0	Converts XML data to a list of URLs.
1	Downloads a Dailymotion video by URL and saves it to a specified directory.
2	Downloads Sina videos by URL.
3	Formats text with color or other effects into an ANSI escaped string.
4	Print a log message to standard error with an optional color.
5	Print an error log message and exit with a given exit code if provided.
6	Exit the program with an error message and an optional exit code.
7	returns cygwin mac linux wsl windows bsd
8	Download all videos from a Vimeo channel.
9	Parse XML content to extract video information such as title, size, and links.
10	Splice a URL to get video details based on the video ID.
11	Gather real URLs from the given URL by parsing and processing the content.
12	Converts a string to a valid filename by replacing restricted characters with valid alternatives, handling different operating systems, and trimming the length.
13	Downloads CBS videos by URL.
14	Downloads a video stream and its captions given a stream ID or the best quality stream, optionally in a specified output directory and format.
15	Downloads Acfun video by vid, determining the appropriate extractor based on the video's source type.
16	Returns a list of all substrings in the given text that match any of the provided regex patterns.
17	Parses the query string of a URL and returns the value of a specified parameter.
18	Gets the content of a URL via sending an HTTP GET request, handling HTTP compression, and decoding the response body as specified.
19	Send a HTTP POST request to a URL with optional headers, post data, and return the response content as a string.
20	Parses host name and port number from a string.
21	Retrieve room ID from the URL key of a showroom room.
22	Method returns a title by concatenating course name, topic name, and part name from JSON content.
23	Downloads a whole course by iterating through its topics and parts.
24	Downloads a specific part of a course topic from a JSON API content and saves it as a video file.
25	Checks if a task is either queued or running in this executor.
26	Returns and flushes events for specified DAGs or all events if no DAGs are specified.
27	Returns a snowflake.connection object
28	Retrieves AWS credentials from a connection object's extra dejson field.
29	Fetches a field from extras, formatting it as specified in the Airflow magic for gRPC hooks.
30	Copy data from an SQL query to a file using psycopg2's copy_expert method.
31	Dumps a database table into a tab-delimited file
32	Uploads a file to Google Cloud Storage using the GoogleCloudStorageHook.
33	Gets the maximum partition for a specified table in a Hive metastore, optionally filtering by partition keys and values.
34	Returns a MySQL connection object with various configurations.
35	Returns the state of a TaskInstance at the command line.
36	Monitors and restarts Gunicorn worker processes in a loop, ensuring the correct number of workers are running based on the expected number and configuration settings.
37	Retrieves and caches a Google Cloud Translate client object.
38	Translate a string or list of strings from one language to another using Google Cloud Translation API.
39	Retrieves a Cloud SQL instance resource by its ID and project ID.
40	Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.
41	Update the settings of a Cloud SQL instance.
42	Deletes a Cloud SQL instance.
43	Retrieves a database resource from a Cloud SQL instance.
44	Creates a new database inside a Cloud SQL instance.
45	Updates a database resource inside a Cloud SQL instance using patch semantics and waits for the operation to complete.
46	Deletes a database from a Cloud SQL instance.
47	Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance to a Cloud Storage bucket as a SQL dump or CSV file.
48	Starts Cloud SQL Proxy and logs errors if the proxy fails to start or if there's an issue with the connection.
49	Stops and cleans up the cloud SQL proxy and related resources.
50	Get the version of the Cloud SQL Proxy.
51	Creates a connection record in the Connection table based on the provided database connection ID and URI, and commits the session.
52	Retrieves the dynamically created connection from the Connection table using the provided session.
53	Deletes a connection from the Connection table using the provided session, if it exists.
54	Retrieve Cloud SQL Proxy runner if use_proxy is True.
55	Retrieves database hook for either Postgres or MySQL based on the database type.
56	Method for cleaning up a database hook after use, logging any notices from a PostgreSQL connection if present.
57	Reserves a free TCP port on '127.0.0.1' for use by the Cloud SQL Proxy and assigns it to `sql_proxy_tcp_port`.
58	Replaces invalid MLEngine job_id characters with '_' and adds a leading 'z' if the job_id starts with an invalid character.
59	Extracts the error code from an FTP exception.
60	Remove any existing DAG runs for the perf test DAGs.
61	Deletes all task instances for specific DAGs in the database.
62	Toggle the pause state of the DAGs in the test.
63	Prints operational metrics for the scheduler test, including performance data for successful task instances and warnings for those that have not completed.
64	Override the scheduler heartbeat to determine when the test is complete, by checking the number of successful task instances and test runtime against expected values, and then printing stats and setting DAGs to paused state accordingly.
65	Invoke a Lambda function with the provided payload.
66	Creates operators for model evaluation using Google Cloud ML Engine and Dataflow, returning prediction, summary, and validation operators.
67	Creates the directory specified by path, creating intermediate directories as necessary, and sets the specified mode for the directory if it does not already exist.
68	Convert a string to a float if possible.
69	Convert a naive datetime to a timezone-aware datetime using the given timezone or the default timezone.
70	Make an aware datetime.datetime naive in a given time zone.
71	Wrapper around datetime.datetime that adds settings.TIMEZONE if tzinfo not specified
72	Establishes a connection to a Druid broker.
73	Returns an HTTP session with optional additional headers and connection details from Airflow.
74	Performs an HTTP request based on the specified method, endpoint, data, headers, and optional extra options.
75	Checks the HTTP status code of a response and raises an AirflowException if it is not in the 2XX or 3XX range.
76	Grabs extra options like timeout and actually runs the request, checking for the result using the provided session and prepped request.
77	Create and manage a session by committing changes, rolling back on exceptions, and closing the session.
78	For use as a decorator, the `provide_session` function ensures that a session is provided to the decorated function either from arguments or a new one created by `create_session()`, closing the session after the function call if not provided.
79	Reset the database by dropping all tables and initializing the database.
80	Parses a DatabaseError to provide a more readable error message.
81	Shortcut that will raise PrestoException if a DatabaseError is caught
82	Get a pandas dataframe from a SQL query.
83	Execute a SQL statement against Presto and optionally create views.
84	Insert a set of tuples into a table.
85	Provides initialization and access to a Cosmos DB client.
86	Checks if a collection exists in CosmosDB by querying it with the provided collection name.
87	Creates a new collection in the CosmosDB database if it does not already exist.
88	Checks if a database with the given name exists in CosmosDB.
89	Creates a new database in CosmosDB if it does not already exist.
90	Delete an existing database in CosmosDB if the database name is not None.
91	Deletes an existing collection in the CosmosDB database.
92	Inserts new documents into an existing collection in a CosmosDB database.
93	Delete an existing document from a CosmosDB collection based on the provided document ID, database name, and collection name, raising an error if the document ID is missing.
94	Return a document from a collection in a CosmosDB database using a document ID.
95	Same as the description in the doc string.
96	Fetches a Cloud Function by its name.
97	Creates a new function in Cloud Function in the specified location with the given body and project_id.
98	Updates Cloud Functions by applying specified changes based on the update mask.
99	Uploads a zip file containing sources to a specified location and returns the upload URL.
100	Deletes the specified Cloud Function.
101	Wrapper around the private _get_dep_statuses method that contains some global checks for all dependencies.
102	Check if all dependency statuses are passing for a given task instance.
103	Returns an iterable of strings describing the failure reasons for a given task instance based on dependency statuses.
104	Parses an SSH config file and returns the SSH key path.
105	Retrieve the underlying `botocore.Credentials` object for a given region, including access_key, secret_key, and token.
106	Returns verticaql connection object
107	Ensure all logging output has been flushed.
108	Returns the path to a zip archive if the input path contains a folder with a '.zip' suffix, otherwise returns the original file location.
109	Recursively traverse a directory and find Python files that may contain Airflow DAG definitions, optionally including example DAGs.
110	Construct a TaskInstance from the database based on the primary key.
111	Launches the DagFileProcessorManager processor and starts the DAG parsing loop in the manager.
112	Send termination signal to DAG parsing processor manager and expect it to terminate all DAG file processors.
113	Helper method to clean up DAG file processors and terminate gracefully upon receiving a signal.
114	Logs the processing details and starts the DagFileProcessorManager in either async or sync mode.
115	Repeatedly parse DAG files in a standalone loop until termination or maximum runs are reached.
116	A method that manages a loop for parsing DAG files, responding to agent signals, and reporting progress and status.
117	Refresh file paths from the DAG directory if it hasn't been updated in a while.
118	Periodically logs file processing statistics if a certain time interval has elapsed.
119	Clears import errors for files that no longer exist.
120	Print out statistics about how files are being processed, including file path, PID, runtime, last runtime, and last run time.
121	Updates the file paths and filters out processors for deleted files.
122	Wait for all processors to finish their tasks.
123	Kick off new processes to parse DAG definition files and read results from finished processors, returning a list of SimpleDags.
124	Kills all child processes on exit to prevent them from becoming orphans.
125	Opens a SSH connection to the remote host.
126	Creates a transfer job that runs periodically.
127	Gets the latest state of a long-running operation in Google Storage Transfer Service.
128	Lists long-running operations in Google Storage Transfer Service that match the specified filter.
129	Updates a transfer job that runs periodically.
130	Deletes a transfer job, marking it for garbage collection after 30 days.
131	Cancels a transfer operation in Google Storage Transfer Service
132	Pause a transfer operation in Google Storage Transfer Service.
133	Resume a transfer operation in Google Storage Transfer Service by providing its name.
134	Waits until a specified GCP storage transfer job reaches one of the expected statuses within a given timeout period.
135	Retrieves all task reschedules for a given task instance and attempt number from the database, sorted by their ID in ascending order.
136	Returns the number of slots that are not currently in use.
137	Run command and return stdout
138	Removes an option from a section in a configuration, optionally removing it from a default configuration as well.
139	Retrieve and convert configuration section values to appropriate types.
140	This interface is used to allocate IDs for incomplete keys in Google Cloud Datastore.
141	This interface begins a new transaction and returns a transaction handle.
142	Commit a transaction, optionally creating, deleting, or modifying some entities in Google Cloud Datastore.
143	Lookup some entities by key using a specified read consistency and/or transaction, and return the response body of the lookup request.
144	Rolls back a transaction.
145	This method is used to run a query for entities using the Google Cloud Datastore API and returns the batch of query results.
146	Gets the latest state of a long-running operation.
147	Deletes a long-running operation by name.
148	Polls a backup operation state until it's completed, then returns the operation resource.
149	Export entities from Cloud Datastore to Cloud Storage for backup.
150	Import a backup from Cloud Storage to Cloud Datastore using the Admin API.
151	Publish a message to a topic or an endpoint.
152	Fetch the hostname using a callable from the config or fall back to `socket.getfqdn`.
153	Retrieves and stores connection to Cloud Natural Language service.
154	The method takes in a document and optional parameters for encoding type, retry, timeout, and metadata, then returns an AnalyzeEntitiesResponse.
155	Invoke the Text API's `annotateText` method to perform multiple natural language processing tasks on a provided document in one go.
156	Classifies a document into categories using the Google Cloud Language API.
157	Return a list of template fields for a specific operator class.
158	Parse a text to get a list of template fields and generate a list of literal nodes for these fields, inserting them into the given document.
159	Properly close pooled database connections
160	Ensures that certain subfolders of AIRFLOW_HOME are added to the classpath.
161	Checks if a Celery task has finished execution based on the Airflow task ID.
162	Return true if the Kerberos ticket cache contains "conf" information.
163	Transforms a SQLAlchemy model instance into a dictionary with formatted datetime values.
164	Yield successive chunks of a given size from a list of items
165	Reduce a list by splitting it into chunks and applying a reducer function.
166	Given a sequence of tasks, sets each task as the downstream task of the previous one in the sequence.
167	Converts a list of tuples into a formatted ASCII table, with optional column headers derived from namedtuple field names or default labels.
168	Given task instance, try number, and filename template, return the rendered log filename using either Jinja or Python string templating.
169	Returns a Google Cloud Dataproc service object after authorizing the HTTP request.
170	Awaits for Google Cloud Dataproc Operation to complete.
171	Coerces the content or all values of content if it is a dict to a string, ensuring that only string and numeric types are present, and throws an exception for other types.
172	Handles the Airflow + Databricks lifecycle logic for a Databricks operator, including submitting a run, pushing XCom values, and polling for the run's terminal state, while logging relevant information.
173	Run a Pig script using the Pig CLI.
174	Fetch and return the state of the given Celery task.
175	Calculate the number of Celery tasks each worker process should send based on the total number of tasks and synchronization parallelism.
176	How many Celery tasks should be sent to each worker process.
177	This function sets a default value for a key in a custom dictionary-like object and returns it, or retrieves and returns the existing value if the key is already present.
178	Returns a Google MLEngine service object after authorizing and building the service with specified parameters.
179	Launches a MLEngine job and waits for it to reach a terminal state, handling cases where the job may already exist.
180	The method retrieves a MLEngine job based on the project and job IDs, handling retries for quota failures.
181	Waits for a job to reach a terminal state by periodically checking its state until it does.
182	Creates a version on Google Cloud ML Engine and returns the operation.
183	Sets a model version as default in Google Cloud Machine Learning Engine and logs the response or error.
184	Lists all available versions of a model, blocking until finished.
185	Deletes a model version and waits for the operation to complete.
186	Creates a Model in a specified project, blocking until the operation is complete.
187	Gets a Model by project and model name, blocking until the request is completed. If the model is not found, logs an error and returns None.
188	Writes batch items to a DynamoDB table with provisioned throughput capacity.
189	Integrate plugins to the context by iterating through `executors_modules` and adding them to `sys.modules` and `globals()`.
190	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
191	Return a new instance of the named executor, or raise an exception if executor name is not recognized.
192	Handles error callbacks when using Segment with segment_debug_mode set to True
193	Returns a mssql connection object
194	Trigger a new Airflow DAG run with optional parameters for run ID, configuration, and execution date, and return the result as a JSON response.
195	Delete all DB records related to the specified Dag and return the count of removed records.
196	Returns a JSON with a task's public instance variables.
197	Get all pools via API and return as JSON.
198	Create a pool, log errors, and return JSON responses.
199	Method to delete a pool and return the response in JSON format.
200	Create a new container group or update an existing one.
201	Get the state and exitcode of a container group
202	Get the event messages of a container group by resource group and name.
203	Get the tail of logs from a container group.
204	Delete a container group by specifying the resource group and name.
205	Tests if a container group exists by iterating through the list of container groups in the specified resource group.
206	Fill the unspecified arguments from the "default_args" parameter and alert with specific information about the missing arguments.
207	Builds an ingest query for an HDFS TSV load.
208	Check for a message on subscribed channels and write it to XCom with the key 'message'. Return True if the message is available or False if not.
209	Returns a set of dag runs that match the given search criteria.
210	Return the task instances for a DAG run based on optional state and session filters.
211	Returns the task instance specified by task_id for this dag run
212	Return the previous DagRun if it exists.
213	Return the previous SCHEDULED DagRun for the given DAG.
214	Determines the overall state of the DAGRun based on the state of its TaskInstances and updates the run's state accordingly.
215	Verifies integrity of DAGRun by checking for removed or missing tasks, and adjusts their states accordingly.
216	This method sends an HTTP request to a Jenkins server using a provided request object, retrieves the response body and headers, and raises an exception if an error occurs.
217	Given a context, this function provides a dictionary of values that can be used to externally reconstruct relations between dags, dag_runs, tasks and task_instances, with an option to format the variable names as environment variables.
218	Decides whether to trigger a remote DAG based on a condition parameter and sets the payload if the condition is met.
219	Sends a single datapoint metric to DataDog with optional tags and validation.
220	Queries Datadog for a specific metric and returns the results based on the given time range.
221	Get a DAG from a dictionary, refresh it if expired, and update if necessary.
222	Fails zombie tasks in the current DagBag by marking them as failed and updating their state in the database.
223	Adds a DAG to the bag and recursively processes its sub-dags, raising an exception if a cycle is detected.
224	Load and process dag files from a specified folder or path, updating the dagbag collection.
225	Prints a report around DagBag loading stats, including the number of DAGs, total task number, duration, and parsed DAG statistics.
226	Add or subtract days from a date in YYYY-MM-DD format.
227	Converts a date string from one format to another.
228	Poke matching files in a directory with a regex and return if any match the criteria.
229	Checks whether a directory is non-empty based on file type and size.
230	Clears a set of task instances, ensuring running ones are killed, and optionally activates related DAG runs.
231	Function to get the try number for a task, which increments if the task is not currently running.
232	Generates the shell command required to execute this task instance.
233	Get the most recent state from the database for a given DAG and task, optionally using an existing session.
234	Forces the task instance's state to FAILED in the database.
235	Refreshes the task instance from the database based on the primary key.
236	Cleans all XCom data from the database for the task instance.
237	Returns a tuple that uniquely identifies the task instance.
238	Checks whether the dependents of this task instance have all succeeded.
239	Calculate and return the next retry datetime based on the current retry delay and exponential backoff settings.
240	Check if the task instance is in the right state and timeframe to be retried.
241	Returns whether there are open slots in the slot pool for the given task.
242	Returns the DagRun for this TaskInstance
243	Make an XCom available for tasks to pull.
244	Pull XComs that optionally meet certain criteria, filtering by task ids, dag id, key, and include_prior_dates.
245	Sets the log context.
246	Close and upload local log file to remote storage Wasb if specified.
247	Retrieves and provides access to a Google Compute Engine services object
248	Starts an existing Google Cloud Compute Engine instance by specifying the zone, resource ID, and optional project ID.
249	Sets the machine type of a Compute Engine instance.
250	Retrieves an instance template by resource_id and project_id.
251	Inserts an instance template in Google Cloud Platform using the specified body and optional request and project IDs, and waits for the operation to complete.
252	Retrieves an Instance Group Manager by project ID, zone, and resource ID.
253	Patch an Instance Group Manager in Google Cloud Platform with the specified body and return None.
254	Method to wait for the completion of an asynchronous operation on Google Cloud Platform.
255	Check if a bucket exists with the given name.
256	Creates an Amazon S3 bucket with the specified name in the given region, or in the default region if none is specified.
257	Helper function that checks if a prefix exists in a bucket.
258	Returns a list of prefixes in a bucket under the given prefix.
259	Returns a list of keys in a specified bucket that match a given prefix and do not contain a given delimiter.
260	Check if a key exists in an S3 bucket.
261	Returns a boto3.s3.Object based on the provided key and optionally the bucket name.
262	This interface reads a key from S3 and returns the contents of the file as a UTF-8 string.
263	Reads a key with S3 Select using a specified expression and returns the retrieved subset of original data.
264	Checks if a key matching a wildcard expression exists in a specified bucket.
265	Returns a boto3.s3.Object object matching the wildcard expression
266	Loads a local file to S3 and optionally overwrites an existing key or encrypts the file.
267	Stores a string in S3 using the boto infrastructure.
268	Uploads bytes data to an S3 bucket with optional encryption and replacement control.
269	Loads a file object to S3 and stores it in the specified bucket.
270	Copy an object from one S3 bucket to another.
271	Queries cassandra and returns a cursor to the results.
272	Converts a user type to a RECORD in BigQuery with fields corresponding to the user type's attributes.
273	Send an email with HTML content using SendGrid, handling attachments, personalization, and sandbox mode.
274	Retrieves and initializes connection to Google Cloud Speech service.
275	Recognizes audio input using a speech recognition client with specified configuration and options.
276	Call the SparkSqlHook with provided configurations to run a SQL query
277	Load AirflowPlugin subclasses from the entrypoints provided and return a list of unique plugins.
278	Check if a given plugin object is a valid subclass of AirflowPlugin and not already in the list of existing plugins.
279	Sets the specified tasks to skipped in the given DAG run or based on the provided execution date.
280	Returns an AzureDLFileSystem object for the specified connection and configuration.
281	Check if a file exists at the given Azure Data Lake path.
282	Upload a file to Azure Data Lake using specified parameters such as local and remote paths, number of threads, and buffer/block sizes.
283	The method lists files in Azure Data Lake Storage based on a given path, either using globbing if the path contains a wildcard or walking through the directory otherwise.
284	Run Presto Query on Athena.
285	Uncompresses a file with the specified extension and saves it to the destination directory.
286	Return a cursor containing the results of querying MSSQL.
287	Wraps a function to execute it while submitting action logging in a CLI context, calling action logger callbacks before and after execution.
288	Builds and returns a dictionary containing various metrics and logs based on the provided function name and namespace.
289	Create the specified cgroup and return the associated node.
290	Delete the specified cgroup using its path.
291	remove protocol from host
292	Utility function to perform an API call with retries, handling both GET and POST methods and using either token or basic authentication.
293	Signs into Salesforce only if not already signed in
294	Returns the result of a query to Salesforce.
295	Returns the description of a Salesforce object as a dictionary
296	Get a list of all available fields for a given Salesforce object.
297	Retrieve all instances of a Salesforce object with specified fields.
298	Convert a column of a dataframe to UNIX timestamps if applicable
299	Write query results to a file in a specified format, handling datetime types and adding metadata if required.
300	Fetches and initializes PyMongo Client with SSL options.
301	Fetches a MongoDB collection object for querying, using the default database schema unless specified.
302	Replaces multiple documents in a MongoDB collection using bulk_write with ReplaceOne operations.
303	Checks if any mail in the specified folder contains an attachment with the given name.
304	Retrieves mail attachments by name from a specified mail folder, with optional regex matching, latest only retrieval, and customizable not found handling.
305	Downloads mail's attachments in the mail folder by its name to the local directory. If no attachment is found, it handles it based on the not_found_mode parameter.
306	Returns a list of tuples containing the name and payload of attachments that match the given name, using regular expression if specified.
307	Retrieve the file's name and payload.
308	Write batch records to Kinesis Firehose.
309	Determines whether a task is ready to be rescheduled based on its state and the reschedule date in the task_reschedule table.
310	Send email using backend specified in EMAIL_BACKEND.
311	Send an email with HTML content using SMTP, with options for attachments, CC, BCC, and dry run.
312	Converts a datetime value to UTC, ensuring it is always in UTC regardless of the database's timezone setting.
313	Check if a blob exists on Azure Blob Storage.
314	Checks if any blobs with the specified prefix exist in Azure Blob storage.
315	Upload a string to Azure Blob Storage.
316	Method for reading a file from Azure Blob Storage and returning its content as a string.
317	Delete a file or files (if a prefix is provided) from Azure Blob Storage.
318	Return a generator object yielding a tuple of two elements for every file found in path. First element is the file name, the second one is a dictionary including a variable number of "facts" depending on the server and whether "facts" argument has been provided.
319	Returns a FTP connection object with passive mode set based on the connection parameters.
320	Returns a list of files on the remote system at the specified path.
321	Transfers a remote file to a local location, optionally using a callback for progress updates.
322	Transfers a local file to a remote location, reading from either a file path or file-like buffer.
323	Returns a datetime object representing the last time the file was modified
324	Call DiscordWebhookHook to post message
325	Return the FileService object using the connection details.
326	Check if a directory exists on Azure File Share.
327	Check if a file exists on Azure File Share.
328	Return the list of directories and files stored on a Azure File Share.
329	Creates a new directory on an Azure File Share.
330	Upload a file to Azure File Share.
331	Upload a string to Azure File Share
332	Upload a stream to an Azure File Share.
333	Returns a Google Cloud Storage service object, initializing it with credentials if not already done.
334	Copies an object from a bucket to another, with renaming if requested, ensuring that either the bucket or the object name changes to avoid duplication.
335	Download a file from Google Cloud Storage to a local file or return the file content as a string.
336	Uploads a local file to Google Cloud Storage, optionally compressing it before upload.
337	Checks for the existence of a file in Google Cloud Storage.
338	return true if the object has been updated after the given timestamp
339	Deletes an object from a specified bucket in an S3-like storage system.
340	List all objects from a specified bucket in Google Cloud Storage that match a given prefix and filter based on delimiter and versions.
341	Returns the size of a file in Google Cloud Storage.
342	This method retrieves the CRC32C checksum of an object in Google Cloud Storage.
343	This interface is used to call the TotalSupply method in ope4 that initialize smart contract parameter.
344	Creates a new Google Cloud Storage bucket with the specified parameters and returns the bucket ID.
345	Compose a list of existing objects into a new object in the same storage bucket.
346	Returns true if the secondary status message of a training job has changed.
347	Generate a string containing the latest secondary training job status message and its start time, comparing it to the previous job description.
348	Tar the local file or directory and upload to s3
349	Extracts S3 operations from a configuration and executes them, including creating buckets and uploading files or tar files.
350	Checks if an S3 URL exists by validating the bucket and key.
351	Establish an AWS connection for retrieving logs during training.
352	Create a training job with optional parameters to wait for completion, print logs, and set a maximum ingestion time.
353	Create a tuning job and optionally wait for its completion.
354	Creates and optionally waits for completion of a transform job with a given configuration.
355	Creates an endpoint with optional parameters for configuration, completion wait, status check interval, and maximum ingestion time.
356	Return the training job info associated with job_name and print CloudWatch logs.
357	Check the status of a SageMaker job until it reaches a terminal state.
358	This method checks the training status of a job and displays its logs, optionally tailing them until the job is complete or a maximum ingestion time is reached.
359	Execute a Python dataflow job using data from a Google Cloud bucket.
360	A function to run database migrations offline using a URL and target metadata, emitting the migration script to the output.
361	Run database migrations in 'online' mode using the provided engine and connection.
362	Deletes the specified Cloud Bigtable instance.
363	Creates a new BigTable instance with the specified parameters.
364	Creates a Cloud Bigtable table with specified initial split keys and column families.
365	Deletes the specified table in Cloud Bigtable.
366	Updates the number of nodes in a specified Cloud Bigtable cluster.
367	Creates the command list for running a Hive command based on the connection details and parameters provided.
368	Converts a dictionary of key-value pairs into a list of hiveconf parameters.
369	Loads a pandas DataFrame into a Hive table, inferring field types if not provided, and uses the `load_file` method to complete the upload process.
370	This method loads a local file into Hive, creating or recreating a Hive table as specified, and loads the file data into the table.
371	Returns a Hive thrift client with SSO and kerberos authentication.
372	Check if a partition with a given name exists in a specified table of a Hive schema.
373	Check if a table exists in a specified database.
374	Connects to a Hive database using configuration parameters and returns a connection object.
375	Returns results of the provided hql execution, dict with data (list of results) and header.
376	Executes an HQL query and writes the results to a CSV file.
377	This interface is used to execute a Hive query and return the results.
378	Get a pandas dataframe from a Hive query.
379	Retrieves connection to Cloud Vision by initializing and returning a Google Cloud Vision client object.
380	Retrieve the Dingding endpoint URL required for sending a message using a connection token.
381	Send a Dingding message with validation and error handling.
382	Helper method to bind parameters to a SQL query.
383	Helper method that escapes parameters for a SQL query.
384	Convert a BigQuery row field from a string to the specified data type.
385	Check if the value has the expected type and raise a TypeError if not.
386	Returns a BigQuery PEP 249 connection object with specified service, project ID, SQL dialect, and retry settings.
387	Returns a BigQuery service object after authorizing it.
388	Checks the existence of a table in Google BigQuery using the provided project, dataset, and table IDs.
389	Creates a new, empty table in the specified dataset with optional schema, time partitioning, clustering, labels, and view configuration.
390	Patches information in an existing Google BigQuery table based on the provided arguments.
391	Cancels all started queries that have not yet completed in the provided service.
392	Deletes an existing table from a dataset, optionally ignoring the error if the table does not exist.
393	Checks if a table exists in a given dataset and either updates it if it does or inserts a new one if it doesn't.
394	Grants authorized view access of a dataset to a view table, checking if the access already exists before making any changes.
395	Retrieves a dataset from BigQuery based on the provided dataset ID and project ID.
396	Method fetches and returns a list of BigQuery datasets for a specified project ID, or defaults to the project ID associated with the instance if none is provided.
397	Method to insert data into a BigQuery table one record at a time, with options to ignore unknown values, skip invalid rows, and handle errors.
398	Executes a BigQuery query and returns the job ID after binding any provided parameters.
399	Executes a BigQuery query multiple times with different parameters.
400	Returns the next row from a buffer, paginating through the result set if necessary.
401	Queries Postgres and returns a cursor to the results.
402	Recursively creates all intermediate directories in a remote host.
403	Create a queue using the provided queue name and attributes.
404	Send message to the queue.
405	Function that runs a command and logs its output in a separate thread.
406	Removes a configuration file if it exists and the current user is not running as root.
407	Parse options and process commands
408	generate HTML header content by adding CSS and JS assets if they haven't been initialized yet
409	Generates an HTML div containing an SVG with specified dimensions and a custom style.
410	Generate javascript code for the chart by creating custom tooltip string and including data.
411	Create an X-axis with custom formatting, label, and date handling options.
412	Creates a Y-axis with optional label and format.
413	Returns a sqlite connection object by connecting to the host specified in the connection object.
414	Decorator to log user actions by creating a log entry with details about the event, user, extra information, task ID, DAG ID, and execution date (if applicable) before executing the decorated function.
415	Decorator to compress views with gzip if the client supports it.
416	Returns the last dag run for a dag, None if there was none.
417	Creates a dag run from this dag including the tasks associated with this dag.
418	Sends a message to an SQS queue and returns a dictionary with information about the message sent.
419	Returns a JSON response from a JSON-serializable Python object with a status code of 200 and the appropriate MIME type.
420	Returns a file object, potentially from a zip archive.
421	This function generates a unique cache key for a given URL based on the request path and query parameters.
422	Returns a Google Cloud Video Intelligence Service client.
423	Performs video annotation with various input and output options.
424	Get Opsgenie API key for creating alert
425	Overwrites the default `get_conn` method to create a session with the specified headers and base URL.
426	Executes an Opsgenie Alert call with a given payload.
427	Construct the Opsgenie JSON payload by combining relevant parameters into a valid JSON payload.
428	Call the OpsgenieAlertHook to post a message.
429	Checks if an AWS connection exists, creates one if not, and returns it.
430	Run Presto query on Athena and return the query execution ID.
431	Fetch the status of a submitted Athena query and return its state.
432	Polls the status of a submitted Athena query until the query reaches a final state or the specified number of tries is reached.
433	Returns an SFTP connection object
434	Sleep for the time specified in the rate limit exception, or for 60 seconds if not specified.
435	Calls Zendesk API, handles pagination and rate limiting, and returns results.
436	Retrieves the partition values for a table filtered by an optional expression.
437	This method is designed to retrieve the information of a specific table within a given database in a Hive storage system.
438	This function retrieves the physical location of a specified Hive table.
439	Get the status of a specified cluster using its unique identifier.
440	Delete a cluster and optionally create a snapshot.
441	Gets a list of snapshots for a cluster and filters/sorts them based on their status and creation time.
442	Restores a cluster from its snapshot using the provided cluster and snapshot identifiers.
443	Creates a snapshot of a cluster and returns it if successful.
444	Executing a Slack API call using the provided method and parameters, even if the call is not unsuccessful.
445	Creates and starts an EMR job flow using a configuration that combines default settings and user-provided overrides.
446	Filters a list of file paths to include only those with a size greater than or equal to a specified size.
447	Filters a list of_dicts based on ignored extensions and a copying flag.
448	Executes a task by performing a query, transforming the results, and loading them into an S3 bucket.
449	Returns a pool based on the given name.
450	Factory that creates or updates pools with given parameters.
451	Delete a pool by a given name.
452	Converts a Python dictionary to a Protocol Buffers message.
453	Polls the status of a Google Cloud operation until it completes or fails.
454	Fetches the operation from Google Cloud using the operation name and project ID.
455	Append labels to a cluster protobuf.
456	Creates a cluster on Google Cloud using a provided cluster configuration and project ID.
457	Gets details of a specified cluster and logs the request.
458	Given a Discord http_conn_id and an optional webhook_endpoint, return the default webhook endpoint or the manually provided one, after validating its format.
459	Constructs a JSON payload for Discord messages with optional username, avatar URL, text-to-speech settings, and content length validation.
460	Execute the Discord webhook call.
461	Encrypts a plaintext message using Google Cloud KMS and returns the base 64 encoded ciphertext.
462	Imports a table from a remote location to a target directory using specified options.
463	Imports a specific query from the rdbms to hdfs.
464	Exports a Hive table to a remote location using provided parameters and options.
465	Retrieves connection to Cloud Text to Speech and returns a Google Cloud Text to Speech client object.
466	Synthesizes text input and returns a SynthesizeSpeechResponse object.
467	Close the logger and upload the local log file to remote storage S3 if configured.
468	Defines a GitSync init container for retrieving DAGs using Git when volume claims are not used.
469	The method defines necessary environment variables for a pod executor, including setting executor type, DAG folder paths, and SQL alchemy connection based on configuration and Kubernetes settings.
470	Generate a list of secrets required by the pod executor based on the provided kube config.
471	Defines the security context with options for worker run-as-user and fs-group, setting fs-group to 65533 if not explicitly specified and using git ssh keypair auth.
472	Returns a URL link to the Qubole command result page based on the provided operator and datetime.
473	Heartbeats update the job's entry in the database with a timestamp for the latest_heartbeat and allow for the job to be killed externally, ensuring the job's activity is monitored and controlled at the system level.
474	A function that launches a process to process a given file, with options to pickle DAGs, whitelist DAG IDs, and handle zombie task instances.
475	Launches the process to start processing the DAG and records the start time.
476	Check if the process launched to process this file is done. Returns whether the process is finished running.
477	Helper method to clean up the processor_agent and gracefully exit the process upon receiving a signal.
478	Record and update import errors for DAGs in the given DagBag, and clear errors for files that no longer have them.
479	Schedules tasks for a single DAG by examining active DAG runs and adding task instances that should run to the queue.
480	Change the state of task instances in a simple DAG bag to a new state if the corresponding DAG run does not exist or is not in the running state.
481	This method retrieves concurrency maps for a list of states by querying the TaskInstance table in the database and returning two dictionaries mapping (dag_id, task_id) to the total number of task instances and the number of task instances in the given state list, respectively.
482	Changes the state of specified task instances to QUEUED atomically and returns the updated task instances in SimpleTaskInstance format.
483	Enqueues task instances with the executor after setting their state to queued.
484	Attempts to execute TaskInstances by the scheduler, following three steps: picking TIs by priority, changing their states atomically, and enqueuing them in the executor.
485	If there are tasks left over in the executor, set them back to SCHEDULED to avoid creating hanging tasks.
486	Responds to executor events by updating the task instance's state in the database based on the provided key, state, and other parameters.
487	Process a Python file containing Airflow DAGs, execute it, pickle DAGs as necessary, create task instances, and record import errors.
488	Updates and categorizes the counters of running task instances based on their status, while handling retries, rescheduling, and external state changes.
489	Checks if the executor's event buffer agrees with the state of running task instances, and logs warnings or errors if there is a discrepancy.
490	Return a dag run for the given run date, which will be matched to an existing dag run if available or create a new dag run otherwise.
491	Returns a map of task instance key to task instance object for the tasks to run in the given dag run.
492	Computes the dag runs and their respective task instances for the given run dates, executes the task instances, and returns a list of execution dates.
493	Update the state of DAG runs to failed if they are not finished.
494	Initializes required components to run a DAG for a specified date range and executes tasks.
495	Checks if the task instance is still running externally and terminates the process if the state has been changed externally.
496	Provides initialization and access to a Cloud Spanner client for a given project ID.
497	Method to retrieve a Cloud Spanner instance by its ID, with an optional project ID.
498	Invokes a method on a given instance by applying a specified Callable and handles any potential errors.
499	Creates a new Cloud Spanner instance with specified parameters and applies a create operation.
500	Update an existing Cloud Spanner instance with the specified configuration.
501	Deletes an existing Cloud Spanner instance.
502	Retrieves a database in Cloud Spanner. If the database does not exist in the specified instance, it returns None.
503	Creates a new database in Cloud Spanner.
504	Updates the DDL of a database in Cloud Spanner and handles exceptions such as operation idempotency and API call errors.
505	Drops a database in Cloud Spanner if it exists.
506	Pokes for a mail attachment on the mail server and checks if it is present.
507	Merge additional properties with language hints and web detection parameters.
508	Returns a cassandra Session object
509	Checks if a table exists in Cassandra.
510	Checks if a record exists in Cassandra based on given keys.
511	Construct the command to poll the driver status.
512	Remote execute a spark-submit job and checks the return code. If the spark-submit return code is not zero, then an exception is raised. If the driver status is not "FINISHED", then another exception is raised.
513	Processes the log files and extracts useful information such as application ID, driver pod ID, and exit code based on the deployment mode.
514	Parses logs from a Spark driver status query process, extracts the driver state, and logs each line.
515	Get the task runner based on the specified task runner type.
516	Function that attempts to wait for a task to complete using a waiter or exponential backoff if the waiter is not available.
517	Queries MySQL and returns a cursor to the results.
518	Configure a CSV writer with the file handle and write the schema as headers.
519	Writes a dictionary containing a file name and a file handle to a local file system, which contains the BigQuery schema fields in JSON format.
520	Return a dictionary of column names and types based on the schema, handling different schema types and logging warnings for issues.
521	Maps a MySQL field type to the corresponding BigQuery field type.
522	Executes a Sqoop job based on the specified command type and parameters.
523	Saves the lineage to XCom and if configured to do so sends it to the backend.
524	Deserializes the `extra` property as JSON.
525	Generate a list of dates based on a start date, end date, or number of entries, with an optional delta or cron expression.
526	Convert an array of time durations in seconds to the specified time unit (minutes, hours, or days).
527	Return a datetime object representing `n` days ago, with the specified time.
528	Initializes a role with permissions and related view-menus, updating existing roles or adding new ones as needed.
529	Deletes a role from the ab_role table if it exists, otherwise raises an AirflowException.
530	This function retrieves all roles associated with a user, using the current user if none is provided. If the user is anonymous, it returns the public role.
531	Return a set of permission names and view menu names for all user roles.
532	Does the user have the specified role name or list of role names?
533	Checks whether the user has a specific permission for a view menu.
534	Removes faulty permissions from the database.
535	Add new permission and view-menu to the ab_permission_view_role if not already exists and add related entries to ab_permission and ab_view_menu meta tables.
536	Add missing permission-views to the table for the admin role.
537	Set the access policy on the given DAG's ViewModel.
538	Create perm-vm for global logical dag and insert into FAB security model
539	Deferred load of Fernet key with error handling.
540	Checks for the existence of a partition in the AWS Glue Catalog table using the provided context, schema, and expression.
541	Gets and initializes the AwsGlueCatalogHook if not already present, then returns it
542	Check for message on subscribed queue and write to xcom the message with key `messages`
543	Return a snakebite HDFSClient object.
544	Establishes a connection to an HDFS namenode using either an InsecureClient or KerberosClient, depending on the security mode configured, and returns the successfully connected client; raises an exception if all connection attempts fail.
545	Check for the existence of a path in HDFS by querying FileStatus
546	Uploads a file to HDFS, optionally overwriting existing files and using parallel threads for the upload process.
547	Establishes a connection to a Pinot broker using the Pinot DBQPI.
548	Get the connection URI for a Pinot broker using its connection details.
549	Converts a Python datetime.date object to a dictionary in a format supported by the API.
550	Convert a Python `time` object to a dictionary with keys for hours, minutes, and seconds.
551	Returns and initializes a Redis connection if not already done.
552	Execute an SQL query and return the results as a pandas DataFrame
553	Execute a SQL query or a list of SQL queries using a database connection.
554	Sets the autocommit flag on the connection and logs a warning if autocommit is activated on a connection that does not support it.
555	Insert a set of tuples into a table, committing every `commit_every` rows or after all rows if `commit_every` is 0.
556	Converts a cell into its SQL literal representation as a string.
557	Checks the health status of the Airflow instance, including metadatabase and scheduler.
558	A restful endpoint that returns external links for a given Operator.
559	Opens a connection to the cloudant service and ensures it is closed automatically when used as a context manager.
560	Generate Slack webhook request
561	Returns the Credentials object for Google API based on the provided key path or keyfile_dict, with optional scope and delegation.
562	Returns an authorized HTTP object to be used to build a Google cloud service hook connection.
563	Intercepts HTTP errors and raises an AirflowException with a more informative message.
564	Decorate a function to provide a fallback for the Google Cloud Platform project ID, using the project ID from the service account or a provided keyword argument.
565	Returns a list of states indicating that a task is unfinished.
566	Constructs the full spark-sql command by appending various configurations and options based on the object's attributes.
567	Convert a ``PIL Image`` or ``numpy.ndarray`` to tensor.
568	Normalize a tensor image with mean and standard deviation.
569	Resize the input PIL Image to the given size while maintaining the aspect ratio.
570	Pad the given PIL Image on all sides with specified padding mode and fill value.
571	Crops a PIL Image at the specified position and returns the cropped image.
572	Crop the given PIL Image and resize it to desired size.
573	Horizontally flip the given PIL Image.
574	Perform perspective transform of the given PIL Image using specified start and end points.
575	Vertically flips the given PIL Image.
576	Crop the given PIL Image into four corners and the central crop.
577	Adjusts the brightness of a PIL image by a specified factor, raising a TypeError if the input is not a PIL Image.
578	Adjust the contrast of a PIL Image by multiplying the pixel values by the given contrast factor.
579	Adjust the color saturation of a PIL Image by a specified factor.
580	Adjust the hue of an image by cyclically shifting the hue channel in the HSV color space and convert it back to the original image mode.
581	Return a PIL Image after adjusting its intensity using gamma correction based on the given gamma and gain values.
582	Rotate the image by a specified angle.
583	Apply affine transformation on the image keeping image center invariant.
584	Converts a PIL image to a grayscale version, with an option to output either a single-channel or a three-channel image.
585	Save a given tensor into an image file
586	Finds the class folders in a dataset and returns a tuple containing the class names and a dictionary mapping each class name to its index.
587	Reading and converting image files to patches in a tensor format.
588	Method to read labels from a file and return them as a LongTensor.
589	Read a file containing ground truth matches and return a tensor with 3D point IDs and binary match information.
590	Computes the accuracy of the model's output against the target values over the k top predictions.
591	This function disables printing from non-master processes by reassigning the built-in `print` function.
592	Download a file from a URL and save it to a specified directory, optionally verifying its integrity with an MD5 checksum.
593	List all directories at a given root and optionally prepend the path to each result.
594	Returns a list of file names (with optional prefix) in a given directory that end with a specified suffix.
595	Download a Google Drive file from and place it in root.
596	To get random crop parameters for an image to achieve a specified output size.
597	Generate four random points to perform a perspective transform on an image.
598	Get parameters for a random sized crop of an image
599	Create a function that generates a random image transformation based on brightness, contrast, saturation, and hue values.
600	Generates parameters for an affine transformation, including random angles, translations, scales, and shears based on the given input ranges and image size.
601	Download and extract a tarball, and download each individual photo from a URL list.
602	Downloads the MNIST dataset if it doesn't exist in the processed_folder and processes it into torch files.
603	Downloads EMNIST data and processes it to save as torch files.
604	Retrieve the current theme name by checking an override, cookies, or settings in that order.
605	Returns autocompleter results based on the search query and preferences.
606	Render preferences page && save user preferences.
607	Returns list of available themes.
608	Check if the search query contains a bang and generate fitting autocompleter results based on categories, engines, language codes, and countries.
609	Process an API response to extract currency conversion information and generate a formatted message.
610	This function embeds a custom gradient into a TensorFlow tensor using the `stop_gradient` operation, allowing for control over which parts of the gradient are passed through.
611	Constructs a MultivariateNormalDiag using TensorFlow Distributions.
612	Return the log-probability of the eight-schools model given the treatment effects, treatment standard deviations, average effect, average standard deviation, and school effects standard.
613	Runs Hamiltonian Monte Carlo on the eight-schools unnormalized posterior and measures the acceptance rate.
614	Modify a function's docstring by replacing placeholders with provided values.
615	This function attempts to infer the original name passed into a distribution constructor by reversing the name-scope transformation, returning the distribution's original, user-visible name.
616	Constructs a `RandomVariable` object with a dummy `name` argument for compatibility with program transformations.
617	Wraps an existing distribution as a traceable random variable in Edward models.
618	Create a factory function to make a random variable given a distribution class.
619	Computes one-step-ahead predictive distributions for all timesteps by applying parameter samples to a time-series model.
620	Constructs a predictive distribution over future observations using samples from the posterior over parameters.
621	Returns the maximum value of the array `x` along the specified axis, or a mask value if the maximum is not finite.
622	Assert all elements of `x` are finite, and raise an error if not.
623	Assert `x` has rank equal to `rank` or smaller.
624	Computes the number of elements in a tensor with a given shape, returning a scalar tensor when possible.
625	OneHotCategorical helper computing probs, cdf, etc over its support by evaluating a function over the support and cyclically left-transposing one dimension.
626	Return a convert-to-tensor function, given a name, config, callable, etc.
627	Calculate the total number of parameters needed to create a `MixtureSameFamily` distribution based on the number of components and the size of parameters for each component.
628	Context manager to yield the top-most interceptor on the thread-local interceptor stack and then restore it.
629	Decorator that wraps `func` to intercept its execution by passing it to the current thread's interceptor, or calling it immediately if there is no interceptor.
630	Records the execution of probabilistic operations in a sequence and returns them as an OrderedDict.
631	Generate synthetic data for binary classification with specified parameters.
632	Visualize decision boundaries in R^2 for given features, labels, true and candidate weight vectors, and save the plot as an image.
633	Builds a Dataset iterator for supervised classification using TensorFlow.
634	Validate `map_values` if `validate_args` is True.
635	Run a function repeatedly and trace its outputs.
636	Calls a transition operator with args, unpacking args if it's a sequence.
637	Calls a function and returns its output and gradients with respect to the input arguments.
638	Takes a structure and broadcasts it to match another structure if the input structure is a singleton.
639	Transforms a log-prob function using a bijector to take input in the domain of the bijector, forward transforms that state, and returns the transformed log-prob function and optionally the inverse transformed initial state.
640	Leapfrog a state for a Hamiltonian Monte Carlo simulation.
641	Perform a Metropolis-Hastings step to probabilistically choose between the current and proposed states based on the energy change while preserving detailed balance.
642	Performs Hamiltonian Monte Carlo sampling to generate samples from a target probability distribution.
643	Adjusts a control variable based on the sign of the difference between the output and set point, using a sign-based adaptation rate.
644	Deserialize a layer from its configuration dictionary.
645	Convert to `Tensor` or leave as `None`.
646	Constructs a scale operator from various components including an identity multiplier, diagonal matrix, lower triangular matrix, and optional perturbations.
647	Returns a callable that adds a random normal perturbation to the input state parts.
648	Returns a callable that adds a random uniform perturbation to the input.
649	Expands the rank of input tensor `x` up to a predefined event rank by adding singleton dimensions.
650	A lower bound on the entropy of a mixture model, calculated as the weighted sum of the entropies of its components.
651	Get batchwise probabilities for each component using softmax or log-softmax.
652	Validate `outcomes`, `logits`, and `probs`'s shapes, ensuring they meet specific criteria and adding assertions for dynamic shape validation.
653	Ensure TensorFlow is installed and its version meets the requirement.
654	Bayesian logistic regression that returns labels given features using a multivariate normal distribution for coefficients and a Bernoulli distribution for labels.
655	builds the Covertype dataset by loading, normalizing, and binarizing the features and labels, and returns the processed features and labels
656	compute the Cholesky factorization of the covariance matrix of vector-variate random samples
657	Estimates the standard deviation of a numeric tensor using samples, with options to specify the axis holding samples and whether to keep the sample axis as singletons.
658	Estimate the variance of a given tensor along specified sample axis.
659	Rectifies possibly negative axis values and returns a list of positive axis values.
660	A version of squeeze that works with dynamic axis.
661	Standardize input `x` to a unit normal using the mean (`self.loc`) and standard deviation (`self.scale`).
662	Reconstruct input `x` from its normalized version `z` by applying scaling and shifting.
663	Build the transition matrix for a semi-local linear trend model using TensorFlow operations.
664	Build the transition noise model for a semi-local linear trend model.
665	Returns a sample from the `dim` dimensional Halton sequence.
666	Uniform iid sample from the space of permutations.
667	Generates starting points for the Halton sequence procedure, shifting them by one and reshaping the result.
668	Computes the number of terms in the place value expansion of a number for given bases.
669	Return a sorted array of prime numbers less than a given number n.
670	Returns the machine epsilon for a given data type.
671	The Hager-Zhang line search algorithm performs an inexact line search based on the algorithm of Hager and Zhang (2006), using a univariate objective function generated by projecting a multivariate objective function along a search direction, and satisfies Wolfe/Approx Wolfe conditions to determine the minimum of the function.
672	Fixes the step size by iteratively shrinking it until the values and gradients become finite, up to a maximum number of iterations determined by the machine epsilon.
673	Brackets the minimum of a univariate function and performs a line search.
674	The main loop of line search after the minimum has been bracketed.
675	Performs bisection to update a search interval and handles convergence and failure based on function values and gradients.
676	Prepares the arguments for the line search initialization by evaluating the value and gradients function at specific points and computing the threshold for approximate Wolfe conditions.
677	Wrapper for tf.Print which supports lists and namedtuples for printing.
678	Use Gauss-Hermite quadrature to generate a quadrature scheme for evaluating functions on the simplex representing a `SoftmaxNormal` distribution.
679	Use SoftmaxNormal quantiles to form quadrature on `K - 1` simplex.
680	Checks the validity of `loc` and `scale` init args for a distribution.
681	Determines the batch shape and event shape based on a grid and endpoint affine.
682	Interpolates between two locations in a given grid.
683	Interpolates between two scales for a given grid.
684	Creates a new `LinOp` with weights applied to an existing `LinOp`.
685	Concatenates input vectors, statically if possible.
686	Multiply tensor of vectors by matrices assuming values stored are logs.
687	Multiply tensor of matrices by vectors, assuming values stored are logs, and return the element-wise sum of logs.
688	Multiply a tensor of vectors by matrices and sum the results along the specified axis.
689	Tabulate log probabilities from a batch of distributions.
690	Computes marginal probability density function for each individual observable in a probabilistic model using transition and initial log probabilities.
691	Compute the marginal posterior distribution for each state given observations.
692	Compute the most likely sequence of hidden states given a sequence of observations using the Viterbi algorithm.
693	Generates random directions in the event space while normalizing them based on input components.
694	Applies a single iteration of slice sampling update using hit and run style slice sampling, choosing a random direction on the unit sphere and finding the slice bounds along that direction.
695	Helps compute `fn_result` if needed, ensuring it's a Tensor with a float dtype.
696	Pads the shape of a tensor to the right to be of a specified rank by adding singleton dimensions.
697	Runs one iteration of the Slice Sampler algorithm, updating the state based on the target log probability function and previous kernel results, and returns the new state and kernel results.
698	Builds a transformed-normal variational distribution over a parameter's support in TensorFlow.
699	Build a loss function for variational inference in Structural Time Series models.
700	A function that minimizes a loss function within a graph using the Adam optimizer, looping for a specified number of steps.
701	Compute mean and variance of a time series tensor while accounting for a mask.
702	Get the first unmasked entry of each time series in the batch by computing the index of the first unmasked entry for each series in the batch and then extracting the initial value for each series in the batch.
703	Return the broadcast batch shape from a list of distributions, statically if possible.
704	Combines multiple multivariate normal distributions into a single factored joint distribution.
705	Attempt to sum MultivariateNormal distributions.
706	Compute statistics of a provided time series, including mean, standard deviation, and initial value after centering.
707	Ensures a time series tensor has a trailing dimension of size 1.
708	Converts an observed time series to a canonical shape with an optional mask, handling both `Tensor`-like objects and `tfp.sts.MaskedTimeSeries` inputs.
709	Construct a predictive normal distribution by mixing over posterior draws using a uniform mixture.
710	Returns the difference between high and low values with an optional name scope.
711	Create factory function for generating summary statistics like mean, mode, and stddev.
712	Wrap a distribution-making function to ensure it always receives the right arguments, by reversing the order of arguments before calling the function.
713	Resolve distribution names based on argument names or default to a leaf name.
714	Returns the distribution's required arguments.
715	Calculates the KL divergence between two `JointDistributionSequential` objects.
716	Creates methods for distance functions and their arguments.
717	Create a tuple of tuples representing the dependencies of a model's distributions.
718	Return the Shannon entropy in nats for independent distributions.
719	Checks the argument bounds for a method and asserts that the argument is greater than or equal to the lower bound of the distribution's support.
720	Visualizes sequences as TensorBoard summaries by clipping values to the range [0, 1], unstacking the sequence tensor, concatenating the frames, and creating an image summary.
721	Visualizes the reconstruction of inputs in TensorBoard.
722	Visualizes qualitative analysis of a model by reconstructing and generating inputs while analyzing latent distributions and capturing specific transformations.
723	Summarizes the parameters of a distribution by creating and visualizing histograms of its mean and standard deviation using TensorFlow summaries.
724	Summarize the mean of a tensor in nats and bits per unit.
725	Convenience method for generating a MultivariateNormalDiag distribution using the model's location and scale parameters.
726	Returns an initial state for an LSTM cell, including zeroed out previous output and cell state, with dimensions derived from the sample batch shape and the LSTM's hidden size.
727	This method runs a recurrent model to generate a distribution for a single timestep, parameterizing it with the output to produce a MultivariateNormalDiag distribution.
728	Runs the model to generate intermediate representations by reshaping inputs, applying multiple convolutional layers, and then reshaping the output.
729	Generate sequences by sampling from prior distributions and decoding the latent variables.
730	```Reconstructs input sequences by sampling from latent variables and passing them through a decoder to generate a batched Independent distribution of Normal distributions over pixel values.```
731	Sample the static latent prior for a given number of samples and batch size, with an option to share the same sample across all sequences.
732	Sample the dynamic latent prior for sequence generation with specified batch size, length, and the option to share samples across sequences.
733	Return the broadcast batch shape of all model parameters, matching the batch shape of derived state space models.
734	Return the runtime batch shape of models represented by the component.
735	Instantiate a `LinearGaussianStateSpaceModel`Distribution object for a specified number of timesteps with given parameters and priors.
736	Sample from the joint prior over model parameters and trajectories for a given number of timesteps and optional initial step.
737	Calculate the minimum event dimensions associated with a given list of bijectors by computing the composition of bijectors and considering rank-changing bijectors.
738	Converts a vector size to the corresponding square matrix size by ensuring the vector length is a triangular number.
739	Sorts values along a specified axis in ascending or descending order using NumPy.
740	Sorts a numpy array in ascending or descending order, with an option for stability.
741	Computes the area under the Gaussian probability density function, integrated from minus infinity to x.
742	The function calculates the complementary error function (erfc) for the input values after applying some transformations.
743	Compute the inverse of the CDF of the Normal distribution.
744	Function calculates `(log o ndtr)(x)` by either calling `log(ndtr(x))` or using an asymptotic series for different ranges of x values.
745	Calculates the asymptotic series used in log_ndtr.
746	The function `erfinv` computes the inverse error function for a given input tensor `x`.
747	Calculate the log of the cumulative distribution function (CDF) for the Laplace distribution.
748	Joint log probability function for text messages model.
749	Runs HMC on the text-messages unnormalized posterior.
750	Determines if the given index points would yield a univariate marginal Gaussian distribution.
751	Compute the marginal distribution of a Gaussian process at given index points.
752	Return `index_points` if not None, else `self._index_points`. If both are None, raise a ValueError.
753	Creates an stacked IAF bijector.
754	Runs one iteration of NeuTra, updating the state of the Markov chain and returning the new state and kernel results.
755	Trains a bijector and creates initial `previous_kernel_results` using the provided `state`.
756	Compute the outer squared difference between two tensors.
757	Calculate the value and batch jacobian of a scalar function in both eager and graph modes.
758	Disable computation of the second derivatives for a tensor.
759	Performs a distributional transform of mixture samples by applying conditional CDFs and returns a sample of product of Uniform[0, 1] distributions.
760	Split a covariance matrix into block-diagonal marginals based on given block sizes.
761	Decomposes a joint posterior into components for an additive StructuralTimeSeries model.
762	Decompose an observed time series into contributions from each component using a structural time series model.
763	Decompose a forecast distribution into contributions from each component using a Structural Time Series model.
764	Converts a dense tensor to a sparse tensor, ignoring specified values.
765	Create function that defers an operator overload to `attr`.
766	Converts a tensor's numpy value to a human-readable string representation.
767	Sample the shape of a random variable as a `TensorShape`.
768	Method to sample the shape of a random variable as a 1-D Tensor.
769	Gets the tensor that the random variable corresponds to, sampling if necessary.
770	In a session, computes and returns the value of this random variable.
771	Converts the value to a NumPy array if it is a TensorFlow EagerTensor.
772	Computes the posterior distribution for the unknown mean of a Normal distribution, given a prior distribution and observed data with a known scale.
773	Build a scale-and-shift function using a multi-layer neural network.
774	Returns a batch of points chosen uniformly from the unit hypersphere.
775	Returns the unnormalized log density of an LKJ distribution for a given set of correlation matrices.
776	The log normalization of an LKJ distribution.
777	Return the explicit dtype from `args_list` if exists, otherwise return the preferred dtype.
778	Factory function that implements summary statistics on distribution attributes.
779	Helper to broadcast a tensor using a list of target tensors by adding zeros_like each tensor.
780	Pdf evaluated at the peak.
781	Estimate a lower bound on effective sample size for each independent chain in MCMC.
782	Compute the effective sample size for a single Tensor argument using autoregressive correction and threshold filtering.
783	Function to compute the potential scale reduction for a single state in a Markov chain.
784	Get the number of elements along a specified axis of a tensor, cast to the tensor's data type.
785	Broadcasts a listable secondary argument to match the length of states.
786	Use Gauss-Hermite quadrature to form quadrature on positive-reals for a LogNormal prior.
787	The function `quadrature_scheme_lognormal_quantiles` uses the quantiles of a LogNormal distribution to form a quadrature scheme on the positive reals, returning a grid of `log_rate` parameters for a Poisson distribution and their associated weights.
788	Creates a new _Mapping instance with merged arguments from the current instance and the provided arguments.
789	Remove specified field from cache key in the cache value.
790	Helper function to merge two values, handling the case where one or both values are None, and ensuring that the values are compatible based on the use_equals flag.
791	Converts nested `dict`, `list`, or `tuple` to nested `tuple`.
792	Computes the doubling increments for the left end point in a binary search algorithm.
793	Finds the index of the optimal set of bounds for each chain by identifying the earliest index where all bounds are outside the slice, with a fallback to the widest bounds if none are outside.
794	Returns the bounds of the slice at each stage of doubling procedure.
795	Samples a new state from a slice by applying shrinkage for rejected points.
796	Applies the one-dimensional slice sampling algorithm to an input tensor `x_initial` to return the next state of the Markov chain along with additional information about the bounds and the target log density.
797	Function that creates an interceptor to set the values of Edward2 random variable objects based on the provided model keyword arguments.
798	Create function that takes Edward probabilistic program and returns its log joint function.
799	Filters keyword arguments to be compatible with function `f`'s signature by only including arguments that exist in `f`'s input signature.
800	Network block for VGG performing convolution, batch normalization, ReLU activation, and max pooling.
801	Builds a tree of states by recursively performing leapfrog steps and selecting candidate states based on a acceptance criterion, returning the resulting states and whether the trajectory should continue.
802	Raises an error if any gradient is None.
803	Determines if two states and momentum do not form a U-turn pattern by checking if the dot product of the differences and momentum is positive.
804	Runs one step of leapfrog integration by updating the state, momentum, and target log probability.
805	Log-joint probability given a state's log-probability and momentum.
806	Returns samples from a Bernoulli distribution.
807	Makes a function that creates `loc` and `scale` parameters using `tf.get_variable`.
808	Create a function that builds Normal distributions with trainable parameters
809	Creates multivariate standard `Normal` distribution.
810	Utility method to deserialize a Keras-serialized function
811	Serializes a Python function for Keras, returning its bytecode or name along with its type.
812	Broadcasts a single value or structure to match the structure of another, tiling if necessary.
813	Converts nested structures to Tensors recursively.
814	Converts `args` to `Tensor`s with optional `dtype` and `name` constraints.
815	Calls a user-provided callable with user-provided arguments, expanding the arguments if necessary.
816	Returns a dictionary of tensor-like attributes related to shape and Python builtins.
817	Creates a mixture of Gaussians prior distribution for encodings.
818	Rearrange images into a grid of specified rows and columns.
819	Download a file to a specified directory and return the filepath.
820	Builds fake MNIST-style data for unit testing.
821	Helper function to validate the block sizes used in a bijector.
822	Checks if tensor shapes in `parts` will broadcast and raises a `ValueError` if they do.
823	Constructs a trainable `tfd.MultivariateNormalTriL` distribution by parameterizing it via affine transformation of the input tensor `x`.
824	Constructs a trainable Bernoulli distribution parameterized by logits.
825	Constructs a trainable `tfd.Normal` distribution by parameterizing it with loc and scale obtained from a dense layer and transformations.
826	Constructs a trainable `tfd.Poisson` distribution using logits derived from input data and a specified layer function.
827	Applies one step of the Euler-Maruyama method, generating a proposal for the next state of a Markov chain.
828	Compute the diffusion drift for a Markov Chain at the current state using the given step size, volatility parts, and gradients.
829	Helper function to `kernel` that computes the log acceptance-correction for a Metropolis-Hastings algorithm with a normal proposal distribution.
830	Compute `volatility_fn` results and gradients, if needed.
831	Broadcasts `volatility_parts` to the shape of `state_parts` by adding zeros.
832	Build a transition matrix for an autoregressive StateSpaceModel.
833	Computes the graph and static `sample_shape` based on the input tensor's shape, event shape, and batch shape.
834	Calls a function after appropriately reshaping its input and output.
835	Calls a function, reshapes its output, and sets the static shape if possible.
836	The function `_bdtr` calculates the binomial cumulative distribution function using the incomplete beta function, with a trick to handle edge cases where the direct computation would result in NaN values during backpropagation.
837	Executes a model to create both samples and distributions.
838	Latent Dirichlet Allocation generates a random variable representing a sample from a distribution over bags of words, parameterized by concentration and topic-word probabilities.
839	This function creates a variational distribution for Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) using a neural network encoder with specified activation function and layer sizes.
840	Returns a summary of the highest weight topics by listing their indices, prior weights, and top words.
841	Construct a TensorFlow dataset from a 20 newsgroups dataset file, converting word IDs to a sparse matrix and mapping each document to a dense tensor.
842	Builds fake input functions for unit testing with random data.
843	Builds iterators for train and evaluation data using a bag-of-words representation.
844	This function implements a Hessian-informed proximal gradient descent algorithm to minimize a regularized loss function.
845	Add control dependencies to the commitment loss for updating the codebook using an exponential moving average.
846	Save a grid of images to a PNG file.
847	Save images visualizing model reconstructions and prior samples.
848	Returns a binary MNIST dataset from a given directory and split name.
849	Returns a `np.dtype` based on the input `dtype`. If the input `dtype` has an `as_numpy_dtype` attribute, it returns that attribute; otherwise, it returns the input `dtype`.
850	Returns the base data type of a given data type, avoiding any reference types.
851	Checks if a given data type is boolean.
852	Returns whether a given data type is complex.
853	Returns the maximum representable value in the given data type.
854	Return the string name for a given `dtype`.
855	Returns the number of bytes to represent a given data type.
856	Asserts all items in a list are of the same base type, and returns the validated type.
857	Validate and return float type based on tensors and dtype.
858	Performs an unconstrained minimization of a function using the Nelder Mead simplex method.
859	Return a single iteration of the Nelder Mead algorithm.
860	Decorator that Checks Whether Replacing the Worst Point in a Simplex with a Reflected Point Should Be Accepted
861	Creates a condition function pair for an expansion based on the objective values of the reflected and expanded points.
862	Constructs a contraction function used in a simplex method to search for an optimal solution by evaluating if a contracted point is a better solution than the reflected point and either updating the simplex or shrinking towards the best point.
863	Shrinks the simplex around the best vertex by moving other vertices towards it.
864	Replaces an element at the specified index in a tensor with a given replacement value.
865	Determine if a simplex-based optimization algorithm has converged based on tolerance for function value variation and simplex degeneracy.
866	Computes and returns the initial simplex and objective values for given inputs to a minimization problem.
867	Evaluate the objective function at the specified initial simplex and return the results along with the dimensions and number of vertices.
868	Constructs a standard axes aligned simplex for a given objective function, initial vertex, and step sizes, evaluating the objective function at its vertices.
869	Evaluates a given objective function on a batch of arguments and returns the results and the number of evaluations.
870	Save a PNG plot with histograms of weight means and standard deviations.
871	Save a PNG plot visualizing posterior uncertainty on heldout data.
872	Build fake MNIST-style data for unit testing.
873	Returns initializer configuration as a JSON-serializable dict.
874	Instantiates an initializer from a configuration dictionary.
875	This function wraps the Numpy `matmul` function with support for transposing and conjugating the input matrices.
876	Compute the standard deviation, covariance, and variance of a given statistic with consideration of degrees of freedom and NaN handling.
877	Computes the log of the exponentially weighted moving mean of the exp.
878	Ensures non-scalar input has at least one column by adding a dummy dimension if necessary.
879	Generates a tensor of shape `shape` with values either -1 or 1, chosen uniformly at random.
880	Generate a tensor of positive reals drawn from a Rayleigh distribution with specified shape, scale, dtype, and seed.
881	Convenience function that chooses between two conditions based on a predicate.
882	Computes the log probability for one element of the inverse image.
883	Computes the probability of an element in the inverse image of a distribution, optionally overriding the event dimensions and adjusting for the logarithmic joint density.
884	Helper function to rotate dimensions of a tensor left or right based on the value of `_needs_rotation` and `rotate_right` parameters.
885	Undoes the batch normalization operation on a tensor by applying the scale, offset, mean, and variance.
886	This function checks for a valid TensorFlow BatchNormalization layer, ensuring it is an instance of `tf.layers.BatchNormalization` or `tf.compat.v1.layers.BatchNormalization`, and that it does not have renormalization or virtual batch sizes enabled.
887	Slices a single parameter of a distribution according to specified slices and distribution batch shape.
888	Computes the override dictionary of sliced parameters for a given distribution and slices.
889	Applies a single slicing step to `dist`, returning a new instance with updated parameters, including sliced parameters and overrides.
890	Applies a sequence of slice or copy-with-overrides operations to a distribution.
891	Return a batch-sliced `tfd.Distribution` by applying a sequence of slice and copy operations to the input distribution while tracking the source variables.
892	Runs multiple Fisher scoring steps to fit a model by iteratively updating the model coefficients based on the given data until convergence or the maximum number of iterations is reached.
893	Returns a callable function that indicates if the fitting procedure has converged based on the small relative norm of weight changes.
894	Helper function to sanitize inputs for the `fit` function, converting and sanitizing the input arguments to ensure they are of the correct shape, dtype, and values before passing them to the main `fit` function.
895	Returns the number of columns in a given `Tensor`.
896	Wraps an original function, preferring to call a static function when inputs are static.
897	   .
898	Statically evaluate a predicate in `cond`.

**Created Question**:
```
Input:
def get_device(num) -> str:
    """Select the device with number=num_device."""
    return '/device:TPU:{}'.format(num_device)

def convert_to_tensor(x, device=None):
    """Convert x to a Tensor, place it on the `device` if it is provided."""
    try:
        device = device or get_device(0)
        with tf.device(device):
            return tf.convert_to_tensor(x)
    except RuntimeError as e:
        # if no TPUs are available, this will raise an error.
        # Remove the guard and retry device:CPU:0.
        device = '/device:CPU:0'
        with tf.device(device):
            return tf.convert_to_tensor(x)

Output:
```

**Created Answer**:
Convert `x` to a `Tensor`, placed on the given `device` if available, otherwise placed on `CPU:0`.
899	Computes the rank of a tensor given its shape.
900	Alternative implementation of `tf.case` that attempts to statically evaluate conditions and execute the corresponding functions.
901	Return a context manager for an op scope.
902	Computes the standard deviation of a mixture distribution given the mixture weights, component means, and standard deviations.
903	Create a LinearOperator representing a lower triangular matrix by combining scale_tril, scale_diag, and scale_identity_multiplier with optional input validation and assertions.
904	Creates a `LinearOperator` representing a diagonal matrix with optional scaling and identity terms.
905	Utility method to infer distribution batch and event shapes from a location and scale by broadcasting the args.
906	Return `True` if `scale` is a `LinearOperator` known to be diagonal.
907	Checks the validity of a scalar distribution's properties and raises errors or appends assertions based on the validation arguments.
908	Pad dimensions of event tensors for mixture distributions.
909	Choose one of two values based on a scalar predicate, computing results statically when possible.
910	Moves a single tensor dimension within its shape.
911	Asserts that the input tensor `x` is non-negative and optionally contains only integer values.
912	A function that checks if two tensors have the same dynamic shape and returns a boolean tensor.
913	Helper which tries to return a static value from a TensorFlow tensor, optionally casting to a specific dtype. If not possible, returns None.
914	Helper function that returns True if the input data type is known to be unsigned.
915	Helper function checking if the provided TensorFlow datatype is known to be signed.
916	Return the largest integer exactly representable by dtype.
917	Helper function to return the smallest integer value exactly representable by the given data type.
918	Helper function to determine if a(dtype) is an integer or bool.
919	Ensure that categorical distribution parameters do not have too many classes that could cause precision loss during casting.
920	Compute the multinomial coefficient, which represents the number of ways to divide a set of items into groups of specified sizes.
921	Rearranges the dimensions of a tensor by circularly shifting them left or right.
922	Picks a tensor based on a boolean condition.
923	Determines the broadcasting shape of two tensors, either statically or dynamically, and returns it as a TensorShape or Tensor.
924	Entry point for the Protein Data Bank (PDB) file format parser, which reads a PDB file and returns a Bio.PDB.Structure object representing the parsed structure.
925	Create a matrix with values set above, below, and on the diagonal.
926	Return the size of a specific dimension in a tensor.
927	Validates quadrature grid and probs or computes them as necessary.
928	Returns a dictionary of the caller's function arguments, excluding variable arguments.
929	Transforms a 0-D or 1-D `Tensor` to be always 1-D.
930	Enforces the execution of `output_tensor` only after the completion of specified `dependencies` in TensorFlow.
931	Checks that `rightmost_transposed_ndims` is a valid integer scalar and non-negative.
932	Checks that `perm` is a valid permutation vector.
933	Computes the event shape after transformation, handling dynamic and static dimensions.
934	A new shape that concatanates the dimensions of `x` and `other`.
935	Returns a list of dimensions sizes for the given object, or `None` if the rank is unknown.
936	Combines the information in `x` and `other` elementwise to create a new shape.
937	Returns a shape based on the input with at least the specified rank.
938	Check that source and target shape match, statically if possible.
939	Augment a sample shape to broadcast batch dimensions of a distribution.
940	Build a callable to perform one step for backward smoothing. The callable updates a BackwardPassState from timestep `t` to `t-1`.
941	Compute the 1-step backward smoothed distribution parameter for a Kalman smoother.
942	Return callable that performs one step of Kalman filtering based on given transition and observation functions.
943	Perform a conjugate update for a linear Gaussian model to compute the posterior mean, covariance, and predictive distribution.
944	Propagates a filtered distribution through a transition model to predict the next mean and covariance.
945	Builds a callable that performs one step of Kalman mean recursion.
946	Build a callable for one step of Kalman covariance recursion.
947	Build a callable for one step of Kalman sampling recursion, which includes sampling the latent state and observation at time `t` given the latent state at time `t-1`.
948	Propagates a mean through a linear Gaussian transformation.
949	Propagate covariance through linear Gaussian transformation
950	Run the backward pass in a Kalman smoother using the Rauch, Tung and Striebel algorithm.
951	Draws a joint sample from the prior over latents and observations over a sequence of timesteps.
952	Run a Kalman smoother to return posterior mean and cov.
953	Compute prior means for all variables via dynamic programming.
954	The method computes prior covariance matrices for latent states and observations using dynamic programming.
955	Pushes latent means and covariances through an observation model to generate observation means and covariances.
956	Computes the log-normalizer of the von Mises-Fisher distribution.
957	Computes the mode of a von Mises-Fisher distribution by adding the mean direction to a zero tensor broadcasted to the appropriate shape.
958	Applies a Householder rotation to samples.
959	Sample from a 3D Von Mises-Fisher distribution.
960	Create a deep copy of a callable function.
961	Removes dictionary keys that have the specified value.
962	Recursively replace `dict`s with `_PrettyDict`.
963	Check arguments and return samples using either a distribution and a number of samples or a predefined sample.
964	decide whether a given object is like a namedtuple by checking if it has `_fields` and accessible attributes
965	Chooses between two values based on a condition, expanding dimensions as necessary to match shapes.
966	Helper function that expands the dimensions of `is_accepted` and applies `tf.where`.
967	Elementwise adds list members, replacing non-finite results with alt_value.
968	A helper function to compute the value and gradients of a function `fn` with respect to its arguments `fn_arg_list`.
969	Calls a function and computes its gradients with respect to the input arguments.
970	Construct a for loop, prefers Python loop if `n` is statically known, otherwise uses TensorFlow `tf.while_loop`.
971	A simplified version of `tf.scan` that has configurable tracing.
972	Wrap a setter to apply to the inner-most results in `kernel_results`.
973	Wrap a getter to apply it to the inner-most results in `kernel_results`.
974	Recursively sets the `store_parameters_in_results` parameter to `True` for the given kernel and its inner kernels.
975	Replaces the rightmost dimensions in a tensor's shape with a new set of dimensions based on the input event shape and event shape to replace.
976	Replace the event shape dims of a `TensorShape` with a new event shape.
977	Check that a shape Tensor is int-type and otherwise sane.
978	Condition to stop when any batch member converges, or all have failed.
979	Performs an initial convergence check and the first evaluation of the objective function, returning a dictionary with the results.
980	Performs a line search step in the BFGS optimization algorithm using the Hager-Zhang line search procedure to find a suitable step size along a given search direction and updates the state accordingly.
981	Restricts a multivariate function to a given direction and computes the restricted function's value, derivative, and full gradient.
982	Updates the state of an optimization algorithm by advancing its position, checking for convergence, and handling failed iterations.
983	Check if the algorithm satisfies the convergence criteria based on gradient, position, and function value changes.
984	Broadcast a value to match the batching dimensions of a target tensor.
985	Return the analytic continuation of the harmonic number for the input.
986	Default exchange proposal function for replica exchange MC.
987	Retrieve a field from `kernel_results` or its `accepted_results`.
988	Get list of TensorArrays holding exchanged states, and zeros.
989	Compute a shared scale term for variance and covariance calculations in a TensorFlow model.
990	Function to apply a list of Bijectors' `log_det_jacobian`s to a list of state parts.
991	Create a function that applies a list of Bijectors' `forward`s to the input.
992	Creates a function that applies the inverse of a list of Bijectors to a list of state parts.
993	Runs one iteration of a Transformed Kernel, updating the state and producing kernel results.
994	Performs a conditional selection similar to tf.where, but is compatible with namedtuple types as well.
995	Performs the secant square procedure of Hager Zhang to update the endpoints of a search interval for finding a root, using intermediate points generated through secant interpolation, and checks for Wolfe conditions.
996	Helper function for secant square optimization algorithm.
997	Helper function for secant-square step in optimization.
998	Squeezes a bracketing interval containing the minimum by finding a smaller nested interval that also brackets the minimum.
999	Brackets the minimum given an initial starting point.
1000	Bisects an interval and updates to satisfy opposite slope conditions.
1001	Implement the bisect algorithm to find a minimum within a bracket.
1002	Checks if the supplied values are finite.
1003	Checks whether the Wolfe or approx Wolfe conditions are satisfied for an inexact line search algorithm.
1004	Returns a scalar real `Tensor` with an approximation to the point at which the derivative of a function vanishes, using the secant method based on two points with known function and derivative values.
1005	Create a function implementing a step-size update policy for adaptive MCMC algorithms.
1006	Applies one step of the leapfrog integrator to the given state in a Hamiltonian Monte Carlo algorithm.
1007	Computes the log acceptance-correction for the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm in the context of uncalibrated Hamiltonian Monte Carlo.
1008	Runs one iteration of Hamiltonian Monte Carlo, updating the state and kernel results accordingly.
1009	Creates initial `previous_kernel_results` using a supplied `state` and optionally updates the step size using `step_size_update_fn`.
1010	Constructs a Bayesian ResNet18 model with specified input shape, number of classes, and kernel posterior parameters.
1011	Network block for ResNet.
1012	Create an encoder function that maps a bag-of-words Tensor to a distribution over topics using a neural network with specified layer sizes and activation functions.
1013	Create a decoder function that maps encodings to a distribution over words.
1014	Create a prior distribution for a Dirichlet distribution with a given number of topics and initial value.
1015	Implements Markov chain Monte Carlo via repeated `TransitionKernel` steps.
1016	A multi-layered topic model that generates a Poisson-distributed count matrix based on gamma-distributed latent variables.
1017	Creates a learnable deterministic distribution over positive reals with a minimum location.
1018	Learnable Gamma distribution via concentration and scale parameterization.
1019	Load the NIPS 2011 conference papers and return the bag of words representation and list of words.
1020	Sets the common data type of the parameters and validates them if required.
1021	Utility method to retrieve the KL function registered for two given classes based on their method resolution orders (MROs).
1022	Returns an image tensor from a file.
1023	Downloads the sprites data and returns the saved filepath.
1024	Creates a character sprite by combining attribute sprites with transparency masks.
1025	Create a sequence tensor from a character sprite tensor and action metadata by extracting patches of frames in a specified direction and desired length.
1026	Creates a random sequence by generating a random starting point within the action metadata and using it to create the sequence.
1027	Create a TensorFlow dataset pipeline for the Sprites dataset.
1028	Checks that `distributions` satisfies all assumptions.
1029	Flattens a list of kernels by replacing any `_SumKernel` instances with their `kernels` property contents.
1030	Flattens a list of kernels by replacing any _ProductKernel instances with their `kernels` property contents.
1031	Builds fake CIFAR10-style data for unit testing.
1032	Counts the number of occurrences of each value in an integer array `arr` along specified dimensions.
1033	Bin values into discrete intervals based on given edges.
1034	Count how often a  numeric `Tensor` falls into intervals defined by `edges`
1035	Computes quantiles of a tensor along a specified axis using a given number of intervals and interpolation method.
1036	This function returns the static number of dimensions of a tensor `x` and asserts that the tensor's dimensions meet certain expectations.
1037	Insert the dims in `axis` back as singletons after being removed.
1038	Convert possibly negatively indexed axis to a non-negative list of ints.
1039	Move dimensions corresponding to `axis` in `x` to the end and flatten the resulting tensor.
1040	Sort a tensor along its last dimension using `top_k`.
1041	Builds an ordered list of Distribution instances for component models, corresponding to the given parameters and initial step.
1042	This function calculates the Amari-alpha Csiszar-function in log-space, which is a member of the set of convex functions.
1043	Return the reverse Kullback-Leibler Csiszar-function in log-space.
1044	Jensen-Shannon Csiszar-function in log-space.
1045	Calculate a Csiszar-function in log-space using the Pearson function formula.
1046	Return the value of the Squared-Hellinger Csiszar-function in log-space.
1047	Calculate the Triangular Csiszar-function in log-space.
1048	Evaluates the T-Power Csiszar-function in log-space, either self-normalized or not, based on the given `t` value.
1049	Compute the Log1p-Abs Csiszar-function in log-space.
1050	Calculate the Jeffreys Csiszar-function in log-space.
1051	Modified-GAN Csiszar-function in log-space.
1052	Calculates the dual Csiszar-function in log-space.
1053	Symmetrizes a Csiszar-function in log-space by averaging its value and its dual function evaluated at the reciprocal of the input.
1054	Approximates the Csiszar f-Divergence using a Monte Carlo method.
1055	Computes `log_avg_u` and `log_sooavg_u` helper to `csiszar_vimco`; these are natural-log of the average of `u` and characterizing by the natural-log of the average of `u` except that the average swaps-out `u[i]` for the leave-`i`-out Geometric-average respectively.
1056	Assert that Tensor x has the expected number of dimensions.
1057	This method implements a batch gather operation with broadcasting to the left of the specified axis in the parameters tensor.
1058	Broadcasts the event or distribution parameters to be compatible in shape.
1059	Perform importance sampling in log-space using given log-functions and sampling distribution.
1060	Broadcasts the `event` or `samples` to a compatible shape by adding singleton dimensions where necessary.
1061	Applies the BFGS algorithm to minimize a differentiable function.
1062	Computes control inputs to validate that the provided inverse Hessian is positive definite and symmetric, returning assertions for those conditions.
1063	Update the BFGS inverse Hessian estimate by computing the next inverse Hessian estimate, if necessary.
1064	Apply the BFGS update to the inverse Hessian estimate.
1065	Computes the right matrix-vector product of a batched matrix and vector, supporting dynamic shapes and returning the result with matching batch dimensions.
1066	Computes the outer product of two possibly batched tensors.
1067	Transpose a possibly batched matrix.
1068	Adds `ndims` ones to the right side of a tensor's shape, optionally creating a new tensor if necessary, while preserving the static shape if possible.
1069	Return a tensor with the right-most `ndims` dimensions summed, preserving the shape of the input tensor as much as possible.
1070	A function to compute the square root of a tensor with a finite gradient at zero.
1071	Return common dtype of arg_list, or None.
1072	Applies the L-BFGS algorithm to perform unconstrained minimization of a differentiable function.
1073	Create LBfgsOptimizerResults with initial state of search procedure.
1074	Computes the search direction to follow at the current state using the L-BFGS two-loop recursion algorithm.
1075	Creates a zero-filled `tf.Tensor` capable of holding `k` elements of the same shape and data type as the given `element`.
1076	Conditionally push new vectors into a batch of first-in-first-out queues based on a boolean update mask.
1077	Computes whether each square matrix in the input is positive semi-definite.
1078	Returns a mask indicating whether the determinants of the input matrices are greater than the given bounds.
1079	Generates a batch of random symmetric matrix with values between -1 and 1, where the diagonal elements are set to 1.
1080	Returns rejection samples from trying to get good correlation matrices.
1081	Compute a confidence interval for the mean of a Bernoulli-distributed binary variable using the Clopper-Pearson method.
1082	Estimates confidence intervals for the volumes of correlation matrices with determinants greater than or equal to specified bounds using the Clopper-Pearson method.
1083	Computes the von Mises CDF and its derivative via series expansion.
1084	Computes the von Mises CDF and its derivative using a Normal approximation.
1085	Performs one step of the differential evolution algorithm to generate the next population and their function values.
1086	Applies the Differential evolution algorithm to minimize a function.
1087	Processes initial arguments for an optimization problem, converting inputs into tensors and handling list inputs.
1088	Finds the population member with the lowest value and returns it along with the value.
1089	Check whether the convergence criteria have been met based on function tolerance and position tolerance.
1090	Constructs the initial population by adding random normal noise to the initial position if the initial population is not provided.
1091	Performs binary crossover recombination for a population of tensors, combining elements from the population and mutants based on a crossover probability and forcing at least one crossover in each component.
1092	Computes the mutated vectors for each population member based on the given mixing indices and differential weight.
1093	Generates and returns an array of indices for use in a mutation operation in differential evolution, ensuring no overlap and that each row does not include the row's index.
1094	Converts the input argument to a list if it is not already a list or tuple, and returns a tuple containing the resulting list and a boolean indicating whether the original argument was a list or tuple.
1095	Returns a Tensor of type `dtype`, 0 if `tol` is None, and validates it if `validate_args` is True.
1096	Apply the soft thresholding operator to a tensor.
1097	use `tf.clip_by_value` to clip values and `tf.stop_gradient` to preserve gradient
1098	Build a TensorFlow data pipeline to generate batches of training images.
1099	Save a synthetic image as a PNG file.
1100	Converts a sequence of one-hot encoded production rules into a string of terminal symbols by greedily unrolling nonterminal symbols.
1101	Method to generate a sequence of productions using a model, where each production is represented as a one-hot vector.
1102	Runs the model forward to return a stochastic encoding given inputs.
1103	Calculate the integral of a "hat" function for sampling purposes, where the function is defined as \( h(x) = x^{-(power)} \) and the integral \( H(x) = \int_x^\infty h(t) dt \).
1104	Compute the inverse of the `_hat_integral` function using TensorFlow operations.
1105	Compute the rank of a matrix; the number of non-zero singular values.
1106	Compute the Moore-Penrose pseudo-inverse of a matrix using its singular-value decomposition (SVD) and including all large singular values.
1107	solves linear equations given LU factorizations
1108	Computes the inverse of a matrix given its LU decomposition.
1109	Returns list of assertions related to `lu_reconstruct` assumptions.
1110	Returns list of assertions related to `lu_solve` assumptions.
1111	Explanation of the provided code snippet:

The function `_sparse_block_diag` takes a batch of SparseTensors `sp_a` and returns a block diagonal rank 2 SparseTensor by lineing up each [M, N] batch of `sp_a` along the diagonal, effectively creating a block-diagonal matrix.

In summary:

The function `_sparse_block_diag` constructs a block diagonal matrix from a batch of SparseTensors by lining up each batch along the diagonal.
1112	Checks that input is a `float` matrix with at least 2 dimensions.
1113	Calculate the negative log-likelihood gradient and Fisher information matrix for a generalized linear model given the model matrix, linear response, and response vector.
1114	Fits a Generalized Linear Model (GLM) using coordinate-wise FIM-informed proximal gradient descent with L1 and L2 regularization.
1115	Generate slices for building an autoregressive mask.
1116	Given the number of blocks, input size, output size, and mask type, generate a binary mask for building an autoregressive dense layer.
1117	Construct an autoregressively masked dense layer that applies a mask to the weight matrix, ensuring dependencies between units in the output are respected, similar to the MADE (Masked Autoencoder for Distribution Estimation) architecture.
1118	Returns a degree vector for the input based on the specified order.
1119	Returns a list of degree vectors for input and hidden layers based on specified order and degree assignment methods.
1120	Returns a list of binary mask matrices enforcing autoregressivity.
1121	Returns a masked version of the given initializer.
1122	Defines the architecture of an autoregressive neural network layer, including setting up input and hidden layers, constructing masks for autoregressive constraints, and building the layer sequentially.
1123	Converts input tensor to the appropriate shape for processing by the RNN and returns the output of the RNN after concatenating the sequence length dimension.
1124	Sample a multinomial distribution with given number of samples, classes, logits, and trials.
1125	Builds a zero-dimensional MultivariateNormalDiag object with dummy values.
1126	Wrapper for building an observation noise function that observes a Tensor timeseries
1127	Build regression weights from model parameters.
1128	Computes the number of edges on the longest path from each node to the root in the graph.
1129	Organizes a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) into a topologically sorted tuple of name-parent pairs, ensuring unvisited nodes are explored recursively.
1130	Utility method to flatten dists for effective JDSeq
1131	Builds distribution functions and related attributes from a probabilistic model.
1132	Compute the negative variational lower bound for the VGP given observations and index points.
1133	Optimally computes the variational location and scale for a Gaussian Process Variational Gaussian Process (VGP) model.
1134	Build a utility method to determine if the current step is the last day of any season, given the number of steps per season.
1135	Builds change-of-basis matrices for constrained seasonal effects, transforming seasonal effects into residuals and projecting them onto the subspace where the mean effect is zero.
1136	Builds a function to compute transitions for a seasonal effect model, optionally transforming the transition matrix into a reparameterized space.
1137	Return the transition noise model for a SeasonalStateSpaceModel.
1138	Builds a transition noise distribution for a ConstrainedSeasonalSSM, modifying the seasonal transition noise based on whether it is the last day of the season.
1139	Returns `True` if given observation data is empty, either because both `observation_index_points` and `observations` are `None`, or because the shape of `observation_index_points` indicates no observations.
1140	Ensures that observation data and locations have consistent shapes.
1141	Add a learning rate scheduler to the contained `schedules`
1142	Configure checkpoint settings, including the interval for writing snapshots, the path to write snapshots, and whether to overwrite existing snapshots.
1143	Configures constant clipping settings with a minimum and maximum value.
1144	Optimizes the model using the specified optimization function and returns a Layer object.
1145	Set a train summary for the optimizer to manage logging and retrieval.
1146	Set validation summary for the optimizer.
1147	This function creates an optimizer for a neural network model, which can be either a local or distributed optimizer depending on the type of training set provided.
1148	Sets a new training dataset for optimizer reuse.
1149	Sets the interval of recording for each indicator.
1150	Reads MNIST data from a specified directory or downloads it if not present, and returns the features and labels for the training or testing set.
1151	Given a directory containing news data, this function either parses the existing data or downloads it if the directory is empty, and returns a list of (tokens, label) pairs.
1152	Parses or downloads pre-trained GloVe word2vec embeddings if the source directory is empty and returns a dictionary mapping words to their.vector representations.
1153	This configures the learning process by setting the optimization method, loss function, and validation metrics for a model, which must be done before calling fit or evaluate.
1154	Trains a model for a fixed number of epochs on a dataset using distributed or local mode.
1155	Evaluates a model on a given dataset in distributed mode.
1156	Predicts the output of a model based on input data, using distributed or local computation depending on the 'distributed' parameter.
1157	Reads the MNIST dataset and parallelizes the data into RDDs.
1158	Preprocess MNIST dataset by normalizing, transforming into Sample of RDDs, and returning train and test data.
1159	When to end the optimization based on input option.
1160	Set validation and checkpoint for distributed optimizer.
1161	Return the broadcasted value.
1162	Call API in PythonBigDL.
1163	Calls a Java function with the provided arguments and returns the result.
1164	Converts a Python RDD into a JavaRDD of objects by unpickling and serializing each object using Pyrolite.
1165	Converts a Python object into its Java equivalent.
1166	Factory that converts a given activation name to a corresponding BigDL activation layer.
1167	Convert a NumPy ndarray to a DenseTensor for use in Java-side computations.
1168	Retrieves the label as a NumPy array from an ImageFeature.
1169	Reads a parquet file as a DistributedImageFrame.
1170	Write ImageFrame as parquet file.
1171	Retrieve an image from the ImageFrame, optionally converting it from CHW format.
1172	get image list from ImageFrame.
1173	Converts a distributed image frame to an RDD of label tensors and then maps each tensor to a NumPy array.
1174	Return an RDD containing predictions from the ImageFrame.
1175	Method for generating output predictions for input samples, supporting both local and distributed modes.
1176	Optimize a model by the given options for both local and distributed training modes.
1177	Apply a transformation to the images in the input column and store the result in the output columns.
1178	Save a Keras model definition to JSON with the given path.
1179	Define a convnet model in Keras 1.2.2.
1180	Returns the predicted labels for the given dataRDD.
1181	Sets weights for a layer, handling different layer types and validating input dimensions.
1182	Returns a list of numpy arrays representing the weights and bias for the layer.
1183	Serializes a BigDL model to TensorFlow protobuf files with specified input placeholders, path, byte order, and data format.
1184	Sets the layer in training mode or prediction mode based on the is_training parameter.
1185	Loads a pre-trained Torch model.
1186	Load a pre-trained Keras model from given JSON and HDF5 paths.
1187	Creates a Python Criterion by wrapping a Java criterion object.
1188	Load weights into a model from a JSON definition and HDF5 weights file.
1189	Loads the IMDB dataset and transforms the input data into an RDD of Sample.
1190	Define and return a recurrent convolutional model using Keras 1.2.2.
1191	Return a list of shape tuples for multiple inputs or one shape tuple for a single input.
1192	Return the shape of the output from the BigDL model.
1193	Returns the MNIST dataset with feature and label as ndarray, where the location to store the MNIST dataset can be specified.
1194	Reads and processes MovieLens 1M dataset from the given directory.
1195	Returns the jar path for bigdl if it exists; otherwise, returns an empty string.
1196	Check if the installed Spark version is below 2.2.
1197	Export variable tensors from the checkpoint files.
1198	Save a dictionary of tensors to a Java object file for use by BigDL.
1199	Expand and tile a tensor along a specified axis.
1200	Collects possible continuations of length <= n for every node in a trie.
1201	Computes weighted sum of memory elements using simple attention mechanism with optional dropout and masking.
1202	Computes a weighted sum of inputs based on a state and attention mechanism, returning both the result and attention weights.
1203	Compute the BLEU score for translated segments against one or more references.
1204	Return an opened file object for writing dialog logs with a timestamp in the filename.
1205	Logs a single dialog utterance to the current dialog log file with the specified parameters.
1206	Generates summary operations for the magnitude of gradient updates based on the given gradients, optimizer, and learning rate.
1207	Dumps the trained weights from a model to a HDF5 file.
1208	Read data from a dataset using a specified dataset reader based on the configuration.
1209	Train and evaluate a model using configuration settings, iterators, and optional parameters.
1210	Exchange messages between basic pipelines and the Yandex.Dialogs service, handling responses and converting them to JSON.
1211	Convert labels to one-hot vectors for multi-class multi-label classification.
1212	Convert vectors of probabilities to one-hot representations using a confident threshold.
1213	Configure a TensorFlow session for a specific device with GPU options set for growth and visibility.
1214	Checks if a model file exists and loads it if present
1215	Extract values of momentum variables (`rho` or `beta_1`) from the optimizer.
1216	Updates the graph variables for learning rate and momentum if provided.
1217	Calculate the rounded macro F1 score for the given true and predicted values.
1218	Converts a word to a tuple of symbols, optionally converts it to lowercase and adds capitalization label.
1219	Stacks multiple CNN layers with options for batch normalization, dilation, and L2 regularization.
1220	Build and return the output of a bidirectional recurrent neural network (RNN) with either GRU or LSTM cells.
1221	Stacks recurrent neural networks with multiple hidden layers using bidirectional GRU or LSTM cells, outputting the final state of the network.
1222	Creates a stacked highway convolutional neural network with optional batch normalization and dilation.
1223	Creates an embedding layer for token indices using a given embedding matrix or a randomly initialized one.
1224	This function implements a fast CuDNN GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) using TensorFlow.
1225	CuDNN compatible GRU implementation that loads models saved with CudnnGRUCell and runs on CPU.
1226	Fast implementation of a CuDNN LSTM in TensorFlow, capable of handling variable sequence lengths and providing both all hidden states and the last hidden and cell states.
1227	It implements a CuDNN compatible LSTM, which can be used to load models saved with CudnnLSTMCell to run on CPU.
1228	Implements a fast, bidirectional GRU (Gated Recurrent Unit) using CuDNN with support for trainable initial states and reusable variables.
1229	Returns the hidden states and cell states of a bidirectional LSTM network using the CuDNN library.
1230	Fast CuDNN implementation of stacked bidirectional GRU with optional dropout and output concatenation.
1231	Applies dropout to a tensor while maintaining the same dropout mask along specified dimensions.
1232	Builds a neural network model using Keras.
1233	Builds a word-level CNN network with multiple convolutional layers and highway connections.
1234	Creates a basic neural network architecture by processing word embeddings through LSTM layers with dropout and transforming them into intermediate outputs using a dense layer.
1235	Trains model on a single batch of word sequences and their corresponding correct tag sequences using the `train_on_batch` method of the `model_` attribute.
1236	Makes predictions on a batch of word sequences and returns the label sequences, optionally with tag indexes or tags themselves.
1237	Transforms a sentence into a 3D numpy array representation suitable for network input.
1238	Transforms a sentence of tags into a 2D NumPy array with tag indices.
1239	Returns the advanced BLEU score by applying brevity penalty if enabled.
1240	Verify if a signature certificate URL is valid according to Amazon Alexa's requirements.
1241	Extracts pycrypto X509 objects from SSL certificates chain string.
1242	Verifies if the Amazon and additional certificates form a chain of trust to a root CA.
1243	Verifies the authenticity of an Alexa request using a given signature and certificate.
1244	Verifies an Alexa SSL certificate against Amazon requirements, returns the certificate if successful, or None if any verification steps fail.
1245	Return a list of JSON-compatible states for the RichMessage instance's nested controls.
1246	Returns a list of MS Bot Framework compatible states for the RichMessage instance's nested controls.
1247	Return a list of Telegram compatible states for nested controls in a RichMessage instance.
1248	Return a list of Amazon Alexa compatible states for the RichMessage instance's nested controls.
1249	Process and update the settings path for DeepPavlov based on the provided arguments.
1250	Wrapper function to execute another function within a TensorFlow graph context.
1251	Wrap a function with a TensorFlow graph and session.
1252	Calculates the accuracy of predictions by measuring the portion of samples that are absolutely coincidental.
1253	Computes the accuracy of rounded predictions compared to true values
1254	Initialize variables in a pretrained language model with weights loaded from a file.
1255	Raises an exception indicating the method is not implemented.
1256	Factory that creates an agent capable of handling simple greetings using PatternMatchingSkills and HighestConfidenceSelector.
1257	Converts an array of integers to an array of one-hot encoded vectors.
1258	Round the values of a list of metrics to a specified precision and return as an OrderedDict.
1259	Populates the settings directory with default settings files, optionally replacing existing ones if force is True.
1260	Load model parameters from self.load_path while excluding optimizer variables.
1261	Save model parameters to self.save_path, excluding specified scopes.
1262	Get train operation for given loss, including optimizer, learning rate, clip norm, and learnable scopes.
1263	Finds dictionary words within a given word, considering a d-window and allowing spaces if specified.
1264	Sets default operation costs for replacements, insertions, deletions, and transpositions, with optional allowance for spaces.
1265	Initiates a self-destruct timer for the object.
1266	Routes Alexa requests to appropriate handlers and returns a response.
1267	Infers DeepPavlov agent with raw user input extracted from Alexa request and returns agent response.
1268	Populates generated response with additional data from Alexa request specification.
1269	Handles an Alexa IntentRequest by checking the intent name and slot, generating a response using an agent, and conforming it to the Alexa response specification.
1270	Handles an Alexa LaunchRequest by returning a response with an output speech and a card containing a start message from the configuration.
1271	Alexa request handler for unsupported types.
1272	Define pretty printing rules for ``Struct`` in iPython.
1273	Calculates perplexity based on the average loss.
1274	Builds and returns a model from a configuration file, optionally loading trained components and handling serialized data.
1275	Start interacting with a model using a configuration file, taking input for each model input, and printing the model predictions.
1276	A function that reads data from a file or standard input, makes predictions using a model, and prints the results.
1277	Reads a file in CONLL-U format and returns a list of sentences with word and tag sequences.
1278	Returns a function object with the name given in string.
1279	Register a metric function with a given name, and ensure that the name is unique within a registry.
1280	Returns a metric callable by name from a registry, raising an error if not found.
1281	Converts a string label representing a decay type to a corresponding special index.
1282	Find the best value from a list of values based on corresponding losses, considering maximum and minimum divergence thresholds.
1283	Encode a text sample by embedding its tokens and returns either a list of embeddings or the mean embedding if specified.
1284	Parses requirements from requirements.txt.
1285	Calculates log loss for a set of predicted values compared to true values.
1286	Exports a TF-Hub module from a weight file.
1287	Format catalog item output
1288	Create an Ecommerce agent with a specified skill model.
1289	Parse parameters and run MS Bot Framework server.
1290	Download a file from a URL to one or several target locations, optionally force downloading even if files already exist.
1291	Extract files from a tar archive to a specified or default folder.
1292	Download and extract a .tar.gz or .gz file to one or several target locations, with optional caching.
1293	Recursively updates the `editable_dict` with the key-value pairs from `editing_dict`, creating nested dictionaries as necessary.
1294	Method appends '.md5' to the given URL path and returns the modified URL.
1295	Given a URL, set or replace a query parameter and return the modified URL.
1296	Returns an Amazon Alexa compatible state of the PlainText instance with populated "outputSpeech" and "card" sections.
1297	Return json compatible state of the Button instance.
1298	Transform a Button instance into an MS Bot Framework compatible state.
1299	Returns a JSON-compatible representation of the ButtonsFrame instance, including all nested buttons.
1300	Converts the ButtonsFrame instance to a dictionary-compatible with MS Bot Framework, including buttons and optional text in a RichCard.
1301	Computes the F-1 score between true and predicted answers for a list of questions.
1302	Calculates the recall at k ranking metric, which measures the proportion of true positives correctly retrieved within the top k predictions.
1303	Return True if at least one GPU is available.
1304	Recursively apply config's variable values to its property.
1305	Read and parse a configuration file or dictionary, replacing variables with their values and applying the parsed properties.
1306	Converts a relative path to an absolute path by resolving the user directory.
1307	Factory that creates and returns Component objects from corresponding dictionary of parameters.
1308	Method to handle requests in a loop, process them, and put the responses in an output queue.
1309	Deletes a Conversation instance based on the provided conversation key.
1310	Conducts periodic cleanup of expired certificates and schedules the next cleanup.
1311	Conducts a series of Alexa request verifications against Amazon Alexa requirements and returns True if verification was successful, False if not.
1312	Alexa request handling.
1313	Returns a class object with the name given as a string.
1314	Register classes for initialization from JSON configuration, with optional name conversion and registry management.
1315	_returns a class object for a given model name, optionally converting a string to a class using `cls_from_str` if necessary._
1316	Extracts and returns the regularization path, including lambdas, explained deviance, and coefficients, from a GLM model.
1317	Create a custom GLM model using the given coefficients and source model.
1318	Create H2OCluster object from a list of key-value pairs.
1319	Shut down an H2O server by checking if it's running, optionally prompting the user, and then making a REST API call to shut it down if confirmed.
1320	Determine if the H2O cluster is running or not.
1321	Prints current H2O cluster status information, including up time, total nodes, free memory, total cores, cluster health, and detailed node information if requested.
1322	Lists all jobs performed by the cluster and returns a table with details about each job.
1323	Return the list of all known timezones
1324	Update information in this object from another H2OCluster instance.
1325	Extract and convert metalearner parameters from a dictionary, handling single-parameter lists.
1326	Repeatedly calls a test function to check if it returns True, retries if it doesn't, and raises an exception if the timeout is reached.
1327	Return the summary for a single column in a H2O frame
1328	Delete a frame on the H2O cluster, given its key.
1329	Retrieve information about model builders known to an H2O cluster.
1330	Validate H2O model parameters for a given algorithm and training frame.
1331	Base method for retrieving model metrics from a H2O cluster.
1332	Retrieve a list of model metrics with optional timeout.
1333	Delete a model on the h2o cluster, given its key.
1334	Converts cached data and column names into a pretty tabulated string.
1335	EC2 tool to run instances with the specified parameters.
1336	Terminate all instances given by their IDs in a specified region.
1337	Stop all instances given by their IDs in the specified region.
1338	Start all the instances given by their IDs in the specified region.
1339	Reboots EC2 instances by their IDs in a specified region.
1340	Waits for SSH service to appear on given hosts.
1341	Return fully qualified function name by attempting to find the "full name" of the given function object, either in the form "<class name>.<method name>" or "<module name>.<func name>" if it's a class method or regular function, respectively.
1342	Given a frame and a compiled function code, this utility function finds the corresponding function object within the frame or its global scope, by searching through objects in the preceding local frame or its corresponding module attributes.
1343	Returns a string representation of a function's declared arguments, with optional highlighting.
1344	Word-wrap a piece of text if it exceeds a specified line length.
1345	Wait until job's completion and resolve the model.
1346	Trains the H2O model using specified parameters including training data, validation data, and various control options like maximum runtime and verbosity.
1347	Fits an H2O model as part of a scikit-learn pipeline or grid search, with warnings for usage outside the sklearn framework.
1348	Obtain parameters for this estimator, including parameters of sub-objects if specified.
1349	Signal handler.Catches signal, prints message, terminates runner.
1350	Given an output directory, it is wiped.
1351	This function removes sandbox directories named "Rsandbox" under a specified parent directory using the appropriate command for the operating system, and prints an error message and exits if it fails.
1352	Look at the stdout log and figure out which port the JVM chose.
1353	Look at the stdout log and wait until a cluster of the proper size is formed, then exit if this fails after a maximum number of retries.
1354	Normal node shutdown, ignoring failures for now.
1355	Normal cluster shutdown.
1356	This method retrieves and returns an IP address to communicate with a cluster.
1357	Return a port to use to talk to this cluster.
1358	Returns the coordinates of the ROC curve for a given set of data.
1359	Determines the vec_size for a pre-trained model after verifying its basic structure.
1360	Calculate the mean absolute error between actual and predicted responses.
1361	Calculate the mean squared error between actual and predicted values for regression analysis.
1362	Calculate the median absolute error regression loss between actual and predicted values.
1363	Explained variance regression score function that calculates the proportion of variance in the actual response that is predictable from the predicted response.
1364	Asserts that the argument has the specified type, raising an H2OTypeError if it does not.
1365	Assert that a string variable matches a provided regular expression, raising an error if it does not.
1366	Asserts that a variable satisfies a given condition, raising an H2OValueError with a custom message if the condition is not met.
1367	This function retrieves the variable name from the stack trace when an assertion error occurs in the assert_is_type() function.
1368	Determines if a given variable is of the specified type.
1369	Return the name of the provided type.
1370	Attempt to find the source code of the `lambda_fn` within the string `src`.
1371	Return True if the variable does not match any of the types, and False otherwise.
1372	Check whether the provided value is a valid enum constant.
1373	Retrieve the application configuration as a dictionary of key-value pairs.
1374	Attempts to find, parse, and store config variables in ``self._config`` from candidate log files, logging errors for invalid keys or syntax.
1375	Generate possible locations for the .h2oconfig file, one at a time.
1376	Executes a progress bar by continuously querying a progress function, updating the progress bar, and rendering the latest progress until it reaches 100%.
1377	Save the current model progress and update the next poll time based on the given result and current timestamp.
1378	Recalculate model parameters based on current progress and time until end.
1379	Estimate the expected completion time of a process based on recent progress data, ensuring that it does not return time moments less than the next poll time if the actual progress is below 100%.
1380	Determine the next poll interval for querying progress status.
1381	Calculate the modelled progress state (position and velocity) for a given time moment based on initial conditions and a decay function.
1382	Return the projected time when progress level `x_target` will be reached using Newton method.
1383	Prints the rendered string to the stdout, optionally moving to a new line or resetting cursor position.
1384	Compute widget sizes for initial rendering stage, accounting for flexible widgets and file mode.
1385	Attempts to find and return the current terminal's width in characters by checking various methods including shell command `stty`, `ioctl`, and the `COLUMNS` environment variable, with a default width of 80 characters.
1386	Determine the appropriate bar symbols for a widget based on the specified encoding.
1387	Returns a mapping of column names to encoding maps for those columns using an H2OFrame.
1388	Retrieves an existing H2OFrame from the H2O cluster using the frame's id.
1389	Reloads frame information from the backend H2O server.
1390	Method for retrieving the data type of a specified column in an H2O dataframe.
1391	Extract columns of a specified type from a frame.
1392	Display summary information about the H2OFrame, including min/mean/max/sigma, and return a dictionary of the summary output if requested.
1393	Generate an in-depth description of the H2OFrame, including dimensions, column details, and optionally chunk and distribution summaries.
1394	Return a new H2OFrame with the first `rows` and `cols` elements of the current frame.
1395	Multiplies the current H2OFrame by another matrix and returns the result as a new H2OFrame.
1396	Get the factor levels and return them as a list of lists, where each sublist contains the levels for a column.
1397	This function returns the number of levels for each categorical column in a dataset.
1398	A method to set all column values to a specific level in an H2OFrame.
1399	Replace the levels of a categorical column with new levels and return a new H2OFrame with the updated levels.
1400	Change names of columns in the frame based on a dictionary of transformations.
1401	Change names of all columns in the frame
1402	Sets a new name for a specified column in a frame, handling different input types and validating the new name.
1403	Check if elements of an H2OFrame are contained in a given item and return a new H2OFrame with 0s and 1s indicating the presence of the item.
1404	Builds a fold assignments column for cross-validation by assigning rows to folds based on their row number modulo `n_folds`.
1405	Builds a stratified K-fold column with the same class distribution for each fold.
1406	Compactly display the internal structure of an H2OFrame.
1407	Converts the dataset to a pandas DataFrame or a nested list based on the specified parameters.
1408	Return an H2OFrame containing the column dropped from the current frame, and modify the current frame in-place by losing the column.
1409	Computes quantiles for a given column, using optional probabilities and weights.
1410	Concatenate multiple H2OFrames column-wise or row-wise.
1411	Append data to the current H2OFrame column-wise.
1412	Append data to this frame row-wise.
1413	Split a frame into distinct subsets of size determined by the given ratios using probabilistic splitting method.
1414	Return a new ``GroupBy`` object grouping by specified columns.
1415	Returns a new Frame that fills NA values in a specified direction and within a given maximum length along a specified axis.
1416	Imputes missing values in a DataFrame using a specified method and optionally by grouping.
1417	This function merges two datasets based on common column names, with options to include all rows from either dataset and specify a merge method.
1418	Reorder levels of an H2O factor for one single column of a H2O frame.
1419	Insertion of missing values into a H2O dataset, modifying it in-place.
1420	Computes the variance-covariance matrix of one or two H2OFrames, handling missing values according to specified parameters.
1421	Computes the correlation matrix of one or two H2OFrames, handling missing values according to specified parameters.
1422	Computes a pairwise distance measure between all rows of two numeric H2OFrames using specified distance metrics.
1423	Converts columns in the current H2OFrame to categorical "enum" type columns.
1424	Splits the strings in a column of an H2OFrame based on a given regular expression pattern and returns a new H2OFrame with the split columns.
1425	For each string in the frame, count the occurrences of the provided pattern and return a numeric H2OFrame with the counts.
1426	For each string in the H2OFrame, returns a new string that is a substring of the original string starting at start_index and ending at end_index (exclusive). If end_index is not specified, the substring extends to the end of the original string. If start_index is longer than the length of the string or greater than or equal to end_index, an empty string is returned. Negative start_index is coerced to 0.
1427	Remove leading characters from a string in a column.
1428	Computes the Shannon entropy for each string in the H2OFrame, returning an H2OFrame of entropies.
1429	Counts the number of valid substrings of length 2 or more for each string in a file.
1430	Computes co-occurrence counts between values in a column or two columns of an H2OFrame.
1431	Compute and plot a histogram for a numeric column in an H2OFrame.
1432	Computes the iSAX index for a DataFrame containing numeric time series data.
1433	A method to substitute the first occurrence of a pattern in a string with a replacement string in an H2OFrame.
1434	Translate characters from lower to upper case for a particular column.
1435	Searches for matches to a given pattern within each element of a string column in an H2OFrame and returns the matching positions or a logical vector based on specified parameters.
1436	Remove rows with NAs from the H2OFrame.
1437	Conduct a diff-1 transform on a numeric frame column, returning the difference between each element and the previous element.
1438	Determines if each element in an H2OFrame is NA or not, returning an H2OFrame of 1s and 0s, where 1s indicate the values were NAs.
1439	Extract the "minute" part from a date column and return it as a single-column H2OFrame.
1440	Generates a single-column H2OFrame with random numbers uniformly distributed between 0 and 1, matching the data layout of the source frame.
1441	Constructs a column for performing a random stratified split of data.
1442	Cut a numeric vector into categorical "buckets".
1443	A function to get the index of the maximum value in a column or row of an H2OFrame, with options to skip NA values and specify the axis direction.
1444	Applies a lambda function to each row or column of an H2OFrame and returns a new H2OFrame with the results.
1445	Parses code from a string of text.
1446	Parses a file and returns a Code object.
1447	Move the token within the table by specified rows and columns.
1448	Convert the parsed representation back into the source code.
1449	Retrieves the sizes of each cluster for training, validation, and cross-validated splits based on the specified options.
1450	Return the centers of the KMeans model as a list of lists.
1451	Return the standardized centers for the kmeans model.
1452	Connect to an H2O server.
1453	Perform a REST API request to a previously connected server.
1454	Check h2o-python module and H2O server compatibility and raise H2OConnectionError if there is a version mismatch or if the H2O cluster version is too old.
1455	Import a single file or collection of files.
1456	Upload a dataset from a local file path to an H2O cluster.
1457	Import a dataset from a file path or directory into an H2OFrame instance.
1458	Import a Hive table into an H2OFrame in memory.
1459	Import an SQL table into an H2OFrame in memory by running concurrent SELECT queries.
1460	Import an SQL table result into an H2OFrame in memory by creating a temporary SQL table, running concurrent SELECT queries, and then dropping the temporary table.
1461	Parses a dataset using a parse setup structure and returns an H2OFrame object.
1462	Create a deep clone of the frame 'data' with a new frame id 'xid'.
1463	Factory that retrieves a model from a server and returns a corresponding H2OEstimator subclass object.
1464	retrieves and processes grid information from H2O for a specified grid ID, returning an H2OGridSearch instance with model details and hyperparameter values.
1465	Obtain a handle to a frame in H2O by its ID.
1466	Download the POJO for a given model to a specified path or print to the screen, and optionally download the h2o-genmodel.jar.
1467	Writes an H2O data set to a local CSV file.
1468	Download H2O log files to disk and save them in a specified directory with a given filename.
1469	Export a given H2OFrame to a specified path with options for overwriting and partitioning.
1470	Converts an H2O data object into a Python-specific object, optionally using pandas for parsing.
1471	Activate the demonstration session of a specified function with various options for interactivity, echoing, and testing.
1472	The `load_dataset` function attempts to import a data file from the 'h2o_data' folder relative to the script's location, and raises an error if the file cannot be found.
1473	Function to create model metrics from predicted and actual values in H2O.
1474	Uploads a file to DKV with an optional destination key and overwrite flag, returning the key name if successful.
1475	Uploads a custom metric function into an H2O cluster, supporting both class and string representations with optional context and source provider.
1476	Check that the provided frame id is valid in Rapids language.
1477	Convert a given number of bytes into a human-readable format with appropriate suffixes like kb, Mb, Gb, etc.
1478	Return a "canonical" version of slice `s` by converting any negative indices or `None` values to their corresponding positive counterparts within the range of `total` elements.
1479	Return True if the slice is in normalized form.
1480	Score a Pandas DataFrame using a MOJO model and return predictions as a Pandas DataFrame.
1481	Scores a CSV file using a MOJO model from a zip file and returns a list of predictions.
1482	Mark a function as deprecated with a warning message and stack trace information.
1483	Wait until the grid finishes computing.
1484	Returns a dictionary of hidden layer details for each model.
1485	Prints a detailed summary of the explored models.
1486	Print the models sorted by metric or display a grid search table based on hyperparameters.
1487	Get the hyperparameters of a model explored by grid search.
1488	Retrieve and return the hyperparameters of a specific model grid search.
1489	Retrieves an H2OGridSearch instance, optionally sorted by a specified metric in ascending or descending order.
1490	Get the F1 values for a set of thresholds across various models and data splits, returning a dictionary of results.
1491	Return the importance of components associated with a PCA model as a pandas DataFrame or a list, depending on the input parameter.
1492	Convert archetypes of the model into the original feature space for the given test data.
1493	Generates a scree plot, which is a graphical tool used in statistics to represent the variance associated with each principal component of a dataset.
1494	Convert names with underscores into camelcase.
1495	Returns a string with the common indentation removed and replaced with a specified amount of indentation.
1496	Extracts various operation times for GLRM model building iterations from a Java log file and prints a summary.
1497	Main program processes user input, calls functions to extract run summary, and stores results in a JSON file.
1498	Closes an existing connection and sets the session_id to None.
1499	Return the session id of the current connection, issuing a request if it hasn't been done yet.
1500	Start logging all API requests to the provided destination, or a new temporary file if null.
1501	Returns a copy of the `data` object prepared for sending to the server in key-value pairs.
1502	File preparation endpoint Returns the absolute path of filename as a dictionary for sending to the server
1503	Logged the beginning of an API request with details such as endpoint, parameters, body, JSON, and files.
1504	Logs the response from an API request along with the elapsed time and response headers.
1505	Log the message `msg` to the destination `self._logging_dest`. If the destination is a file, append the message and close; otherwise, write the message directly.
1506	Handle a response from a server, convert it to an appropriate format, and save it to a file if specified.
1507	Print a message if verbose mode is enabled
1508	Retrieve information about an AutoML instance and return a dictionary containing the project_name, leader model, and leaderboard.
1509	Download the POJO for the leader model in AutoML to the specified directory or dump the output to screen.
1510	Download the leader model in AutoML in MOJO format.
1511	Fit this object by computing the means and standard deviations used by the transform method.
1512	Scale an H2OFrame with the fitted means and standard deviations.
1513	Undo the scale transformation.
1514	Remove extra characters before the actual string we are looking for in Jenkins console output.
1515	Find the slave machine where a Jenkins job was executed on and update g_failed_test_info_dict. Remove the function handle from temp_func_list.
1516	Find the git hash and branch info from a Jenkins job console and save it in g_failed_test_info_dict.
1517	Check if the Jenkins job has exceeded the build timeout and update the failure information accordingly.
1518	Determines if a Jenkins job has failed to build by interpreting lines from its console text.
1519	Find the build id of a jenkins job and update the global variables with the build information.
1520	Extract job build URL from user input and extract relevant information into global variables.
1521	Scan through the Java output text and extract the bad Java messages that may or may not have happened during unit tests, excluding messages stored in `g_ok_java_messages`.
1522	Saves log scraping results into files with a build ID, including a pickle file and text files for failed and passed tests.
1523	Concatenate all log files into a summary text file for users at the end of daily log scraping.
1524	This function writes the content of a log file into a summary text file.
1525	Write bad java messages and their types into a log file.
1526	Load in pickle file that contains dict structure with bad java messages to ignore per unit test or for all cases. The ignored bad java info is stored in `g_ok_java_messages` dict.
1527	Converts an enum constant to canonical snake-case.
1528	Return a list of synonyms for a given word using a word2vec model, sorted by their similarity scores.
1529	Wait until the job finishes by continuously querying the server and displaying a progress bar.
1530	Converts the munging operations performed on an H2OFrame into a POJO and optionally downloads the h2o-genmodel.jar file.
1531	Performs munging operations on a frame specified in steps.
1532	Computes the percentile of a sorted list of values with optional interpolation.
1533	Return a dictionary of default parameters for the model.
1534	Extracts a dictionary of actual parameters for the model based on predefined keys.
1535	Return hidden layer details for a given model and data.
1536	Retrieve and return the scoring history of a model as an H2OTwoDimTable or a Pandas DataFrame.
1537	Prints detailed information about a model, including its type, key, training and validation metrics, scoring history, and variable importances.
1538	Return the variable importances of the model or pretty print them.
1539	Retrieve the residual degrees of freedom for the training or validation set, or None if not present.
1540	Return the coefficients from the model's JSON output, optionally applying non-standardization corrections.
1541	Download the POJO (Java Object) for this model to the specified directory or output to screen, optionally downloading the h2o-genmodel.jar.
1542	Download the model in MOJO format and optionally download the h2o-genmodel.jar file.
1543	Save Model Details of an H2O Model in JSON Format to disk.
1544	Return None if y_actual and y_predicted have the same length, otherwise raise a ValueError.
1545	Return a list of H2OModel objects obtained from cross-validation.
1546	Demonstrate the use of H2O's Gradient Boosting estimator for binary classification.
1547	Deep Learning model demo that uploads a dataset to H2O, parses it, shows a description, divides the dataset into training and test sets, builds a GLM, makes predictions, and displays performance metrics.
1548	Run a demo of a Generalized Linear Model (GLM) using H2O, including data upload, model training, predictions, and performance metrics display.
1549	Wait for a key press on the console and return it.
1550	Converts the data to a pandas DataFrame if possible, otherwise returns the data as is.
1551	Prints the contents of a table, optionally with a header and a truncated view if it contains more than 20 rows.
1552	Start a new H2O server on the local machine.
1553	Attempts to find the location of an h2o.jar executable, either at an explicitly provided path or in locations returned by `_jar_paths()`, raising an exception if the file cannot be found.
1554	Produces potential paths for an h2o.jar executable.
1555	Retrieves the Hit Ratios for training, validation, and cross-validation data.
1556	Converts a unicode string delimiter to str for compatibility.
1557	Converts a URI to an absolute file system path for a Python module.
1558	Convert directory path to relative URI with package name as root.
1559	Parses lines of text to extract and return sorted lists of function and class names, excluding private ones indicated by leading underscores.
1560	API - generate documentation for a module Generates the autodoc documentation template string for a module.
1561	Return module sequence discovered from `self.package_name`.
1562	Generate API reST files for discovered modules in the specified output directory.
1563	Generates reST API index file from written files
1564	Convert a confusion matrix into a 2x2 list of integer values.
1565	Load Java messages that can be ignored from a pickle file into a global dictionary structure if the file exists.
1566	Add new Java messages to ignore from a user text file and update the ignored messages dictionary.
1567	Update the `g_ok_java_messages` dictionary by adding or removing Java ignored messages based on the provided `message_dict` and `action`.
1568	Read in a text file containing ignored Java messages and generate a dictionary structure with test names as keys and lists of ignored Java message strings as values.
1569	Save the ignored Java message dictionary to a pickle file if changes have been made.
1570	Write the Java ignored messages from a global dictionary into a text file for human readability.
1571	Parses command line arguments and sets global variables accordingly.
1572	Illustrate what the various input flags are and the options should be.
1573	Find all Python files in the given directory and all subfolders.
1574	Searches for magic incantations in a file and returns a tuple containing the spell and any extra words.
1575	Executes a series of operations on each file located in the ROOT_DIR, including tokenizing, normalizing, and comparing the original and normalized text.
1576	Transforms an H2OFrame using a MOJO Pipeline.
1577	Summarizes the results from files in the local directory that have failed tests, into one giant dictionary.
1578	Print and save summary information for intermittent tests.
1579	Generate a ROC curve plot if the type is "roc".
1580	Generate a confusion matrix for specified metrics and thresholds.
1581	Check if a deep water model can be built based on its visibility status.
1582	Removes old test data from files based on a specified number of months.
1583	Group endpoints by the class that handles them.
1584	Django migration to update site domain and name using the provided settings and template variables.
1585	Adds default data to input data and returns it as a JSON string.
1586	Comments the feeds of a user's medias.
1587	Retrieves login credentials stored in a file, prompts for selection if multiple accounts are present or if the specified username is not found.
1588	Likes media from the last user_id's feed and returns True if successful.
1589	Likes media from a given hashtag.
1590	Filter bot from real users based on user info and various checks
1591	Reads a list from a file, with one line corresponding to one item, and returns the list if successful.
1592	This interface adds a scheduled enqueue time to a message.
1593	Defers the message for processing in the queue, requiring it to be received specifically by its sequence number.
1594	Gives the SAS URL to download the configurations for VPN sites in a resource group.
1595	Guesses Python Autorest options based on the specification path to determine the resource provider name and whether it uses ARM.
1596	Updates a running PowerShell command with more data by sending a request to the server, handling custom headers, and managing polling for the operation's completion.
1597	Deletes a managed application definition based on the provided ID and handles optional custom headers, raw response, and polling options.
1598	Creates a managed application definition resource.
```
TheShortestMeaningfulOutput AsPossible
```
1599	Returns the target URI for the request based on the protocol and host information.
1600	Create a connection for the given request, handling protocol and proxy settings.
1601	Sends a request to a cloud service server and returns the response, handling redirects and logging details as configured.
1602	Executes script actions on a specified HDInsight cluster and returns an AzureOperationPoller object.
1603	Check the availability of a Front Door resource name and return a response or raw response based on the input parameters.
1604	Permanently deletes the specified Azure Key Vault.
1605	Return the URI for the authorization server if present, otherwise empty string.
1606	Validate the request URI to extract the host authority, ensuring it is absolute, uses HTTP or HTTPS scheme, and is not empty.
1607	Returns a CLI profile class by loading credentials from a local file.
1608	Returns a tuple of Credentials and SubscriptionID, and optionally TenantID if with_tenant is True
1609	Endpoint to evaluate a query by using the given LUIS version model and return the prediction.
1610	Checks the availability of a resource name for global uniqueness in a specified location.
1611	Opens an HTTP request with the specified method and URL.
1612	Sets up the timeout for the request in milliseconds.
1613	Sets the request header with the given name and value.
1614	Get all response headers from a WinHttpRequest object.
1615	Sends the request body or VT_EMPTY for GET/HEAD requests.
1616	This interface retrieves the status of the response.
1617	Get the status text of a response using WINHTTP functions.
1618	If the response body is a SAFEARRAY of bytes, convert it to a string and return it; otherwise, return an empty string.
1619	Sets the client certificate for the request.
1620	Sends an HTTP request to a specified method and URI, handles certificate if provided.
1621	Sends the headers of a request by setting the specified name and value.
1622	Sends a request with an optional request body.
1623	Returns the response and generates the _Response object by extracting status, status_text, headers, and body from the _httprequest object.
1624	Returns a simplified version of an ID by removing parts before a forward slash and an optional prefix.
1625	Converts a Python name into a serializable name by replacing characters and applying capitalization rules.
1626	API operation to verify if two faces belong to the same person.
1627	Adds a job to a specified account in the Batch service.
1628	Parse properties from an XML entry.
1629	Descends through a hierarchy of nodes, returning the list of children at the innermost level that share a common parent.
1630	Function to recursively search for namespaces from a parent to a child node.
1631	Converts an XML string to a ServiceBusNamespace object by parsing the XML and mapping the values to the corresponding fields in the namespace object.
1632	Converts XML response to service bus region by parsing the XML content and extracting region code and full name.
1633	This function converts an XML response to a service bus namespace availability object.
1634	Converts an XML string to service bus metrics objects by parsing the XML and assigning the parsed values to the corresponding attributes of the object type.
1635	Replaces the draft content of a runbook in an automation account.
1636	Returns domain name recommendations based on provided keywords using Azure's Web Management Service API.
1637	Asynchronously modifies a knowledgebase with specified parameters.
1638	A method that retrieves the group memberships of a user in Azure Active Directory.
1639	Fetches the files related to a particular pull request on GitHub, clones the branch, and builds packages for the identified modules, optionally adding installation and download instructions as a comment on the pull request.
1640	Imports data into Redis cache and handles the response based on whether raw output is requested or not.
1641	Publish a runbook draft in an Azure Automation account.
1642	Renews the lock on a message to maintain its availability in the queue.
1643	Replace alterations data.
1644	Adds a new version of a secret resource with the specified value.
1645	Returns system properties for the specified storage account.
1646	Returns the primary and secondary access keys for the specified storage account.
1647	Regenerates the primary or secondary access key for a specified storage account.
1648	Creates a new storage account in Windows Azure with specified parameters.
1649	Updates the label, description, and geo-replication status for a Azure storage account.
1650	Deletes a specified storage account from Windows Azure.
1651	Checks whether the given storage account name is available.
1652	Retrieves system properties for the specified hosted service, optionally including deployment details.
1653	Creates a new hosted service in Windows Azure with the specified parameters.
1654	Deletes a specified hosted service from Windows Azure, optionally deleting all associated OS/data disks and source blobs.
1655	Uploads a new service package and creates a new deployment on staging or production.
1656	Deletes the specified deployment with an option to delete the associated virtual hard disk.
1657	Swaps the virtual IP between staging and production deployment environments for a given service.
1658	Initiates a change to the deployment configuration for a specified service and deployment.
1659	Initiates a change in deployment status for a specific service and deployment.
1660	Initiates an upgrade for a specific hosted service deployment with the given parameters.
1661	Specifies the next upgrade domain to be walked during manual in-place upgrade or configuration change.
1662	Reboots a specific role instance within a deployment.
1663	Restart specified role instances.
1664	Checks to see if the specified hosted service name is available.
1665	Lists all of the service certificates associated with the specified hosted service.
1666	Returns the public data for the specified X.509 certificate associated with a hosted service, after validating the input parameters.
1667	Adds a certificate to a hosted service.
1668	Deletes a service certificate from the certificate store of a hosted service.
1669	The `get_management_certificate` method retrieves information about a management certificate using its thumbprint in a Windows Azure subscription.
1670	Adds a management certificate to a Windows Azure subscription.
1671	The Delete Management Certificate operation removes a certificate from the list of management certificates for your Azure subscription.
1672	Returns the system properties associated with the specified affinity group.
1673	Creates a new affinity group with the specified name, label, location, and optional description.
1674	Deletes an affinity group in the specified subscription.
1675	Performs a list subscription operations with optional filters and returns a collection of subscription operations.
1676	Reserves an IPv4 address for a specified subscription.
1677	Deletes a reserved IP address from the specified subscription.
1678	Associates an existing reserved IP address to a deployment.
1679	Disassociate an existing reserved IP address from a deployment.
1680	Retrieves information about the specified reserved IP address by its name.
1681	Retrieves the specified role part
1682	Provisions a virtual machine in a specified hosted service based on the provided configuration.
1683	Adds a virtual machine to an existing deployment.
1684	Updates a virtual machine in Azure with specified settings.
1685	HTTP DELETE operation to remove a role from a deployment in a service.
1686	Captures a virtual machine image to your image gallery and returns the result of the operation.
1687	Starts a virtual machine by specifying the service, deployment, and role names.
1688	Starts the specified virtual machines in a service deployment.
1689	Resets the specified role in a deployment.
1690	Shuts down the specified virtual machine and allows user to choose the post-shutdown action.
1691	Shuts down specified virtual machines and allows for specifying post-shutdown actions.
1692	Adds a DNS server definition to an existing deployment.
1693	Updates the IP address of a DNS server.
1694	Deletes a DNS server from a deployment.
1695	Get the versions of a resource extension available for a Virtual Machine.
1696	Replicates a VM image to multiple target locations for publishers.
1697	Unreplicate a VM image from all regions using the specified VM image name.
1698	Shares an existing VM image with specified permissions, accessible only by publishers with Azure registration.
1699	Creates a VM Image in the image repository using a specified set of virtual hard disks.
1700	Deletes a specified VM image from the image repository, optionally deleting the underlying VHD blob in Azure storage.
1701	Retrieves a list of VM images from the image repository based on optional filters for location, publisher, and category.
1702	Updates a VM Image in the image repository associated with the specified subscription.
1703	Adds an OS image to the image repository from a blob in Azure storage, performing a POST request.
1704	Updates an OS image in your image repository.
1705	Updates metadata elements for a given OS image reference.
1706	Deletes the specified OS image from your image repository, with an option to also delete the underlying vhd blob in Azure storage.
1707	Retrieves the specified data disk from a virtual machine using the given service, deployment, role, and LUN, and validates that none of the inputs are None before performing the get operation.
1708	adds data disk to a virtual machine
1709	Updates the specified data disk attached to the specified virtual machine.
1710	Removes the specified data disk from a virtual machine and optionally deletes the underlying VHD blob in Azure storage.
1711	Adds a disk to the user image repository with specified properties.
1712	Updates an existing disk in your image repository with specified parameters.
1713	Deletes a specified disk from the image repository and optionally deletes the underlying VHD blob in Azure storage.
1714	Policy state summary for resources under a management group.
1715	This method initializes a message handler for receiving messages using uAMQP, sets the settlement mode based on the mode, and then opens the handler.
1716	Receive a batch of messages at once, prioritizing quick return over specified batch size.
1717	Renews the session lock periodically to retain access for message processing.
1718	Create or update a VM scale set.
1719	Converts the SinglePlacementGroup property to false for a specified VM scale set.
1720	Detects profanity and matches against custom and shared blacklists.
1721	Creates a new key in Azure Key Vault and returns the key parameters and attributes.
1722	Import an externally created key into Azure Key Vault and return key parameters and attributes.
1723	Updates the specified attributes of a stored key in Azure Key Vault.
1724	Sets a secret in a specified key vault.
1725	Sets the specified certificate issuer by constructing a request with the provided parameters and sending it to the Azure Key Vault service.
1726	Create a Service Bus client from a connection string.
1727	Get an async client for a subscription entity in Azure Service Bus.
1728	Get an async client for all subscription entities in the topic.
1729	Send one or more messages to the current entity using a single-use connection.
1730	Returns a Sender instance for the Service Bus endpoint with optional parameters for message timeout and session ID.
1731	Get a Receiver for the Service Bus endpoint with specified session, prefetch count, receive mode, and idle timeout.
1732	Get a Receiver for the deadletter endpoint of the entity with options to transfer deadletter messages, set prefetch count, specify receive mode, and set an idle timeout.
1733	Extracts the request id from the response header.
1734	Performs a GET request to the specified path with optional versioning and returns the response.
1735	Performs a PUT request to the specified path with the given body and returns the response.
1736	Waits for an asynchronous operation to complete by repeatedly checking its status until the expected status is reached, with options for custom callbacks and timeout.
1737	Returns the status of the specified operation using the given request ID.
1738	Add additional headers for management.
1739	Assume running on Travis; prepare a package to deploy by validating the TRAVIS_TAG, creating a package, and confirming the package version matches the tag before pushing to a Pypi server.
1740	Method for listing certificates in a specified key vault.
1741	Get list of available service bus regions.
1742	List the service bus namespaces defined on the account.
1743	Returns details about a specific namespace.
1744	Create a new service bus namespace with a specified name and region.
1745	Delete a service bus namespace.
1746	Checks if a specified service bus namespace is available.
1747	Retrieves the topics in the specified Azure Service Bus namespace.
1748	Retrieves the notification hubs in the specified service bus namespace.
1749	Retrieves the relays in the specified service bus namespace.
1750	This operation retrieves rollup data for a specified Service Bus metrics queue, including time granularity and retention settings for each granularity.
1751	Get rollup data for a service bus metrics topic.
1752	Get rollup data for Service Bus metrics notification hub, including the time granularity and retention settings.
1753	This operation retrieves rollup data for Service Bus metrics relay, including time granularity and retention settings.
1754	Create a virtual environment in a directory using the specified parameters.
1755	Generator that creates a virtual environment with specified packages in a temporary directory and yields the environment.
1756	Create a new Azure SQL Database server with the specified administrator login, password, and location.
1757	Reset theadministrator password for a server using a POST request.
1758	Get quotas for an Azure SQL Database Server
1759	Retrieve event logs for an Azure SQL Database Server using specified parameters.
1760	Creates an Azure SQL Database server firewall rule.
1761	Update a firewall rule for an Azure SQL Database server.
1762	Deletes an Azure SQL Database server firewall rule.
1763	Retrieves the set of firewall rules for an Azure SQL Database Server.
1764	Get the service level objectives for an Azure SQL Database server.
1765	Creates a new Azure SQL Database with specified parameters.
1766	Updates existing database details.
1767	Deletes an Azure SQL Database.
1768	List SQL databases on a specified server
1769	This interface is used to get a list of legal agreements that a user needs to accept before purchasing a domain.
1770	Closes down the handler connection and optionally sets an error if provided.
1771	Closes the receiver connection, either due to an exception or when the message iterator is completed, and sets a flag indicating that the receiver has been shut down.
1772	This interface is used to retrieve the session state, returning None if no state has been set.
1773	Set the session state with a given value, which can be a string, bytes, or bytearray.
1774	Receive Deferred Messages
1775	Merge two `Reservation`s into a new `Reservation`.
1776	Verifies that the challenge is a Bearer challenge and returns the key=value pairs.
1777	Purges data in an Log Analytics workspace based on user-defined filters.
1778	Handle connection and service errors to determine whether to retry sending an event and specify the backoff duration.
1779	Create a new queue with the specified name and optional parameters, returning True if successful and False if it already exists (based on the fail_on_exist flag).
1780	Delete an existing queue and remove all associated state, including messages in the queue, optionally raising an exception if the queue does not exist.
1781	Retrieves an existing queue by name.
1782	Creates a new topic if it does not already exist, and returns True if successful.
1783	Retrieves the description for the specified topic.
1784	Generates and returns a rule with specified rule name by sending a POST request.
1785	Retrieves the description for the specified rule.
1786	Retrieves the rules under a specified subscription.
1787	Create a new subscription for a specified topic and optionally handle the case where the subscription already exists.
1788	Returns an existing subscription.
1789	Retrieves the subscriptions in the specified topic.
1790	Enqueues a message into the specified topic, ensuring it adheres to size restrictions and handling quota errors.
1791	Unlocks a message for processing by other receivers on a given subscription.
1792	Sends a batch of messages to a specified queue.
1793	Unlocks a message in a queue by removing the lock object associated with it.
1794	Receive a message from a queue for processing with options to lock or delete the message and specify a timeout.
1795	Receive a message from a subscription for processing based on the specified peek_lock and timeout.
1796	Creates a new Event Hub with the specified properties, optionally checking if it already exists.
1797	Updates an Event Hub with optional properties.
1798	Retrieves and returns an existing event hub.
1799	Sends a new message event to an Event Hub
1800	Update and return the headers for a Service Bus request.
1801	Returns the signed string containing the access token for the given request and HTTP client.
1802	Check if a token is expired by comparing its expiration time with the current time and adding a 30-second buffer.
1803	Retrieve token for the request using the provided host, path, and HTTP client.
1804	Moves query string from URI to the request object's query and handles encoding.
1805	Reset the service principal profile of a managed cluster and update the service principal profile.
1806	Deletes itself if find queue name or topic name and subscription name. If neither is found, raises an AzureServiceBusPeekLockError.
1807	Unlocks itself if a queue name or topic name and subscription name are found. Raises an error if not peek-locked.
1808	Renews the lock if the queue or topic name and subscription name are found, otherwise raises an error.
1809	Add custom headers to a request based on various properties.
1810	Return a dictionary representing the message body in a batch format, including the main body and optional custom and broker properties.
1811	Retrieves the health of a Service Fabric cluster with optional filtering for nodes, applications, and events.
1812	Gets the health of a Service Fabric cluster using the specified policy.
1813	Removes or unregisters a Service Fabric application type from the cluster with specified parameters.
1814	Gets a list of repair tasks matching the given filters.
1815	Submits a batch of property operations to a Service Fabric service.
1816	Constructs an error message from an HTTP error and raises an `AzureHttpError` with it.
1817	Start capturing network packets for a web app and capture the output.
1818	A method that retrieves and returns the difference in configuration settings between two web app slots.
1819	Swaps two deployment slots of an app.
1820	Executes an OData query for events with various parameters such as filters, sorting, and paging.
1821	Adds a face to a large face list using an image stream from a specified URL.
1822	When handling redirects, this method resets the `auth_attempted` attribute in thread-local storage to False.
1823	Create and start migration configuration for entities from Standard to Premium namespace.
1824	Publishes a batch of events to an Azure Event Grid topic.
1825	Moves resources from one resource group to another resource group and returns a long-running poller.
1826	Sets a new default profile if the provided object is an instance of KnownProfiles or ProfileDefinition.
1827	Queries policy tracked resources under the management group.
1828	Create a queue entity with various properties and raise exceptions if the namespace is not found or the queue already exists.
1829	Deletes a queue entity and raises exceptions if the queue is not found or if there is a connection error.
1830	Creates a new topic entity with specified properties in Azure Service Bus.
1831	Deletes a topic entity with the specified topic name, and raises an exception if the topic is not found and fail_not_exist is set to True.
1832	Create a subscription entity in Azure Service Bus with various properties including lock duration, session requirements, message time to live, and dead lettering settings.
1833	Create a Client from a Service Bus connection string.
1834	Get the properties of the entity as a dictionary and update them if necessary, handling exceptions for resource not found, connection errors, and invalid credentials.
1835	Check if the session lock has expired.
1836	Creates a session for a node and returns an LROPoller with the created SessionResource or ClientRawResponse<SessionResource> if raw is True.
1837	Given billing account and invoice section names, creates and returns an Azure subscription.
1838	Export logs showing API request throttling activities within a specified time window.
1839	Scans output for exceptions and adds results from an add task collection call to a list.
1840	Adds a chunk of tasks to the job, handling retries if the body exceeds the maximum request size or if the server returns an error.
1841	Handles the main method for a worker to process tasks by popping a chunk of tasks from the queue and submitting them for processing, repeating until all tasks are added or an error occurs.
1842	Builds the actual configuration for Jinja2 based on the SDK configuration.
1843	Resets a user's password in an environment and handles the asynchronous operation with or without polling.
1844	Returns an LROPoller to start an environment by starting all resources inside the environment, which can take a while to complete.
1845	Create a message from a response and service instance, parsing headers for custom properties, broker properties, and message type.
1846	Convert an XML entry element to a rule object.
1847	Converts an XML queue description element to a Queue object.
1848	converts an xml element to a topic object
1849	Converts an XML entry element to a Subscription object, parsing specific attributes and nested elements.
1850	This method creates a new certificate within a specified Batch account by sending a request with details such as the resource group name, account name, certificate name, and additional parameters.
1851	Deletes a specified certificate in a Batch account.
1852	Return a SDK client initialized with current CLI credentials, CLI default subscription and CLI default cloud.
1853	Initialize an Azure SDK client using authentication details from a JSON dictionary.
1854	Initialize a SDK client from an authentication file.
1855	parse_enum_results_list is a function that parses an XML response and constructs a specified object with the parsed data.
1856	Parse properties from an XML element tree.
1857	Deletes the specified certificate associated with a provisioning service.
1858	Get a client for a queue entity from Service Bus.
1859	Get clients for all queue entities in the namespace.
1860	Retrieve a client for a topic entity from a Service Bus namespace.
1861	Get a list of topic clients for all topic entities in the namespace.
1862	Receives messages by sequence numbers that have been previously deferred.
1863	Setstle deferred messages based on specified settlement and list of messages.
1864	Retrieve the details of a specific website on a webspace.
1865	Create and configure a website with specified details using XML serialization and API post request.
1866	Delete a website, optionally deleting the last server farm and its metrics if specified.
1867	Update a web site's state.
1868	Restart a web site.
1869	Returns historical usage metrics for a specified website, optionally filtering by time range and specific metrics.
1870	Get the metric definitions of metrics available for a specific website.
1871	This interface retrieves a site's publish profile as a string using the provided webspace and website names.
1872	Get a site's publish profile as an object.
1873	Updates the policies for the specified container registry and returns an LROPoller that returns RegistryPolicies or ClientRawResponse<RegistryPolicies> if raw is True.
1874	The code defines a method to create a new cloud service with specified details such as ID, label, description, and geographical region.
1875	Checks if a new job collection with a given name may be created.
1876	Get the details of a job collection using the provided cloud service ID and job collection ID.
1877	Completes a restore operation on a managed database.
1878	Cancels one or more scheduled messages.
1879	This method asynchronously waits until all pending messages have been sent, returning a list of send results with each message's success status and any error encountered.
1880	Reconnect the handler and re-queue any messages that were pending before the reconnect.
1881	Writes a certificate file to the specified location using information from a publish settings file and returns the subscription ID.
1882	Load and restore any valid, non-expired cookies for the plugin.
1883	Calculates the total width of a string when displayed, considering Unicode character widths.
1884	Drops characters from the prefix of a string until the remaining string's terminal width is less than or equal to a specified length.
1885	Clears out the previous line of text and prints a new one, optionally appending spaces to the right for alignment.
1886	Formats the file size into a human-readable format using appropriate units (bytes, KB, MB, GB, TB).
1887	Formats a time duration in seconds into a human-readable format of hours, minutes, and seconds.
1888	Creates a status line with appropriate size by formatting a string with parameters and ensuring it does not exceed the terminal size.
1889	Progress an iterator and updates a pretty status line to the terminal, showing data read, elapsed time, and average speed.
1890	Generate the segment number and when it will be available for both static and dynamic streams.
1891	Yields segments based on available segment template or list, or a default segment if none are available.
1892	Pauses the thread for a specified time and returns False if interrupted by another thread.
1893	Adds a segment to the download pool and write queue if the segment is not None and the download is not closed.
1894	Puts a value into a queue but aborts if this thread is closed.
1895	Returns parameters needed for Akamai HD player verification by processing input parameters and performing HTTP requests to generate a verification token and handle caching.
1896	Extract nonce from HTTP response for signing requests.
1897	Retrieve Video Packet ID for a Programme in iPlayer from the HTML of the provided URL.
1898	Parse JSON data and raise a custom exception with a data snippet if parsing fails.
1899	Parse XML data with options to handle encoding, strip namespaces, replace invalid character entities, and validate against a schema.
1900	Parses a query string into a dictionary while preserving duplicate keys.
1901	Searches for a key in a nested dictionary or list of nested dictionaries and yields the matches.
1902	Spawn a process with optional parameters and wait for it to complete or timeout.
1903	Returns a generator that yields `Tag` objects for the specified HTML tag found in the given HTML page.
1904	Attempts to parse a DASH manifest file and return its streams
1905	Determines the Unicode encoding of a JSON text sample based on the pattern of NULL bytes.
1906	Parses JSON from a response, setting the encoding if necessary.
1907	Method to parses XML from a response.
1908	Parses a semi-colon delimited list of cookies.
1909	Parses and stores a dictionary of headers from a semi-colon delimited string.
1910	Parses a semi-colon delimited list of cookies into query parameters.
1911	Formats and encodes the message for a LogRecord.
1912	factory method for creating LogRecords objects with optional
1913	The `login` method attempts to log in to LiveEdu.tv using the provided email and password, handling CSRF protection and logging the outcome.
1914	Plugin loading from the same directory as the calling plugin.
1915	Update or remove keys from a query string in a URL
1916	Reads FLV tags from a file descriptor or buffer, adjusts their timestamps, and yields them with their adjusted timestamps.
1917	Generator that finds all arguments required by a given name and detects cycles in the dependency configuration.
1918	Checks if a file already exists and prompts the user to overwrite it if necessary, before returning a FileOutput instance.
1919	Decides where to write the stream based on the provided arguments.
1920	Creates and binds an HTTP server to a specified host and port, handling errors if the binding fails.
1921	Repeatedly accept HTTP connections on a server while a player is running or the server is external.
1922	The function `output_stream_http` continuously outputs a stream over HTTP, handling player initialization, stream fetching, and request processing.
1923	Prepares a filename and opens it for playback using a player, handling potential errors.
1924	Opens a stream, reads 8192 bytes, and returns the file descriptor and data.
1925	Open a stream, create output, and write the stream to the output.
1926	Reads data from a stream and writes it to an output, with optional progress indication and error handling.
1927	A function that decides how to handle a selected stream based on various arguments, including printing a command-line, outputting JSON, continuously outputting the stream over HTTP, or outputting the stream to a selected output.
1928	Fetches streams using correct parameters.
1929	Attempts to fetch streams repeatedly until some are returned or the limit is hit.
1930	Function determines the actual stream name by resolving any synonyms provided.
1931	Formats a dict of streams, filtering out synonyms and sorting them by quality, then joins them into a comma-separated string.
1932	The `handle_url` function attempts to resolve a given URL to a plugin, fetches available streams, and handles the user-specified stream or outputs a list of valid streams.
1933	Outputs a list of all plugins Streamlink has loaded.
1934	Open a web browser to allow the user to grant Streamlink access to their Twitch account.
1935	Attempts to load plugins from a list of directories.
1936	Parses command-line arguments using a provided parser, with support for configuration files and case-insensitive lookups.
1937	Setup the console for output with signal handling.
1938	Sets global HTTP settings based on command-line arguments.
1939	Loads any additional plugins from default and an extra directory.
1940	Sets Streamlink options based on provided arguments.
1941	Show current installed versions.
1942	Tries to find and return the stream_id from the given text using a regular expression.
1943	Returns the iframe from the text if a stream_id is found.
1944	Sets a general option for the session object, updating the corresponding configuration settings based on the provided key and value.
1945	Returns the current value of a specified option, with backwards compatibility for old keys.
1946	Sets plugin specific options used by plugins originating from this session object.
1947	Returns the current value of a plugin-specific option.
1948	Attempts to find a plugin that can handle the given URL, following redirects if specified.
1949	Attempt to load plugins from a specified directory.
1950	Converts a timestamp in various formats (hours:minutes:seconds, minutes:seconds, etc.) to seconds.
1951	Return a function that checks if a given string starts with a specified substring.
1952	Return a function that checks if the given string ends with the specified value.
1953	Returns a function that checks if a given string contains another string.
1954	Retrieves a named attribute from an object with an optional default value.
1955	Filters out unwanted items using the specified function.
1956	Applies a given function to each value in a sequence or dictionary, expanding key/value pairs for dictionaries.
1957	Return a function that parses and validates URL attributes.
1958	Finds a XML element via XPath.
1959	Find all XML elements via XPath using a given function.
1960	Extracts and formats the embedded player URL from an HTTP response, appending a hash if necessary.
1961	Parse data as a M3U8 playlist.
1962	checks if the given command is supported by any player and returns the player name if supported
1963	Attempts to log in to Steam using the provided credentials and handles captcha verification, email authentication, and two-factor authentication prompts as needed.
1964	Returns the stream_id contained in the HTML.
1965	Returns a nested list of different stream options with stream URLs and quality names extracted from the HTML.
1966	Login and update cached cookies
1967	Creates a key-function mapping with optional arguments passed to the function.
1968	Method that makes an API call with optional parameters and schema validation.
1969	Starts a session against Crunchyroll's server and logs the session ID.
1970	Returns the data for a certain media item.
1971	Creates and configures a new CrunchyrollAPI object, handling session and authentication.
1972	Compress a byte string.
1973	Show character in readable format
1974	Show string or char, with long strings truncated and each character formatted.
1975	Read n bytes from the stream on a byte boundary.
1976	Retrieve the value for processing, which can be a tuple with optional extra bits.
1977	Provides a long explanation of the value from the numeric value, optionally including extra bits, and is used by Layout.verboseRead for printing the value.
1978	Store a decode table and compute length, minimum, and maximum lengths from encodings.
1979	Set the length table, decode table, minimum length, and maximum length based on the input length table.
1980	Display all symbols with their corresponding binary strings in a neatly formatted table.
1981	Reads a symbol from the stream and returns the symbol along with its length.
1982	Format an explanation with varying levels of detail based on whether extra information is provided.
1983	Override if you don't define value0 and extraTable
1984	Compute the range of possible values based on an index, useful for mnemonics and explanations.
1985	Get the count and value based on the given index and extra parameters.
1986	Generate a mnemonic string representing a symbol's components.
1987	Return a mnemonic representation of a given index, with optional verbose compression of strings of x's.
1988	Builds the action table from the text above by parsing and processing the action lines to extract and format the actions.
1989	Performs the proper action by executing the corresponding function from the actionList with the local variables.
1990	Produce a hex dump of data from a specified position to the current stream position.
1991	The `processStream` function processes a Brotli stream by readingWindow size, metablock header, and processing blocks until the last block is reached, handling various codes and parameters along the way.
1992	Reads meta block length and skips empty blocks.
1993	Determine whether to handle uncompressed data based on a verbose read operation and process it accordingly.
1994	Sets the block type switch descriptor for the given kind of blockType.
1995	In place inverse move to front transform
1996	Read and store prefix code arrays for different types of alphabets.
1997	Turns a intensity array to a monochrome 'image' by replacing each intensity by a scaled 'color'.
1998	Normalize and combine input array `I` with a sequence of colors using specified axes for normalization and combination.

Converts 3d array into 2d image and applies color mapping based on normalized values.
1999	Convert a Vaex dataset to an Arrow table.
2000	Adds method f to the Dataset class.
2001	Convert velocities from a Cartesian system to proper motions and radial velocities.
2002	Convert proper motion to perpendicular velocities.
2003	Generates a graphviz.Digraph representation of the expression's graph structure.
2004	Computes counts of unique values in a dataset, with options to drop null and NaN values and sort the results.
2005	Map values of an expression or in memory column according to an input dictionary or a custom callable function.
2006	Create a vaex app, starting the QApplication mainloop in an ipython notebook or jupyter environment.
2007	Convenience method for opening a list of filenames and concatenating the resulting DataFrames.
2008	Connects to a SAMP Hub, waits for a table load event, disconnects, downloads the table, and returns a DataFrame.
2009	Convenience method for creating a vaex DataFrame from an Astropy Table.
2010	Create an in memory DataFrame from numpy arrays.
2011	A convenient function that creates a Vaex DataFrame from scalars by wrapping them in arrays.
2012	Create an in memory DataFrame from a pandas DataFrame.
2013	Shortcut to read a CSV file and convert to a DataFrame directly.
2014	Connect to a hostname supporting the vaex web API and return a server object.
2015	Convenience method for creating a zeldovich DataFrame.
2016	Concatenate a list of DataFrames.
2017	Creates a virtual column equivalent to numpy.arange with zero memory usage.
2018	Open a dataset and add it to the UI.
2019	Supports evaluating an expression at a server, primarily for running unittests, with limited functionality from string inputs; the `out` parameter is currently ignored.
2020	Transparantly accept delayed computation.
2021	Returns a set of column names that the selection depends on for the given dataframe.
2022	Helper function for returning task results, either immediately or as a delayed task with optional progress updates.
2023	Sort the table by a given column number in ascending or descending order.
2024	Reads header data from a Gadget data file and returns offsets of positions and velocities.
2025	Clear the cursor and hide the plot elements.
2026	Wait for all plots to finish rendering before continuing.
2027	Opens a document using the default application designated by the operating system.
2028	Flexible writing to a file, which can be a filename or a file object. If a filename is provided, it is opened and closed after writing.
2029	Combines all masks from a list of arrays, and logically ors them into a single mask.
2030	Evaluates expression, drops the result, and is useful for benchmarking since Vaex is usually lazy.
2031	Return the first element of a binned `expression`, where the values in each bin are sorted by `order_expression`.
2032	Calculates the mean of an expression, possibly on a grid defined by binby.
2033	Calculate and return the sum of values for a given expression, optionally binning the data and applying a selection.
2034	Calculate the standard deviation for the given expression, possible on a grid defined by binby.
2035	Calculate the covariance matrix for given expressions, possibly on a grid defined by binby.
2036	Calculates the minimum and maximum values of one or more expressions, possibly on a grid defined by 'binby'.
2037	Calculates the minimum value for given expressions, possibly on a grid defined by binby.
2038	Calculates the approximate median of an expression on a grid defined by binby, using a cumulative distribution.
2039	Plot a widget for visualizing 1D, 2D, or 3D data in a Jupyter notebook using various backends.
2040	Counts non-missing values for an expression in healpix data, optionally binning and scaling.
2041	Plots data in 2D using Healpix data as a column.
2042	Plots a 3D plot of the given data using ipyvolume and returns the plot object.
2043	Return the numpy dtype for the given expression based on various conditions.
2044	Retrieves the private directory for a DataFrame, creating it if specified.
2045	Return the internal state of the DataFrame in a dictionary ready for serialization.
2046	Sets the internal state of a DataFrame based on a given state dictionary, optionally using the active range.
2047	Removes the file with the virtual column metadata and deletes the directory if empty.
2048	Writes virtual columns, variables, their ucd, description, and units to a YAML file.
2049	Writes metadata to a YAML file in the private directory of the DataFrame.
2050	Generates a Subspaces object based on a custom list of expressions or all possible combinations based on dimensions, optionally excluding certain expressions.
2051	Set a variable to an expression or value and optionally write it to a meta file.
2052	Evaluates the value of a variable given its name.
2053	Evaluates a selection mask internally, ignoring the filter.
2054	Return a dict containing the ndarray corresponding to the evaluated data
2055	Returns a copy of the DataFrame, optionally copying specified columns, selections, and functions.
2056	Convert a vaex DataFrame to a pandas DataFrame.
2057	Converts the DataFrame to a pyarrow Table object containing the selected arrays.
2058	Converts the data to an astropy table object, optionally including column names, selection criteria, string handling, and index.
2059	Add an in-memory array as a column to the DataFrame, ensuring compatibility in length and handling filtering.
2060	Renames a column in memory and optionally updates related data structures, returning the new column name.
2061	Converts Cartesian coordinates to polar coordinates and adds the radius and azimuth angle as virtual columns.
2062	Convert velocities from a cartesian to a spherical coordinate system.
2063	Converts Cartesian velocities to polar velocities.
2064	Converts cylindrical polar velocities to Cartesian coordinates.
2065	Applies a 2D rotation transformation to the specified x and y columns, creating new columns xnew and ynew with the transformed values.
2066	Convert spherical coordinates to cartesian coordinates and optionally propagate uncertainties.
2067	Converts Cartesian coordinates to spherical coordinates and adds virtual columns for distance, polar angle (alpha), and polar elevation (delta).
2068	Adds a virtual column to a DataFrame with a given name and expression, optionally ensuring uniqueness of the column name.
2069	Deletes a virtual column from a DataFrame.
2070	Adds a variable to a DataFrame, with options for overwriting and ensuring uniqueness.
2071	Deletes a variable from a DataFrame and signals the change.
2072	Return a shallow copy of a DataFrame with the last n rows.
2073	Display the first and last n elements of a DataFrame.
2074	Generate a description of a DataFrame, including summary statistics for numerical columns and additional details for string columns.
2075	Display a subset of a DataFrame in a specified format.
2076	Sets the current row and emits a signal if the value is out of range.
2077	Returns a list of column names based on the specified filtering criteria.
2078	Return a DataFrame where all columns are trimmed by the active range.
2079	Returns a DataFrame containing only rows indexed by the given sequence.
2080	Return a DataFrame containing only the filtered rows from the original DataFrame.
2081	Randomly sample rows from a DataFrame based on given parameters such as number of samples, fraction, replacement, weights, and random state.
2082	Returns a list of DataFrames split randomly according to the specified fraction(s) and random state.
2083	Return a list containing ordered subsets of the DataFrame based on the specified fraction(s).
2084	Return a sorted DataFrame, sorted by the expression 'by'.
2085	Convert a virtual column in a DataFrame to an in-memory numpy array.
2086	Undoes the selection for a given name.
2087	Redo the selection for a given name using the specified executor.
2088	Check if the specified selection name can be redone.
2089	Performs a selection based on a boolean expression, combining it with previous selections using a specified mode, and records it in a history tree for undo/redo functionality.
2090	Selects rows based on non-missing values in specified columns, using a mask for selection tracking.
2091	Create a shallow copy of a DataFrame and filter out rows based on NaN and masked values.
2092	Select a 2d rectangular box in the space given by x and y, bounds by limits.
2093	Selects an n-dimensional rectangular box bounded by specified limits.
2094	Select a circular region centered on xc, yc, with a radius of r, and apply a boolean expression based on the inclusive parameter.
2095	Define a method to select data points within an elliptical region defined by center coordinates, width, height, and angle, and perform operations based on the selection mode and name.
2096	Handles a lasso selection for performance reasons.
2097	Invert the current selection, excluding the selected items and including previously unselected ones, and execute the operation using the provided executor.
2098	Sets the selection object by creating a selection function and passing it to another method.
2099	Creates a selection and updates the selection history.
2100	Finds a non-colliding name by optionally postfixing.
2101	Returns a list of virtual columns that are not used in any other virtual column.
2102	Returns a graphviz.Digraph object representing a graph of all virtual columns.
2103	Mark a column as categorical with specified labels assuming zero indexing and ensure the number of labels is sufficient for the column values.
2104	Encode column as ordinal values and mark it as categorical.
2105	Provides direct access to the data as numpy arrays using attributes for each column.
2106	Calculates the length of the DataFrame based on whether a selection is made or not. If selection is False, it returns the length of the unfiltered DataFrame, otherwise, it returns the sum of the mask values if it exists.
2107	Join the columns of another DataFrame to the current one, assuming the same ordering and column names.
2108	Concatenates two DataFrames by adding the rows of one DataFrame to the other and returns a new DataFrame with the concatenated rows.
2109	Exports the DataFrame to a vaex hdf5 file.
2110	Adds a column to a DataFrame with the given name and data.
2111	Adds method `f` to the `DataFrame` class.
2112	Decorator to register a new function with vaex and optionally as a property.
2113	Replace missing values in an array with a specified value, optionally handling both NaNs and masked values.
2114	Convert a date time series into days of the week with Monday=0 and Sunday=6.
2115	Return the ordinal day of the year for each date in the input series.
2116	Check whether a given year is a leap year.
2117	Extracts the year from a datetime object.
2118	Extracts the month from a datetime value.
2119	Returns the month names of a datetime sample in English.
2120	Extracts the day from a datetime value and returns it as a Pandas Series.
2121	Returns the day names of a datetime sample in English.
2122	Returns the week ordinal of the year for a given datetime column.
2123	Extracts the hour from a datetime column.
2124	Extracts the minute from a datetime column.
2125	Extracts the second out of a datetime samples.
2126	Capitalize the first letter of each string in an array of strings.
2127	Concatenate two string columns on a row-by-row basis.
2128	Check if a string pattern or regex is contained within a string sample and return an expression indicating the result.
2129	Count the number of occurrences of a pattern in each sample of a string column.
2130	Find the lowest indices in each string in a column where the provided substring is fully contained, returning -1 if not found.
2131	Extract a character from each sample at the specified position from a string column. If the position is out of bounds, return an empty string instead of NaN.
2132	Returns the lowest indices in each string in a column where a provided substring is fully contained, similar to `str.find`.
2133	Converts a string expression to lower case.
2134	Remove leading characters from a string sample.
2135	Pad strings in a given column with spaces or custom characters to a specified width on either the left, right, or both sides.
2136	Repeat each string in a column a specified number of times.
2137	Returns the highest indices in each string in a column, where the provided substring is fully contained between within a sample, or -1 if not found.
2138	Return the highest indices in each string in a column where the provided substring is fully contained. Same as `str.rfind`.
2139	Fills the left side of string samples with a specified character to achieve a specified width.
2140	Remove trailing characters from a string based on a specified set of characters.
2141	Slice substrings from each string element in a column.
2142	Removes leading and trailing characters from each string sample in a column, both from the left and right sides.
2143	Converts all string samples in a column to titlecase.
2144	Converts all strings in a column to uppercase.
2145	Attempts to convert a numpy array to the most sensible dtype, trying int, then float, and returns the original array if a ValueError occurs.
2146	Converts the object's dictionary to a numpy record array.
2147	Stores properties in a Java properties format file with optional comments and timestamp.
2148	Writes a comment to a file in Java properties format, handling newlines by continuing the comment on subsequent lines.
2149	Write a single property to the file in Java properties format.
2150	Incrementally reads key/value pairs from a Java .properties file, yielding them as tuples, and optionally including comments.
2151	Wrap a file to convert newlines regardless of whether the file was opened with the "universal newlines" option or not.
2152	Prints the version information for all librosa dependencies.
2153	Handles the renaming of arguments, updating the value if the old argument is deprecated and issuing a deprecation warning otherwise.
2154	Sets the FFT library used by librosa.
2155	This function performs beat tracking on an audio file and saves the beat event timestamps as a CSV file.
2156	Load audio, estimate tuning, apply pitch correction, and save.
2157	Converts frame indices to audio sample indices by multiplying by hop_length and adding an optional offset based on the FFT window length.
2158	Converts sample indices into STFT frames by dividing by the hop length and optionally adjusting for FFT windowing.
2159	Converts time stamps into STFT frames.
2160	Converts MIDI numbers to note strings, optionally including octave and cent information.
2161	Convert frequencies in Hz to Mels using either the Slaney (default) or HTK formula.
2162	Converts mel bin numbers to frequencies.
2163	Utility function to calculate the frequency vector for a Fast Fourier Transform with given sampling rate and window size.
2164	Compute the center frequencies of Constant-Q bins.
2165	Compute a vector of frequencies uniformly spaced on the Mel scale.
2166	Compute the A-weighting of a set of frequencies using a logarithmic weighting formula.
2167	Return an array of time values to match the time axis from a feature matrix.
2168	Return an array of sample indices to match the time axis from a feature matrix.
2169	Compute the hybrid constant-Q transform of an audio signal using pseudo CQT for higher frequencies and full CQT for lower frequencies.
2170	Compute the pseudo constant-Q transform of an audio signal by projecting its short-time Fourier transform onto a basis of filters designed to capture the tonal characteristics of musical signals.
2171	Calculate the inverse constant-Q transform to reconstruct an audio time-series from its constant-Q representation.
2172	Generate frequency domain constant-Q filter basis using FFT and sparsify the basis.
2173	Helper function to trim and stack a collection of CQT responses, clean up framing errors, and clip bottom frequencies.
2174	Computes the filter response for a given signal y using a constant-Q transform with specified FFT basis and hop length.
2175	Compute the number of early downsampling operations for a given audio signal based on its Nyquist frequency, filter cutoff, hop length, and desired number of octaves.
2176	Early downsample an audio signal if necessary, adjust the sampling rate and hop length accordingly, and resample the signal if using 'kaiser_fast' res_type.
2177	Calculates the accumulated cost matrix D using dynamic programming to determine the optimal alignment path between two sequences, considering various step sizes, weights, and constraints.
2178	Backtracks the optimal warping path using the saved step sizes and returns the warping path with index pairs.
2179	Returns None, as all computations are performed in-place on the input arrays.
2180	r Viterbi decoding from discriminative state predictions.
2181	Construct a uniform transition matrix over a given number of states.
2182	Construct a self-loop transition matrix over `n_states` where the probability of a self-transition is `p` and the probability of transitioning to any other state is `(1 - p) / (n_states - 1)`.
2183	Construct a cyclic transition matrix for a given number of states and transition probabilities.
2184	r Constructs a localized transition matrix for state spaces that discretely approximate continuous variables.
2185	Basic onset detection using peak-picking in an onset strength envelope.
2186	Compute a spectral flux onset strength envelope by determining the mean flux at each time frame, optionally filtering and aggregating the results.
2187	Backtracking detected onset events to the nearest preceding local minimum of an energy function.
2188	Compute a spectral flux onset strength envelope across multiple channels.
2189	Save time steps and annotations as a CSV file.
2190	Output a time series as a .wav file.
2191	Determine and return a default colormap based on the input data's type, range, and specified parameters.
2192	Plots the amplitude envelope of a waveform, handling both mono and stereo signals, with options for downsampling and customization.
2193	Helper function to set the current image in pyplot mode. If the provided `ax` is `None`, it sets the current image to the given `img` using `matplotlib.pyplot.sci()`.
2194	Compute axis coordinates for a given axis type and number of coordinates.
2195	Check if the provided `axes` is a matplotlib axis object, and return it if so; otherwise, use the current axes (`gca`).
2196	Set the axis scaling based on the given axis type and scaling criteria.
2197	Compute the frequencies for FFT bins centered at their respective frequencies and clipped to the non-negative frequency range.
2198	Compute the frequencies for Mel bins given the number of bins and optional minimum and maximum frequencies.
2199	Get CQT bin frequencies based on the number of bins, minimum frequency, and bins per octave.
2200	Get chroma bin numbers
2201	Get time coordinates from frames
2202	Estimate the tuning deviation of an audio signal or spectrogram in fractions of a bin.
2203	Function that estimates pitch trajectory using thresholded parabolically-interpolated short-time Fourier transform.
2204	Decompose an audio time series into harmonic and percussive components.
2205	Extract harmonic elements from an audio time-series by removing percussive components using Harshman's method.
2206	Extract percussive elements from an audio time-series by removing harmonic components.
2207	Time-stretch an audio series by a fixed rate.
2208	Performs pitch-shifting on a given audio time-series by a specified number of half-steps using the librosa library, considering the sampling rate and optional parameters for resizing and resampling.
2209	Remix an audio signal by re-ordering time intervals, optionally aligning boundaries to zero-crossings.
2210	Return a frame-wise non-silent indicator for an audio input signal.
2211	Trim leading and trailing silence from an audio signal.
2212	Split an audio signal into non-silent intervals based on energy threshold.
2213	Time-stretch an STFT representation by a given rate.
2214	Convert an amplitude spectrogram to dB-scaled spectrogram.
2215	Helper function to retrieve a magnitude spectrogram, primarily used in feature extraction functions operating on audio time-series or spectrogram input.
2216	HPSS beat tracking
2217	Decomposes a feature matrix into components and activations using non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) or any sklearn.decomposition-type object, and optionally sorts the components by ascending peak frequency.
2218	The function `nn_filter` filters input data (e.g., a spectrogram) by replacing each data point with the result of aggregating its nearest neighbors in feature space, using a recurrence matrix to define the neighbors and a specified aggregation function.
2219	Applies the nearest-neighbor filter to observation data using a recurrence matrix, aggregating neighbors using the specified operator and optional weights.
2220	Create a filterbank matrix to combine FFT bins into Mel-frequency bins.
2221	Create a filterbank matrix to convert Short-Time Fourier Transform (STFT) to chroma
2222	Guarantee that for fractional `x`, the window function has length `np.ceil(x)` and all values from `np.floor(x)` are set to 0.
2223	construct a constant-Q basis using a filter bank described by McVicar
2224	Return the length of each filter in a constant-Q basis.
2225	Converts a Constant-Q basis to Chroma.
2226	Calculate the equivalent noise bandwidth of a window function.
2227	Computes and returns a window function of the specified type and length, supporting various input formats for the window specification.
2228	Helper function to construct a multirate filterbank using specified parameters and filter design type.
2229	Helper function for generating center frequency and sample rate pairs to obtain similar pitch filterbank settings.
2230	Helper function for window sum-square calculation.
2231	Compute the sum-square envelope of a window function at a given hop length for estimating modulation effects in short-time Fourier transforms.
2232	Build a two-dimensional diagonal filter for smoothing recurrence or self-similarity matrices.
2233	Compute the spectral centroid of an audio signal, which is the weighted mean of the frequencies present in the signal.
2234	Compute the roll-off frequency for each frame in a spectrogram, defined as the center frequency such that at least a specified percentage of the total energy in the frame is contained within that bin and below.
2235	Estimator of a sound's tonality, quantifying how much noise-like it is compared to a tone, often returned on a decibel scale.
2236	Gets coefficients of fitting an nth-order polynomial to the columns of a spectrogram.
2237	Return the fraction of zero crossings in each frame of an audio time series.
2238	Compute a chromagram from a waveform or power spectrogram using a chroma filter bank.
2239	Compute a constant-Q chromagram from audio time series.
2240	Compute a mel-scaled spectrogram from a time-series audio signal or a pre-computed spectrogram.
2241	Computes the Jaccard similarity between two intervals
2242	Find the best Jaccard match from query to candidates by iterating over the candidates and calculating the Jaccard score with each interval, then returning the index of the candidate with the highest score.
2243	sorts intervals and matches them efficiently, returning candidates or the closest interval based on the distance.
2244	Match intervals from one set to another based on Jaccard similarity, with options for strict or non-strict matching.
2245	Find the nearest matching event in events_to for each event in events_from.
2246	Compute the harmonic salience function, measuring the overall harmonic energy at each frequency in a given time-frequency magnitude representation.
2247	Compute the energy at harmonics of a frequency-based energy representation using interpolation.
2248	Populate a harmonic tensor from a time-frequency representation using interpolation.
2249	Populate a harmonic tensor from a time-frequency representation with time-varying frequencies using 1D harmonic computation along a specified axis.
2250	Load an audio file as a floating point time series, optionally resampling, monoconvertng, and trimming it.
2251	Load an audio buffer using audioread.
2252	Converts a stereo audio signal to a monophonic audio signal.
2253	Resample a time series from the original sampling rate to the target sampling rate using different resampling methods.
2254	Compute the bounded auto-correlation of an input array along a specified axis up to a maximum correlation lag.
2255	Estimate coefficients of a linear filter on a time series using Burg's method.
2256	Compose a signal with clicks placed at specified times or frames.
2257	generates a cosine wave tone signal at a specified frequency, sampling rate, length, duration, and phase offset
2258	Generate a chirp signal that transitions from an initial frequency to a final frequency over time.
2259	Helper function to get files with specific extensions in a single directory
2260	Phase-vocoder time stretch demo function that reads an audio file, stretches its time by a specified speed factor, and saves the output to a new file.
2261	Parse arguments from the command line for time stretching example.
2262	Separates the harmonic and percussive components of an audio file and saves them as separate WAV files.
2263	Tracks beats in an audio time series using dynamic programming.
2264	Return an array of frame numbers corresponding to detected beat events.
2265	Construct the local score for an onset envelope using a period-based window and convolution.
2266	Do a dynamic programming for beat tracking.
2267	Finds the last beat in a cumulative score array by identifying the maximum scores, calculating the median, and finding the maximum index where the score is above twice the median.
2268	Converts a recurrence matrix into a lag matrix by shifting elements based on the specified axis and padding option.
2269	Converts a lag matrix into a recurrence matrix by shifting a copy of the input array a specified number of times along the specified axis.
2270	Apply a filtering function in the time-lag domain and transform it back to the original time-domain.
2271	Utility function to sub-divide a segmentation by feature clustering, partitioning each interval defined by beat or segment boundaries into `n_segments` by constrained agglomerative clustering.
2272	Bottom-up temporal segmentation using agglomerative clustering to partition data into `k` contiguous segments.
2273	Enhances a similarity matrix by applying multiple diagonal smoothing filters at varying orientations and aggregating the results using an element-wise maximum, providing coherent temporal smoothing of self-similarity matrices with changes in tempo.
2274	This function performs onset detection on an input audio file, saves the onset timestamps as a CSV file, and prints the number of detected onsets.
2275	Slice a time series into overlapping frames using low-level stride manipulation to avoid redundant copies of the time series data.
2276	Validate whether an audio variable is valid and optionally monophonic.
2277	Ensure that an input value is integer-typed, optionally using a custom function for casting.
2278	Fixes the length of an array to a specified size by padding or trimming as needed.
2279	Sorts an array along its rows or columns based on the specified axis, using a given value function for the sort order, and optionally returns the sorting index.
2280	Normalize an array along a chosen axis by scaling it so that the norm of the array is 1, with support for thresholding and filling options.
2281	Find local maxima in an array `x` along a specified axis.
2282	Utilizes a flexible heuristic to identify peaks in a signal by evaluating conditions related to maximum and average values within specified sliding windows and a minimum time gap between detected peaks.
2283	This function converts a matrix into a row-sparse matrix by discarding a specified percentage of the minimum magnitude elements in each row.
2284	Roll a sparse matrix by a specified number of positions along a given axis.
2285	convert an integer buffer to floating point values
2286	Generate a slice array from an index array, with optional padding and step size.
2287	Synchronizes a multi-dimensional array between boundaries by applying an aggregation function to segments defined by indices.
2288	Given two non-negative input arrays X and X_ref, compute a softmask or hardmask based on the specified power and split_zeros parameter, where the mask represents the relative strength of X compared to X_ref.
2289	Compute the smallest usable number representable in an input's data type.
2290	Read frame images from a directory and join them as a video
2291	Reads the next frame from a video capture object, caching it for future access.
2292	Get a frame by index.
2293	Convert a video to frame images and store them in the specified output directory.
2294	Track the progress of tasks execution using a progress bar and return the task results.
2295	Track the progress of parallel task execution with a progress bar using the multiprocessing module.
2296	Flips an image horizontally or vertically based on the specified direction.
2297	Rotate an image by a specified angle around a given center with optional scaling and border value, and return the rotated image.
2298	Clip bounding boxes to fit within the image dimensions.
2299	Scale bounding boxes around their center by a given factor and optionally clip them to a specified shape.
2300	Crop image patches by scaling, clipping, and padding.
2301	Pad an image to a certain shape with specified padding values.
2302	Pad an image to ensure each edge to be multiple to some number.
2303	Rescale a size by a ratio.
2304	Resizes an image to a given size and potentially returns the scaling factors for the width and height.
2305	Resize image to match the size of a given image.
2306	Resize an image while maintaining the aspect ratio, applying a scaling factor or maximum size, and optionally returning the scaling factor.
2307	Registers a handler for specific file formats.
2308	Get the priority value, validating and converting an integer, string, or enum type to an integer.
2309	Dequantize an array by scaling and clipping values to a specified range.
2310	Show an image and wait for a specified amount of time.
2311	Draw bounding boxes on an image.
2312	Read an optical flow map from a file or numpy array, optionally quantizing and concatenating axes.
2313	Writes optical flow to file in either a lossless .flo format or a lossy jpeg format by concatenating dx and dy.
2314	Recover dequantized flow from quantized dx and dy.
2315	Loads a state dictionary into a module, mapping keys and copying parameters, and logs any unexpected or missing keys based on the strict flag.
2316	Load a model checkpoint from a file or URI.
2317	Copies a model state_dict to CPU.
2318	Save a model checkpoint to a file with optional optimizer and metadata.
2319	Initialize an optimizer object from a dictionary or an existing optimizer object.
2320	Initialize and configure a logger with an optional log file directory and logging level.
2321	Get current learning rates of all parameter groups in the optimizer.
2322	Registers a hook into a sorted list based on its priority.
2323	Start running a sequence of training and validation epochs using specified data loaders and workflow.
2324	Register default hooks for training, including LrUpdaterHook, OptimizerStepperHook, CheckpointSaverHook, IterTimerHook, and LoggerHook(s).
2325	Convert a video file using ffmpeg with specified options and print the command if requested.
2326	Resizes a video file to the specified size or ratio, optionally keeping the aspect ratio, and logs the process at the specified level.
2327	Cuts a video clip based on the provided start and end times, applying specified codecs and logging level.
2328	Convert multiple videos into a single file by concatenating them.
2329	Load a text file and parse the content as a list of strings, applying an optional prefix, offset, and maximum number of lines to read.
2330	Load a text file and parse the content as a dictionary, where the first column of each line is used as the key and the remaining columns as the value.
2331	"3x3 convolution with padding"
2332	Initialize an object from a dictionary, where the dictionary specifies the object type and its arguments.
2333	Reads an image from a given path or directly from a numpy array, optionally specifying the color type.
2334	Read an image from bytes and return it as a NumPy array.
2335	Write image to file with optional parameters and auto-mkdir functionality.
2336	Convert a BGR image to a grayscale image, optionally keeping the third dimension.
2337	Convert a grayscale image to BGR image.
2338	Converts elements of an iterable object into a specified type, and returns an iterator or a specified type based on the `return_type` parameter.
2339	Check whether all elements in a sequence are of the expected type.
2340	Slice a list into several sublists based on a list of given lengths.
2341	Decorator factory to check if specified prerequisites are satisfied before executing a function.
2342	Calculate the average of the latest n values or all values for each key in val_history, using the corresponding values from n_history, and store the results in output.
2343	Scatters a tensor across multiple GPUs.
2344	Converts various input to a BGR color tuple.
2345	Registers a timer with a given identifier and returns the time elapsed since the last check if the timer already exists.
2346	Starts a timer if it is not already running.
2347	Calculates the total time in seconds since a timer was started.
2348	Calculates and returns the time elapsed since the last check in seconds.
2349	Show optical flow with optional window name and wait time.
2350	Return an RGB image that visually represents the optical flow.
2351	Builds a color wheel with a specified number of bins for each color range, returning an ndarray of shape (total_bins, 3).
2352	Computes the precision@k for the specified values of k
2353	Scatter the input data across multiple GPUs.
2354	Scatters inputs and keyword arguments across multiple GPUs and ensures they are of equal length.
2355	Fetch all the information by using aiohttp and handle potential errors such as timeouts and retries.
2356	Read and decodes JSON response.
2357	Read response payload and decode into a string.
2358	Process coroutine callback function.
2359	A coroutine for making multiple requests to a list of URLs and yielding responses.
2360	Returns a Request class instance with the specified configuration for crawling HTML.
2361	Start crawling by processing initial URLs and launching worker tasks, then awaiting completion and stopping the process as needed.
2362	Ensures tasks have an action key and strings are converted to python objects.
2363	Parses YAML data with line numbers and associates them with nodes, handling specific versions and potential errors.
2364	Method returns distribution full name with hyphens replaced by underscores
2365	Return archive name without extension based on distribution name and tags.
2366	Add additional requirements from setup.cfg to file metadata_path, overwriting existing values if necessary.
2367	Convert an .egg-info directory into a .dist-info directory
2368	Given some text and optional parameters, return an Activity object representing a text message.
2369	Constructs a message with suggested actions and optional text.
2370	Returns a single message activity containing an attachment.
2371	Returns a message that will display a set of attachments in list form.
2372	Given a URL and content type, return an attachment activity to display a single image or video to a user.
2373	Creates a trace activity based on the provided turn activity with optional parameters.
2374	Sets the telemetry client for logging events, or uses a NullTelemetryClient if the value is None.
2375	Reads storeitems from storage using provided keys and returns a dictionary.
2376	Saves store items to storage by inserting new documents or replacing existing ones based on the eTag.
2377	Remove store items from storage by keys.
2378	Creates a StoreItem from a result retrieved from CosmosDB.
2379	Return a dictionary representation of a StoreItem, excluding non-magic attributes and the e_tag.
2380	Replace characters that are not allowed in keys in Cosmos with '*' and the Unicode code point of the character.
2381	Create a database and container using the provided configuration.
2382	Check if a database exists in CosmosDB, and create it if it doesn't, then return the database link.
2383	This interface checks if a container exists in a CosmosDB database and creates it if it doesn't.
2384	This method populates and returns event data for QnAMessage telemetry based on query results and turn context, incorporating optional custom properties and metrics.
2385	Returns the conversation reference for an activity.
2386	Generates a unique name for a waterfall step.
2387	Determine if a Channel supports a given number of suggested actions based on the Channel's ID.
2388	Determine if a number of Card Actions are supported by a Channel based on the channel ID and the number of button Actions.
2389	Get the Channel Id from the current Activity on the Turn Context.
2390	Determines if a given Auth header is from the Bot Framework Emulator.
2391	Converts a HeroCard object into an Attachment object, raising a TypeError if the input is not a HeroCard instance.
2392	A method that returns instruction parameters, either by recursively collecting them from a definition or returning a pre-defined set of parameters.
2393	Reverse the order of sub-gates in a composite instruction recursively, creating a new instruction with the gates in reverse order without inverting them.
2394	Invert this instruction and recursively invert its definition if it's composite.
2395	Add classical control on register classical and value val.
2396	Creates a shallow copy of an instruction with an optional new name.
2397	Adds an if statement to the given string if control is not None.
2398	Return a default OpenQASM string for the instruction, possibly overriding for different formats.
2399	Run all registered passes on a QuantumCircuit and return the transformed circuit.
2400	Run a pass and its dependencies on a DAG circuit, updating it if it's a transformation pass.
2401	Returns a list structure of the appended passes and its options.
2402	Fetches the passes added to this flow controller and returns a dictionary containing the options, passes, and type of the flow controller.
2403	Constructs a flow controller based on partially evaluated controller arguments, handling registered controllers and raising errors for invalid inputs.
2404	Apply U to q using UBase(theta, phi, lam) and return the result.
2405	Apply a single qubit gate to the qubit and return the corresponding U gate parameters.
2406	Computes the matrix representation of a single qubit gate given the gate name and parameters.
2407	Return the index string for Numpy.einsum matrix-matrix multiplication.
2408	Return the index string for Numpy.einsum matrix-vector multiplication.
2409	Generates index strings for NumPy's einsum function to perform matrix multiplication between an N-qubit vector and a subsystem of an M-qubit matrix, with M <= N, and implies identity matrices on the uncontracted subsystems.
2410	Convert a QuantumCircuit object into a DAGCircuit object.
2411	Fit the exponential decay function with parameters a, tau, and c.
2412	Fit the decay cosine function.
2413	Function that plots coherence data using matplotlib, including error bars and a fit line.
2414	Converts raw RB data into averages and standard deviations.
2415	Plots randomized benchmarking data, including individual sequence results, mean with error bars, and a fit curve.
2416	finds runs containing parameterized gates and splits them into sequential runs excluding the parameterized gates
2417	Compose a single unitary transformation u3 by multiplying two other unitary transformations defined by angles theta1, phi1, lambda1, and theta2, phi2, lambda2.
2418	Express a Y.Z.Y single qubit gate as a Z.Y.Z gate.
2419	Validates the input to state visualization functions by ensuring it is a valid quantum state.
2420	Trim a PIL image and remove white space.
2421	Get the list of qubits drawing this gate would cover.
2422	Build an ``Instruction`` object from a ``QuantumCircuit``.
2423	Pick a convenient layout for a DAG circuit based on qubit connectivity and set the property `layout`.
2424	Computes the qubit mapping with the best connectivity for a subset of qubits.
2425	Applies a barrier to qubits in a quantum circuit, affecting all qubits if none are specified.
2426	Computes the mean value of a diagonal observable using counts from an experiment.
2427	Process an Id or IndexedId node as a bit or register type and return a list of tuples (Register,index).
2428	This method processes a custom unitary node by checking if the gate name exists in a predefined list of gates and then creating a directed acyclic graph (DAG) operation based on the gate arguments and bits. If the gate name is not found, it raises a QiskitError.
2429	Processes a gate node by extracting its properties and storing them in a dictionary.
2430	Process a CNOT gate node and apply the gate to the appropriate qubits based on their indices.
2431	Process a measurement node and apply a measurement operation to corresponding qubits, raising an error if the register sizes do not match.
2432	Process an if node by evaluating a condition and processing its body.
2433	Creates a DAG node for a given quantum operation.
2434	Return the duration of the supplied channels.
2435	Return minimum start time for supplied channels.
2436	Return the maximum start time for the supplied channels.
2437	Iterable for flattening Schedule tree.
2438	Validates a value against the correct type of the field using a list of expected types.
2439	Include unknown fields in data after dumping.
2440	Include unknown fields after load.
2441	Create a patched Schema for validating models by overriding the `_deserialize()` method of its fields to call a custom validation function provided by Qiskit.
2442	Given an instance, validate its internal representation using its schema, raising a ModelValidationError if invalid.
2443	Add validation before running the init method.
2444	Serialize the model into a Python dictionary using the bound schema.
2445	Deserialize a dict of simple types into an instance of this class.
2446	n-qubit QFT on q in circ.
2447	Partial trace over subsystems of a multi-partite vector to obtain a reduced density matrix.
2448	Flatten a density matrix to a vector in a specified basis, such as column-major, row-major, Pauli, or Pauli with weights.
2449	Devectorize a vectorized square matrix into a rectangular matrix using different methods such as column-major, row-major, Pauli basis, and Pauli basis ordered by weight.
2450	Convert a Choi-matrix to a Pauli-basis superoperator.
2451	Truncates small values of a complex array to zero and returns a new array.
2452	Constructs the outer product of two vectors, or the projector of a single vector if the second vector is not provided.
2453	Calculate the concurrence of a quantum state or density matrix, handling 1x4 arrays as quantum states and 4x4 arrays as density matrices, and raising an exception if the state is not defined for more than two qubits.
2454	Compute the Shannon entropy of a probability vector.
2455	Compute the von-Neumann entropy of a quantum state.
2456	Compute the mutual information of a bipartite state.
2457	Compute the entanglement of formation of a quantum state, either a bipartite state vector or a 2-qubit density matrix.
2458	Compute the Entanglement of Formation of a 2-qubit density matrix.
2459	Create a flattened schedule from a given schedule component.
2460	Shift a schedule by a specified time and optionally rename it.
2461	Recombine two schedules by inserting one into another at a specified time.
2462	Return a new schedule by appending child to parent at the last time of the parent schedule's channels over the intersection of the parent and child schedule's channels.
2463	Applies a 3-parameter unitary gate (U3 gate) to a quantum qubit (q).
2464	Return the status of the backend.
2465	Initialize and start a progress bar with a specified number of iterations.
2466	Estimates the remaining time in a task based on the number of completed iterations.
2467	Disassembles a qobj object, extracting circuits, run_config, and user header.
2468	Return the number of positions at which the corresponding symbols are different in two bit strings.
2469	Generate quaternion for rotation about given axis.
2470	Generate a quaternion from a set of Euler angles.
2471	Normalizes a Quaternion to unit length so that it represents a valid rotation.
2472	Converts a unit-length quaternion to a rotation matrix.
2473	Converts a unit-length quaternion to a sequence of ZYZ Euler angles.
2474	Prepares received data for representation by selecting a specified number of elements and calculating their proportion.
2475	Create a histogram representation of input data using a vertical bars style graph.
2476	Customizes the `check_type` method to handle containers by first checking the type of the root value and then recursively checking the type of each item in the container.
2477	Raise error if the index j is out of range for the register.
2478	Test if an array is a square matrix with equal dimensions.
2479	Test if an array is a diagonal matrix.
2480	Test if an array is a symmetric matrix.
2481	Test if a matrix is Hermitian.
2482	Test if a matrix is positive semidefinite by checking if it is Hermitian and all eigenvalues are non-negative.
2483	Test if a matrix is an identity matrix, optionally ignoring phase.
2484	``` Return a boolean indicating whether the given matrix is a unitary matrix. ```
2485	Transforms a QuantumChannel to its Choi representation based on the specified input representation.
2486	Transforms a QuantumChannel to its SuperOp representation based on the given representation type.
2487	Transform a QuantumChannel to the Kraus representation.
2488	Transform a QuantumChannel to the Chi representation.
2489	Transform a QuantumChannel to the PTM representation.
2490	Transform a QuantumChannel to the Stinespring representation.
2491	Transform a QuantumChannel to the Operator representation based on the input representation type.
2492	Transforms a QuantumChannel representation from one form to another.
2493	Transforms Stinespring representation to Operator representation and raises an error if the channel cannot be converted.
2494	Transform SuperOp representation to Choi representation by reshuffling the data into a new shape.
2495	Transforms a Choi matrix to its corresponding SuperOperator representation.
2496	Transform Kraus representation to Choi representation.
2497	Transforms a Choi matrix representation to a Kraus matrix representation, handling both CP-map and generalized Kraus representations.
2498	Convert a Stinespring representation to a Kraus representation for quantum operations.
2499	Transforms the Stinespring representation to the Choi representation.
2500	Transforms a Kraus representation of a quantum channel into its Stinespring representation.
2501	The function transforms a Kraus representation of a quantum channel to its corresponding Superoperator representation.
2502	Transform Chi representation to a Choi representation.
2503	Transform Choi representation to the Chi representation.
2504	Compute tensor product of two bipartite matrices and reshape the result.
2505	Transforms a bipartite matrix representation from the Pauli basis to another basis, renormalizing to avoid rounding errors.
2506	Return true if dims correspond to an n-qubit channel.
2507	Hide tick lines and labels on an axis
2508	Set x, y, and z labels for 3D plots based on specified conventions.
2509	Resets Bloch sphere data sets to empty.
2510	Add a list of vectors to the Bloch sphere.
2511	Add a text or LaTeX annotation to Bloch sphere, parametrized by a qubit state or a vector.
2512	Rendering of a Bloch sphere with its data sets in a given figure and axes.
2513	Visualize the front half of a sphere.
2514	Method to display the Bloch sphere and corresponding data sets.
2515	Deprecated function `two_qubit_kak` that synthesizes a given unitary matrix using the KAK decomposition; now accessible under `qiskit.quantum_info.synthesis`.
2516	Constructs the top line of the element
2517	Constructs the middle line of an element by formatting and padding its content.
2518	Constructs and formats the bottom line of the element based on various padding and centering options.
2519	The length of the element, including the box around.
2520	Returns formatted parameters for a label or None if there are no parameters or if all parameters are numpy.ndarrays.
2521	Creates the label for a box, including the instruction name and any parameters if provided.
2522	Method returns the LaTeX string representation of a math mode expression, either as a standalone name or nested within another scope.
2523	Convert a list of circuits into a qobj for execution on a quantum backend.
2524	Apply filters to deprecation warnings for the qiskit module and silence specific warnings related to Marshmallow.
2525	Returns a dictionary containing basic hardware information about the local machine, including the operating system, total memory in GB, and the number of physical CPU cores.
2526	Checks if there is an internet connection to a specified host and port.
2527	Handle updating the status of a HTML job monitor.
2528	Create a continuous constant pulse for given times with a specified amplitude.
2529	Continuous square wave generator.
2530	Return a continuous triangle wave with specified amplitude, period, and phase.
2531	Generates a continuous cosine wave for given times, amplitude, frequency, and phase.
2532	Adjust Gaussian pulse amplitude and offset to ensure it is zeroed at a specified width and optionally rescale the amplitude.
2533	Generate a continuous unnormalized Gaussian pulse with specified amplitude, center, and sigma, optionally zeroing baseline and rescaling amplitude.
2534	Calculate the derivative of a Gaussian pulse.
2535	Gaussian square pulse simulation.
2536	Factory that creates a pass manager for transpiling quantum circuits to target devices, taking into account the specified basis gates, coupling map, initial layout, and transpiler seed.
2537	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
2538	Tests if a given register is in the circuit.
2539	Reverse the order of instructions in the circuit while preserving the gates.
2540	Invert a quantum circuit by recursively inverting all its gates and return the inverted circuit.
2541	Append an instruction to the end of a quantum circuit, modifying the circuit in place and handling qubits and clbits accordingly.
2542	Append an instruction to the circuit with specified qargs and cargs.
2543	Add registers to a quantum circuit.
2544	Raise exception if list of qubits contains duplicates.
2545	Raise exception if a qarg is not in this circuit or bad format.
2546	Check if classical arguments in qiskit circuit are in correct format and register.
2547	Raises an exception if the circuits are defined on incompatible registers.
2548	Return OpenQASM string.
2549	Draws the quantum circuit in various formats such as ASCII art, LaTeX, and matplotlib.
2550	Returns the total number of gate operations in the circuit excluding barriers and snapshots.
2551	This method returns the total number of qubits and clbits in a quantum circuit.
2552	counts each operation kind in the circuit and returns a breakdown of how many operations of each kind
2553	Counts the number of non-entangled subcircuits (connected components) that a quantum circuit can be factored into, optionally considering only the unitary part of the graph.
2554	Return a copy of the circuit with parameters assigned to specified values, raising an error if parameters are not present in the circuit.
2555	Assigns a parameter value to matching instructions in-place.
2556	Plot the interpolated envelope of a pulse using specified parameters.
2557	Searches for SWAPs to apply the most gates in a quantum circuit, with a limit on depth and width, and returns the best solution step.
2558	Map all gates that can be executed with the current layout and return the mapped and remaining gates.
2559	Return the sum of the distances of two-qubit pairs in each CNOT in gates according to the layout and the coupling.
2560	Count the number of mapped two-qubit gates, adjusted for added swaps.
2561	Returns a copy of source_dag with metadata but empty, generating only a single qreg in the output DAG that matches the size of the coupling_map.
2562	Applies a virtual gate to a given layout by mapping the gate's QNodes to the corresponding physical qubits in the layout.
2563	Generate list of ops to implement a SWAP gate along a coupling edge.
2564	Run one pass of the lookahead mapper on the provided DAG to map it compatible with the coupling map.
2565	This method adds a physical qubit to the coupling graph and raises an error if the qubit already exists.
2566	This function adds a directed edge to a coupling graph and ensures both source and destination physical qubits are in the physical qubits list.
2567	Returns a new CouplingMap object representing a subgraph of the original graph.
2568	Returns a sorted list of physical qubits.
2569	Test if the graph is connected. Return True if connected, False otherwise.
2570	Compute the full distance matrix on pairs of nodes in a graph.
2571	Calculate the undirected distance between two physical qubits using a distance matrix, raising an error if the qubits do not exist in the CouplingMap.
2572	Compile one or more quantum circuits using a specified backend and transpiler settings.
2573	Applies a cu1 gate from control qubit ctl to target qubit tgt with the given angle theta.
2574	Inverts all instructions in-place.
2575	Add controls to all instructions.
2576	Add classical control register to all instructions.
2577	Subscribes a callable to an event that will be executed when the event is emitted, preventing double registration.
2578	Emits an event if subscribers exist and calls their callbacks with the provided arguments.
2579	Unsubscribes a specific callback from an event.
2580	Triggers an event and associates some data with it, then calls the callback of any subscribers synchronously.
2581	Apply the initialize gate to the specified qubits in the circuit.
2582	Define a quantum circuit to initialize a state.
2583	Create a quantum circuit to undo the effect of a given set of gates on a quantum state.
2584	Computes the Bloch angles for a pair of complex numbers representing a qubit state.
2585	Constructs a recursive circuit to implement a multiplexor using quantum gates.
2586	Checks if the given value has the format of a virtual qubit.
2587	Returns a copy of a Layout instance
2588	Returns a dictionary mapping virtual bits to physical bits from another layout, used for composing dags.
2589	Applies a Toffoli gate to the target qubit controlled by the two control qubits.
2590	Return a new schedule with `schedule` inserted within `self` at `start_time`.
2591	Checks if an attribute name is in a protected list and raises an error if it is.
2592	Converts gate tuples into a nested list of integers based on provided quantum registers and their sizes.
2593	Run the StochasticSwap pass on a DAG to map it to a coupling map using a given layout.
2594	Construct and output a DAGCircuit for a new mapped layer based on the provided layout, depth, and operations.
2595	Return the Pauli group with 4^n elements.
2596	Take a pauli string to construct a pauli operator.
2597	Constructing a Pauli object from boolean arrays, raising errors if input is invalid.
2598	Multiplies two Pauli operators and returns the resulting Pauli operator and the sign of the multiplication.
2599	Convert to Operator object.
2600	A method that converts a Pauli string into a Qiskit QuantumCircuit instruction.
2601	Update partial or entire z for a Pauli object.
2602	Updating partial or entire x and validating the number of qubits when updating the whole x.
2603	Insert or append Paulis to targeted indices, updating the Pauli object accordingly.
2604	Appends Paulis at the end of the list.
2605	Deletion of Qubits at specified indices.
2606	Generate a random Pauli operator with a given number of qubits and an optional seed.
2607	Generates a single qubit Pauli operator at a specified index with a given Pauli label.
2608	Simulate the outcome of measuring a qubit and return the result along with its probability.
2609	Generate memory samples from the current statevector based on specified measurement parameters and number of samples.
2610	Applying a measure instruction to a qubit and updating the quantum and classical states accordingly.
2611	Apply a reset instruction to a qubit by simulating a measurement outcome and projecting onto the outcome state while renormalizing.
2612	Validate an initial statevector's length matches the number of qubits.
2613	Set the initial statevector for quantum simulation, either to all zero states or to a user-provided initial statevector, and reshape it into a rank-N tensor.
2614	Convert a statevector to a JSON Result spec format, handling complex numbers and truncating small values.
2615	Determine if measure sampling is allowed for an experiment based on the number of shots and the experiment configuration or circuit instructions.
2616	Submit a Qobj for asynchronous execution on a backend with optional options.
2617	Run experiments in qobj and return a Result object.
2618	Performs semantic validations on a quantum object (qobj) to check the number of qubits and the presence of classical registers and measurements.
2619	Validate and check the shape of an initial unitary matrix for a quantum operation.
2620	Initialize the unitary matrix for simulation, setting it to the identity matrix if not specified, and then reshape it into a rank-N tensor.
2621	Return the current unitary in JSON Result spec format.
2622	Run experiments in a Qobj and return the results.
2623	Checks that a quantum job's number of qubits and shots are within allowed limits and that there are no measurements in the middle of the job.
2624	Determines if an object is a bit by checking if it is a tuple of a Register and an integer less than the length of the Register.
2625	Pick a layout by assigning n circuit qubits to device qubits 0, .., n-1.
2626	Given an interval, checks if it overlaps with another interval
2627	Return a new Interval with the same duration but shifted by the specified time from the original interval.
2628	Return a new Timeslot shifted by `time`.
2629	This function returns the earliest start time from a collection of channels.
2630	This interface returns the maximum stop time of timeslots across given channels.
2631	Checks if a given time slot can be merged with a collection of timeslots by verifying that they do not overlap.
2632	Return a new TimeslotCollection by merging it with another TimeslotCollection.
2633	Return a new TimeslotCollection with each slot's interval shifted by the specified time.
2634	Reports on GitHub that the specified branch is failing to build at the specified commit, adding a comment or creating a new issue as needed.
2635	Sort and process data to create a dictionary mapping labels to real trace values.
2636	Create a Pauli vector representation for a quantum state using HTML and JavaScript.
2637	Applies an RZZ gate to the circuit with the given angle theta on the specified qubits.
2638	Applies a Fredkin gate to a quantum circuit with control, target1, and target2 qubits.
2639	initialize and compute gate and readout error reliabilities for quantum circuit optimization
2640	Create a program graph from a directed acyclic graph (DAG) with virtual qubits as nodes and weighted edges representing 2-qubit gates.
2641	Select the next edge in the pending program edges list with one endpoint already mapped to hardware. If no such edge exists, return the first edge in the list.
2642	Select best remaining CNOT gate for the next program edge.
2643	Identify the most reliable hardware qubit for the next program qubit by calculating the reliability based on swap costs and readout errors.
2644	Manages quantum circuit layout by selecting hardware qubits for program edges.
2645	Return a list of instructions for this CompositeGate, recursively including instructions from contained composites.
2646	Inverts this gate by reversing the order of its data and toggling its inverse flag.
2647	Add controls to this gate
2648	Modify the data list by applying c_if to each gate.
2649	Return True if operator is a unitary matrix.
2650	Return the conjugate of the operator.
2651	Return the transpose of the operator
2652	Return the matrix power of the operator.
2653	Return the tensor shape of the matrix operator.
2654	Converts a QuantumCircuit or Instruction to an Operator.
2655	Updates the QASM string for an iteration of swap_mapper based on the best layout, depth, and circuit returned from the swap algorithm.
2656	Separate a bitstring according to the registers defined in the result header.
2657	Converts experiment result memory for measurement level 0 to a complex numpy array and validates its shape.
2658	Formats an experiment result memory object for measurement level 1.
2659	Format an experiment result memory object for measurement level 2.
2660	Return counts dictionary with formatted keys based on experiment header
2661	Converts a list of [re, im] complex numbers to a list of complex numbers, optionally rounding to a specified number of decimals.
2662	Format unitary matrix with optional decimal rounding for display in Qiskit.
2663	Decorates a method to ensure that a submit has been performed before calling it.
2664	Submit the job to the backend for execution and handle potential errors.
2665	Gets the current status of a job by querying a Python's future.
2666	Return True if `lo_freq` is within the `LoRange`.
2667	Display a bloch sphere representation of a quantum state.
2668	Embed default qubit LO frequencies from backend and format them to list object, updating with user configurations if provided.
2669	Embeds default measurement LO frequencies from the backend and formats them to a list object, updating with user-provided configurations if applicable.
2670	Expand all op nodes to the given basis in a DAGCircuit.
2671	Create a quantum sphere representation of the input array using HTML and JavaScript.
2672	Return the binomial coefficient for "n choose k".
2673	Return the lex index of a combination given the total number of options, the number of elements, and the list.
2674	Plot the Pauli/vector representation of a quantum state using a bar graph.
2675	Return a list of unique hardware backends available that are not simulators.
2676	Returns the Instruction object corresponding to the op for the node else None
2677	Generate a SamplePulse with constant amplitude over a specified duration.
2678	Generate a zero-sampled SamplePulse with a specified duration and optional name.
2679	Generates a square wave `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, period, phase, and name.
2680	Generates a sawtooth wave `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, period, phase, and name.
2681	Generates a `SamplePulse` representing a triangle wave with specified duration, amplitude, period, and phase.
2682	Generates a cosine wave `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, frequency, phase, and name.
2683	Generates a sine wave SamplePulse with specified duration, amplitude, frequency, phase, and name.
2684	Generates an unnormalized Gaussian `SamplePulse` centered at `duration/2`, zeroed at `t=-1` to prevent initial discontinuity, and rescaled to have an integrated area of $\Omega_g(amp, sigma) = amp \times np.sqrt(2\pi \sigma^2)$.
2685	Generates an unnormalized Gaussian derivative `SamplePulse` with specified parameters.
2686	Generate a Gaussian square pulse centered at duration/2 with specified amplitude, sigma for rise/fall, and risefall duration.
2687	Compute the distance between the corners of the axes transAxes.
2688	Print the node data for quantum register in a formatted string with indentation.
2689	Return an instance of a backend from its class.
2690	Renames a classical or quantum register throughout the circuit.
2691	Removes all operation nodes with the given name.
2692	Add all wires in a quantum register.
2693	Add all wires in a classical register to the DAG circuit.
2694	Adds a qubit or bit to the circuit by creating and connecting input and output nodes.
2695	Verify that the condition tuple contains a valid ClassicalRegister and raise an error if it does not.
2696	Return a list of bits in the given condition.
2697	Add a new operation node to the graph with specified properties.
2698	Apply an operation to the output of a quantum circuit.
2699	Checks for fragmented or duplicate registers in a circuit and returns the set of registers to add to the circuit.
2700	Check that the wiremap is consistent by verifying that the keys and values refer to valid wires with consistent types.
2701	Replaces register names in a condition tuple using a provided wire map.
2702	Extend `dag` at the end of the current dag, using `edge_map` to map qubits and classical bits.
2703	Applies an input circuit to the output of the calling circuit, mapping input qubits to output qubits according to a provided edge map, and composing the operations from the input circuit into the calling circuit.
2704	Check that a list of wires is compatible with a node, ensuring no duplicates and correct length.
2705	Returns predecessor and successor dictionaries for a given node in a multi_graph.
2706	Maps all wires of the input circuit to predecessor and successor nodes in the current circuit, keyed on wires in the current circuit.
2707	Yield nodes in topological order based on the lexicographical order of their qargs.
2708	Return an iterator for node values.
2709	Return the list of "op" nodes in the dag.
2710	Return the list of node ids that represent gates.
2711	Getting the set of "op" nodes with the given name.
2712	Return a list of 2-qubit gates.
2713	Returns list of the predecessors of a node as DAGNodes.
2714	Return a list of predecessors of a node connected by a quantum edge in a DAG.
2715	Returns a set of ancestor nodes for a given node in a directed acyclic graph.
2716	Returns list of DAGNodes connected to a given node by a quantum edge.
2717	Remove an operation node from the graph and reconnect its predecessors to successors.
2718	Removes all ancestor operation nodes of a given node.
2719	Removes all descendant operation nodes of a given node in a graph-based data structure.
2720	Removes all non-ancestor operation nodes of a given node in a directed acyclic graph (DAG).
2721	Removes all non-descendant operation nodes of a given node in a directed acyclic graph (DAG).
2722	Yields a shallow view on a layer of a DAGCircuit for all layers of the circuit, where each layer is a dictionary containing a circuit graph and a list of qubit lists.
2723	Generate serial layers for a circuit by applying each gate as a new layer with the same qubits and clbits.
2724	Yields layers of a multigraph by iteratively processing nodes and their successors.
2725	Collect non-conditional runs of "op" nodes with the given names.
2726	Iterator for nodes that affect a given wire, yielding either all related nodes or only operations nodes based on the provided parameter.
2727	Return a dictionary of counts of operation names in topological order.
2728	Return a dictionary of circuit properties.
2729	Generates a TomographyBasis object with optional preparation and measurement functions.
2730	Add state measurement gates to a quantum circuit for the X, Y, or Z Pauli basis.
2731	Generates a dictionary of tomography experiment configurations based on specified measurement and preparation qubits and their respective bases.
2732	Generate a dictionary of process tomography experiment configurations based on specified measurement and preparation qubits and their respective bases.
2733	Adds tomography measurement circuits to a quantum program.
2734	Return a results dict for a state or process tomography experiment
2735	Compute the marginal counts for a subset of measured qubits.
2736	Reconstructs a density matrix or process-matrix from tomography data using a specified method and options, with constraints for positive-semidefiniteness or without.
2737	Reconstruct a state from unconstrained least-squares fitting of tomography data.
2738	Computes a projector by tensoring basis states corresponding to a list of operations and their eigenstates.
2739	Reconstruct a matrix through weighted linear inversion using projectors and frequencies.
2740	The method \( __wizard \) returns the nearest positive semidefinite operator to an input operator by constraining positivity using eigenvalue decomposition and rescaling.
2741	Retrieve the values of the Wigner function from measurement results.
2742	Add measurement gates to a circuit.
2743	A text-based job status checker that updates the status of a job at a specified interval and prints the status messages to a specified output file or stdout.
2744	Monitor the status of a IBMQJob instance and update the status message accordingly.
2745	Computes the Euler angles (theta, phi, lambda) for a given 2x2 unitary matrix representing a single-qubit gate in SU(2), using the OpenQASM parameterization and verifying the solution.
2746	Simplify a given gate U using Euler rotation angles theta, phi, and lambda, and return the gate with the fewest pulses implementing U exactly, not up to a global phase.
2747	Adds virtual qubits from the layout to the DAG if they are not already present.
2748	The function `qubits_tab` generates a Qubits properties widget for a given IBMQ backend, displaying qubit properties such as frequency, T1, T2, gate errors, and readout error in a styled table format.
2749	Create a tab widget displaying job history images for year, month, and week.
2750	Plots a pie chart of the number of jobs submitted by a user in a given time interval.
2751	Plots the interpolated envelope of a pulse using the `pulse_drawer` function from `qiskit.tools.visualization`.
2752	Applies a cu3 gate to the target qubit with control qubit(s), using the specified angles theta, phi, and lambda.
2753	Returns a quantum circuit with 2 qubits in the Bell state.
2754	Transpile one or more quantum circuits according to specified transpilation targets.
2755	Select a PassManager and run a single circuit through it.
2756	Executes a list of circuits or pulse schedules on a specified backend, handling transpilation, job assembly, and backend execution.
2757	Returns the primary drive channel of this qubit. Raises an error if no drive channels are available.
2758	Returns the primary control channel of this qubit, or raises an error if none are present.
2759	Returns the primary measure channel associated with this qubit, or raises an error if no measurement channels are present.
2760	Returns the primary acquire channel of this qubit. If no acquire channels are available, raises a PulseError.
2761	Constructs an n-qubit input state for QFT that produces output 1.
2762	Assemble a list of circuits or pulse schedules into a Qobj with specified configuration options.
2763	Remove the handlers for the 'qiskit' logger.
2764	Creates a hinton representation of a density matrix.
2765	Calculate the process fidelity between two quantum channels.
2766	Set the input text data and lexer input
2767	Pop a PLY lexer from the stack and update the filename and line number.
2768	Push a PLY lexer on the stack to parse a filename.
2769	Iterate over each block in the DAG and replace it with an equivalent Unitary gate on the same wires.
2770	Returns the conversion method for the given instruction, or raises an error if no method is found.
2771	Return a dictionary of parameters for an `AcquireInstruction` with converted time and updated based on measurement level.
2772	Convert a `FrameChangeInstruction` to a dictionary of parameters with an offset time.
2773	Convert a `PersistentValueInstruction` to a dictionary representing a required parameter.
2774	Return a dictionary of required parameters for a pulse instruction with converted time and channel name.
2775	**Summary:** Return a dictionary of converted snapshot parameters based on the given shift and instruction.
2776	Update the annotations of a discretized continuous pulse function to include a 'duration' parameter with an integer type.
2777	Decorator method for converting a continuous function to a discretized pulse using specified sampler function.
2778	Returns a list of backend instances matching the specified filtering conditions.
2779	Resolves backend name by checking for deprecated names and aliases, ensuring the resolved name is available among the given backends.
2780	Convert a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) into a Quantum Circuit object.
2781	Converts a matrix observable to a dictionary form by mapping each state to its corresponding observable value.
2782	Updates a node in the symbol table.
2783	Verifies that a qubit id is declared as a bit in the current symbol table.
2784	Verifies each expression in a list, ensuring that any Id elements resolve to the current stack.
2785	The `verify_as_gate` method verifies if a user-defined gate call is valid by checking if the gate exists in the global symbol table, if it is of the correct type, and if it has the correct number of bits and arguments. If any of these conditions are not met, it raises a `QasmError` with an appropriate message and line/file information.
2786	Verify the type and index of a register in the global symbol table.
2787	Verifies if all registers in a list are declared as bits
2788	Compute the column number in the input text based on the given token.
2789	Set the parse_deb field based on the input value, raising an error if the value is not a boolean.
2790	Parse some data, using a lexer and parser, and return the result or raise a QasmError if an exception occurs.
2791	The `run` method parses the given data using the parser and converts the abstract syntax tree to a string representation.
2792	Parse the data from a file and return it in Qasm format.
2793	Applies a Controlled-Phase-Rotation-Z (CRZ) gate from control qubit `ctl` to target qubit `tgt` with angle `theta`.
2794	Returns a quantum state ndarray representing a basis state for a given bitstring and number of qubits.
2795	Maps a pure quantum state to a state matrix, optionally flattening it.
2796	Calculate the purity of a quantum state.
2797	Run a pass on a directed acyclic graph (DAG) to discover commutation relations and store them in the property_set.
2798	Creates a widget displaying information about a backend, including its name, number of qubits, gate map, and various physical properties.
2799	This method updates the monitor information for multiple backends, checking their statuses and updating the display accordingly in an interval-driven loop.
2800	Create a progress bar widget for displaying the number of pending jobs.
2801	Remove CX gates in a DAG circuit that can be canceled.
2802	Return a single backend matching the specified filtering.
2803	Return the shape for bipartite matrix.
2804	Return the number and size of unique registers from bit_labels list.
2805	Truncates long floats using a specified format string.
2806	Generates a LaTeX string representation of a circuit using the LaTeX Qconfig package.
2807	Get the depth information for the circuit by calculating the number of columns and the total size of columns.
2808	Get height, width & scale attributes for the beamer page
2809	Loads and caches QObj schema for future validations based on file path and name.
2810	Generates and returns a JSON schema validator for a given name and schema.
2811	Load all default schemas into `_SCHEMAS`.
2812	Validate a JSON dictionary against a given schema, either provided as a dictionary or the name of a predefined schema.
2813	Return a cascading explanation of the validation error.
2814	Performs a majority gate operation using quantum logic gates on the input qubits a, b, and the output qubit c.
2815	Implement the unmajority gate using a classical two-qubit gate and two CNOT gates.
2816	Convert a QuantumCircuit to a LaTeX string and optionally write it to a file.
2817	Draw a quantum circuit using matplotlib, with options for scaling, file output, and styling.
2818	Generate a random dim x dim unitary matrix from the Haar measure.
2819	Generates a random density matrix using either the Hilbert-Schmidt or Bures metric, with an optional seed for reproducibility.
2820	A function that generates a normally distributed complex random matrix.
2821	Generate a random density matrix from the Hilbert-Schmidt metric.
2822	Generate a random density matrix from the Bures metric.
2823	List of custom gate names in this gate body.
2824	Compute the matrix power of a QuantumChannel object.
2825	Compose two subsystems into a single channel using tensor contraction.
2826	Converts a QuantumCircuit or Instruction to a SuperOp.
2827	Add a barrier before the last measurements in a quantum circuit.
2828	Convert a list of circuits into a qobj for quantum computing.
2829	Expands 3+ qubit gates using their decomposition rules to result in a DAGCircuit with maximum node degrees of 2.
2830	Expand a given gate into its decomposition in a DAGCircuit.
2831	Calculate a subcircuit for a unitary based on the number of qubits.
2832	Validate if the value is of the type of the schema's model.
2833	Validate if a value is a list of valid item-field values.
2834	Set the absolute tolerance parameter for float comparisons and ensure it falls within valid bounds.
2835	Set the relative tolerance parameter for float comparisons and enforce it to be within a specified range.
2836	Reshapes the input and output dimensions of the operator while ensuring that the combined size of all subsystem input and output dimensions remains constant.
2837	Return a tuple of input dimensions for specified subsystems or all subsystems if qargs is None.
2838	Return a tuple of output dimensions for specified subsystems, or all subsystems if none specified.
2839	Create a copy of the current operator with the same data and dimensions.
2840	Return the composition of a operator with itself n times, where n is a positive integer.
2841	Check if input dimension corresponds to qubit subsystems.
2842	Performs a matrix multiplication using Einstein summation convention and NumPy's `einsum` function, handling differently for left and right multiplication.
2843	Customizes the exception raised during deserialization.
2844	Overrides the default `_serialize` method to raise a `ValidationError` if a `TypeError` occurs with a specific message, otherwise re-raising the original exception.
2845	Check if at least one of the possible choices validates the value.
2846	Similarity between two quantum states
2847	Apply a real scalar function to the singular values of a matrix using SVD.
2848	Returns self for the inverse method
2849	Set snapshot label to name if it is a string. Raises TypeError if name is not a string.
2850	Check if a quantum channel is unitary.
2851	Try to convert channel to a unitary representation Operator.
2852	Convert a quantum channel to a Kraus or UnitaryGate circuit instruction.
2853	Converts input into a QuantumChannel subclass object or Operator object.
2854	Create a Graphene Enum for sorting a SQLAlchemy class query
2855	Monkey patching _strptime to ensure it recognizes dates correctly even with non-english locale settings.
2856	Returns an ordered mapping with locale codes as keys and corresponding locale instances as values.
2857	Yield locale instances based on the provided languages, locales, and region.
2858	Check if the tokens are valid for the locale.
2859	Split the date string using translations in locale info and return a list of string tokens.
2860	Parse a date string into a datetime object using specified formats, languages, locales, and region.
2861	Attempts to parse the time part of date strings like '1 day ago, 2 PM' and returns the parsed time.
2862	Check if the locale is applicable to translate the given date string after applying various transformations based on the provided settings.
2863	Translate a date string to its English equivalent while optionally retaining formatting and handling relative translations.
2864	Parses a date string using multiple formats and returns a dictionary containing the parsed date object and the period, or None if parsing fails.
2865	Returns a generator for ammo based on the specified uri, file, or type.
2866	translates http code to net code, setting net code to 314 if assertion fails
2867	This function translates an exception string to an HTTP code.
2868	Reads and configures various options for a phantom tool, including setting number of threads, timeout, and logging levels, and then creates and configures multiple streams based on the config settings.
2869	Generate phantom tool run config.
2870	Merges information from multiple stream objects, accumulating statistics and settings into a single result object.
2871	Compose benchmark block with various configurations.
2872	Polls stdout and stderr streams and writes their contents to log.
2873	converts a string representing a duration (with optional unit) into an integer number of seconds, applying a multiplier if provided.
2874	Configures StepperWrapper by reading various options and loading a profile.
2875	Generates test data and updates various status and configuration parameters based on cached or freshly created values.
2876	Chooses the name for a stepped data file based on caching settings, hashed parameters, and ammo file or URIs.
2877	This method reads stepper information from a JSON file and returns it as a StepperInfo object.
2878	Writes stepper info to JSON.
2879	Generate a stpd-file using the Stepper class.
2880	Create a Load Plan based on the given schedule and publish its duration, steps, and length.
2881	Return the RPS (Revolutions Per Second) for a given time t within the valid duration.
2882	Executes a command and raises an exception if the exit code is non-zero.
2883	Extract points from monitoring data.
2884	Make a set of points for a label using different data sources and quantizations.
2885	Publish value to status
2886	Counts the total occurrences of codes that match a given regular expression.
2887	Terminate the workers by setting a quit signal and waiting for them to finish their jobs before closing the task queue and feeder.
2888	Run a feeder in its own thread that reads tasks from a file and pushes them into a queue, until it receives a quit signal or all workers have finished.
2889	Sets up logging with file and console handlers, applying different formats and filters based on the log level.
2890	This method overrides configuration options with user-specified options in a configuration object.
2891	Configures the Tank class by setting options and acquiring a lock before loading configurations and plugins.
2892	Call shutdown routines.
2893	Collect data, cache it, and send it to listeners, handling both data and stats with timestamp-based caching and notification.
2894	Notifies all listeners about aggregate data and stats.
2895	Return a marker function of the requested marker_type.
2896	Parse a duration string into milliseconds.
2897	Start a local agent by launching a process with specified arguments and starting a reader thread to handle the output buffer.
2898	Start a remote agent using SSH and read its output in a separate thread.
2899	Searches for the UDP port number in the jmeter.log file using a regular expression pattern.
2900	Modifies a JMeter test plan file by removing unnecessary elements and injecting variables, then returns the path to the modified file.
2901	Gracefully terminate a running process with a timeout.
2902	Parse lines to extract timestamps, RPS, and instances, updating statistics and storing results.
2903	Method for instantiating a criterion from a configuration string.
2904	Parse a configuration XML file and extract host-specific configuration data.
2905	Creates a startup configuration file for an agent with commands and source files, using the hostname as part of the filename.
2906	Checks disk space and raises an exception if exceeded
2907	Raise an exception if the available memory is below the set limit.
2908	Gets width and height of terminal viewport
2909	Gets the next line for the right panel, truncating it if it exceeds the panel's width.
2910	Cuts a tuple of line chunks into a specified width, handling markup and spaces appropriately.
2911	Render the left panel of a user interface, rendering blocks and adding blank space as necessary.
2912	Main method to render the screen view by calculating terminal size, panel widths, and rendering widgets.
2913	Add widget string to right panel of the screen
2914	Right-pads lines of a given block to equal width.
2915	Calculate the visible length of a string or tuple/list of strings, considering markup variables.
2916	Creates a load plan timestamps generator based on a schedule of operations.
2917	format level str Returns a formatted string representing the level percentage if self.is_relative is True, otherwise returns the level as is.
2918	Adds a widget to the right panel of the screen if it exists.
2919	Sends a request to the writer service, handling network and maintenance errors with retries.
2920	Loads plugin options, instantiates plugin classes, and registers them with the core.
2921	Retrieves a plugin of a desired class, raising a KeyError if not found.
2922	Retrieves a list of plugins of a specified class; raises a KeyError if no matching plugins are found.
2923	Move or copy a single file to the artifacts directory, logging and handling existing files and errors.
2924	Store file to be collected as an artifact with an option to keep the original file.
2925	Generate a temporary file name in the artifacts base directory, close the temporary file handle, and return the file name.
2926	Reads configuration files set into storage.
2927	Write current stat to file
2928	Returns a list of options with a given prefix from a specified section in the configuration.
2929	Returns a list of sections from the configuration that start with the specified prefix.
2930	Parses a chunk of data containing statistics and yields a generator with parsed items.
2931	Method for retrieving and caching info object.
2932	Prepares monitoring by installing agents on specified hosts.
2933	Poll agents for data and process it.
2934	Sends the collected data to all registered listeners and clears the collected data after sending.
2935	Determines which plugin's configuration to use based on certain options and sets a default target if necessary.
2936	Store metric in data tree and calculate offset signs based on value comparison.
2937	Decodes agents' JSON data, counts differences, and returns a list of tuples containing timestamps and parsed results.
2938	Starts subscribing to specified channels, dividing them into NATS and WebSocket channels, and then sending subscription requests accordingly.
2939	Run forever and block until an exception is raised, starting with specified initial channels.
2940	Close open connections
2941	Perform one request and handle retries and errors appropriately.
2942	Submits a new order with specified parameters and returns an order object.
2943	Returns an order based on the provided order_id.
2944	Retrieves an open position for a given symbol by making an API request and returns a Position object.
2945	Get a list of assets based on status and asset class.
2946	Returns an asset for a given symbol.
2947	This function creates a join step in a pipeline to coalesce multiple parallel steps with a common output into a single output, which can be used by downstream steps.
2948	Ensures argument is a native Python dictionary and checks key and value types if provided.
2949	Ensures the argument is a dictionary or None, instantiating an empty dictionary if None, and checks key-value types if specified.
2950	A function that constructs an event logger by wrapping a provided callback function to handle event records.
2951	Record a stream of event records to a JSON file using a custom logger handler.
2952	Read a config file and instantiate the RCParser.
2953	Get the configuration dictionary for a given repository from the config file.
2954	Format a configuration dictionary for GraphQL using a recursive descent approach.
2955	Get a pipeline by name, construct it if not in cache, and cache it for future use.
2956	Returns a list of all pipelines after performing a uniqueness check.
2957	Wait for the process to return a valid item, or return a constant if the process is dead and there are no more items to return.
2958	An ugly recursive method to transform config dict into a tree of AbstractNestedList.
2959	Waits until all there are no processes enqueued.
2960	Creates the schema for configuration data that describes the type, optionality, defaults, and description of a field.
2961	Constructs the execution plan by building a dependency dictionary and mapping step keys to step objects.
2962	Builds a new ExecutionPlan from a pipeline definition and the environment config.
2963	Builds a pipeline that is a subset of another pipeline, including only the solids specified in solid_names.
2964	Return the solid definition with the given name from the pipeline, raising an error if the solid does not exist.
2965	Build and publish a package to PyPI using shell commands.
2966	Tags all submodules for a new release, ensuring version consistency and creating a Git tag.
2967	Creates a context definition from a pre-existing context for testing purposes.
2968	Decorate a function to process selected properties from a config value into a custom type instance.
2969	Annotates a function to take selected properties from a configuration value and a custom type instance, then materializes it.
2970	Automatically wraps a block of text, breaking lines and handling indentation as per specified settings.
2971	Download an object from S3 using the provided context.
2972	Upload a file to S3 using the provided context and file object, returning the bucket and key.
2973	Wraps user-space code execution in an error boundary, ensuring all user errors are caught and wrapped in DagsterUserCodeExecutionError while preserving the original stack trace.
2974	Ensure the directory exists, creating it if necessary, and raise an error if it cannot be created.
2975	Wraps a user-provided function and asserts it yields a single value.
2976	Creates a logging context for Dagster without explicitly initializing the ExecutionContext.
2977	Check if any step in the execution was successful.
2978	Return True if all step events are of type STEP_SKIPPED.
2979	Return dictionary of transformed results, with keys being output names.
2980	Return the transformed value for a given output name if execution was successful, otherwise return None.
2981	Returns the failing step's data for the solid execution.
2982	Return a permissive dictionary class that allows partial specification of permitted fields with type checking.
2983	Check if the dataset follows the required format.
2984	Test if the given config value is a valid table name in the form of "project.dataset.table" or "dataset.table"
2985	Execute the user-specified transform for the solid, wrap in error boundary, log, and track metrics.
2986	A function that creates a Dagster type from an existing Python type, with optional customization for serialization and storage.
2987	Create a decorator for defining a resource with optional config_field and description.
2988	Create an event in PagerDuty using the Events API v2.
2989	Groups execution steps by solid in topological order of the solids.
2990	Returns a dictionary of connection parameters for a database connection, using values from settings.py and defaulting to blank fields where not specified.
2991	Setup a database connection using the provided connection parameters.
2992	Returns an active connection cursor to the database.
2993	Close the client connection to the database.
2994	Builds an instance of the given model using the provided model dictionary.
2995	Overrides the standard `to_python` method from Django models to correctly translate a Mongo array into a Python list.
2996	Returns the formfield for the array.
2997	Override Django's default to_python to translate a dictionary to an instance of a model container.
2998	Filter the queryset to include only the instances that are related to the manager's instance, optionally using a specific database.
2999	Computes the matrix of expected false positives for all possible sub-intervals of the complete domain of set sizes, assuming uniform distribution of set_sizes within each sub-intervals.
3000	Computes a matrix of expected false positives for all possible sub-intervals of a given set of sizes.
3001	Computes the optimal partitions of a given set of sizes based on the expected false positives for all sub-intervals.
3002	Computes optimal partitions of a given set of sizes into a specified number of partitions.
3003	Computes the functions C1 and C2 based on input values a1, a2, r1, and r2, with specific handling when both r1 and r2 are zero.
3004	Initialize the slots of the LeanMinHash with a seed and hash values.
3005	Compute the byte size after serialization based on the number of hash values and their size.
3006	Serialize this lean MinHash by packing seed, count, and hash values into a buffer using a specified byte order.
3007	Deserialize a lean MinHash from a buffer.
3008	Update the MinHash with a new value using a hash function specified during construction.
3009	Merge another MinHash object with the current one, updating the current MinHash to be the union of both.
3010	Union multiple MinHash objects to create a new MinHash object.
3011	Index all sets given their keys, MinHashes, and sizes, and insert them into partitions based on their sizes.
3012	Given a MinHash and query set size, retrieves keys that reference sets with containment greater than the threshold.
3013	Create a new weighted MinHash given a weighted Jaccard vector.
3014	Remove the key from the index, pickle if necessary, and update the hashtables accordingly.
3015	Update the HyperLogLog with a new data value in bytes.
3016	Estimates the cardinality of data values using HyperLogLog estimation with corrections for small, normal, and large ranges.
3017	Merges another HyperLogLog object with the current one, updating the current object to be the union of the two, provided they have the same precision.
3018	Reset the current HyperLogLog to empty.
3019	Compute the average precision at k between two lists of items.
3020	Computes the mean average precision at k between two lists of lists of items.
3021	Sort and index all keys added to the hash tables.
3022	Given a MinHash and an integer k, returns the approximate top-k keys with the highest Jaccard similarities to the query set.
3023	Cleanup client resources and disconnect from AsyncMinHashLSH storage.
3024	Return ordered storage system based on the specified config.
3025	Return an unordered storage system based on the specified configuration for keys and unordered sets as values.
3026	Get user data using a custom serializer defined in settings.
3027	Set the social login process state to connect rather than login
3028	Selects the correct text from Japanese number, reading, and alternatives based on the specified conditions.
3029	Parses a scoped selector by converting macros and splitting into scope and selector.
3030	Parse a single statement and return a `BindingStatement`, `ImportStatement`, `IncludeStatement`, or `None` if no more statements can be parsed (EOF reached).
3031	Parse a single literal value.
3032	Advances to the next line in a token generator.
3033	Try to parse a configurable reference (@[scope/name/]fn_name[()]).
3034	Augments the message of an exception and re raises it.
3035	Convert an operative config string to markdown format by processing each line accordingly.
3036	Writes out the Gin's operative config and, if specified, adds a summary of the config.
3037	Make sure `fn` can be wrapped cleanly by functools.wraps by handling specific types and assigning the original function's attributes to a lambda or returning the original function directly.
3038	Decorator that can decorate a function or class with a given decorator, with options to either replace the class's __init__ method or subclass the class with the decorated __init__ method.
3039	Returns the string representation of `value` if it can be literally represented and parsed back to the original value, otherwise returns `None`.
3040	Clears the global configuration by removing parameter values, dynamically imported modules, and optionally constants, while keeping configurable functions and classes in the registry.
3041	Binds a parameter value specified by a binding key to a given value, applying the value in subsequent calls to the configurable function.
3042	Returns the currently bound value to the specified binding_key after parsing and validating it.
3043	Returns True if `arg_name` might be a valid parameter for `fn_or_cls`.
3044	Gets cached argspec for a callable object.
3045	Returns the names of the supplied arguments to the given function.
3046	returns the names of all positional arguments to the given function
3047	Retrieve all default values for configurable parameters of a function, excluding those in the blacklist or not in the whitelist.
3048	A context manager to open a new configuration scope, restricting parameter bindings to specific sections of code and allowing nested scopes with parameter inheritance.
3049	Decorator to make a function or class configurable, allowing parameters to be supplied from the global configuration.
3050	Retrieves the "operative" configuration as a formatted string, capturing all parameter values used by configurable functions that are actually called during program execution.
3051	Parse a file, string, or list of strings containing parameter bindings to set up the global configuration.
3052	Register a file reader for use in parse_config_file.
3053	Parse a Gin config file and handle missing files or unknown configurables.
3054	Parse a list of config files followed by extra Gin bindings and optionally finalize the config.
3055	Parse and return a single Gin value by raising an error if the input is not a string type.
3056	A function that finalizes the Gin configuration by calling all registered "finalize hooks", applying any modifications they return, and locking the config to prevent further modifications.
3057	Provide an iterator over all values in a nested structure.
3058	Provides an iterator over references in a given config, optionally filtering by a specific configurable function.
3059	Creates a constant that can be referenced from Gin config files and stores it in a Gin-internal dictionary until program termination.
3060	a decorator for an enum class that generates Gin constants from values.
3061	Retrieves all selectors matching a given partial selector, using a depth-first search algorithm on a selector tree.
3062	Returns all values matching `partial_selector` as a list.
3063	Method returns the minimal selector that uniquely matches a given complete selector.
3064	Translates a Mopidy search query to a Spotify search query by iterating over the query items, mapping fields, transforming values if necessary, and joining the results into a single string.
3065	This function parses the 'Retry-After' header from an HTTP response, converting it to the number of seconds until the resource becomes available again, with a minimum value of 0.
3066	Validate and check if a property value is valid before setting it.
3067	Return a dictionary describing the property with added link information
3068	Set the current value of the property after validation.
3069	Retrieving the item at the specified index from the collection if it exists.
3070	Initializes the handler with a list of managed things and allowed hostnames.
3071	Set the default headers for all requests.
3072	Validates if the host header is in the allowed hosts list, raises a 403 error if not.
3073	Handle a GET request, including websocket requests, and return the thing description in JSON format.
3074	Handles incoming messages, parses them, and processes different types of messages such as setting properties, requesting actions, and adding event subscriptions, while handling errors appropriately.
3075	Handle a POST request to perform actions on a thing and return the response.
3076	Handles a DELETE request to remove an action from a thing, setting the appropriate HTTP status based on success.
3077	Start listening for incoming connections and register a Zeroconf service.
3078	Returns a dictionary describing the action, including optional input and time completed.
3079	Starts an action, setting it to 'pending', notifying about the action, performing the action, and then finishing it.
3080	Sets the action status to 'completed', records the completion time, and notifies the associated thing.
3081	Return a dictionary describing an event with its name and timestamp, optionally including additional data.
3082	Retrieve the default local IP address.
3083	Retrieve and sort a list of valid IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.
3084	Forwarding a new value and notifying of an external update
3085	Notify observers of a new value if it has changed.
3086	Return the state of an object as a Thing Description in dictionary format.
3087	Sets the prefix for hrefs associated with the current object and recursively updates all properties and actions within it.
3088	Returns the properties of an object as a dictionary with keys as property names and values as their descriptions.
3089	Get the action descriptions for a given action name or all actions if no name is provided.
3090	Get event descriptions for a given event name or all events if no name is provided.
3091	Add a property to this thing with a specified href_prefix.
3092	Remove a property from this thing.
3093	Retrieves a property's value by name and returns it if found, otherwise returns None.
3094	Returns a dictionary of property_name -> value for all properties.
3095	Set a property value by finding the property name and updating its value.
3096	This interface is used to get an action by its name and ID. If the action is found, it returns the action object; otherwise, it returns None.
3097	Adding a new event to a list and notifying subscribers.
3098	Add an available event with its metadata and initialize an empty set of subscribers.
3099	Perform and validate an action with given input on the thing, then add it to the actions list and notify.
3100	Remove an action by its name and ID, canceling it first, and return a boolean indicating success.
3101	Add an available action with the given name, metadata, and class, and initialize an empty list for storing instances of the action.
3102	Remove a websocket subscriber and their subscriptions from the available events.
3103	Adds a new websocket subscriber to an event if the event is available.
3104	Removes a websocket subscriber from an event.
3105	Notifies all subscribers of a property change.
3106	Notifies all subscribers of an action status change.
3107	Notifies all subscribers of an event by sending a JSON message.
3108	Override Django's `annotate()` method to allow using field names as annotation aliases.
3109	Updates all rows that match the filter and returns the number of rows affected.
3110	Creates multiple new records in the database with optional custom conflict behavior and returns either model instances or dictionaries based on the specified argument.
3111	Creates a new record in the database and returns its primary key, allowing for custom conflict behavior if specified.
3112	Creates a new database record and retrieves the entire row, optionally handling custom conflict behavior.
3113	Build and return the SQL compiler for inserting a list of dictionaries into the database, ensuring consistent field configurations and handling conflicts.
3114	Verifies whether a field modifies its own value during the pre-save operation.
3115	Splits a set of fields into those that are to be used for insert and those to be used for update in a database operation.
3116	Dispatch signals for model creation or update.
3117	Sends a deletion signal with the instance's primary key when a model is deleted.
3118	Method for selecting the first non-None field or returning a default value.
3119	Resolves expressions inside the dictionary and returns a new HStoreValue with the resolved values.
3120	Compiles the HStore value into SQL and handles expressions contained in the values of HStore entries.
3121	A re-labeled clone of an expression is obtained by creating a new instance of the same class with updated aliases from the provided relabels dictionary.
3122	Adds extra join conditions to an existing JOIN in a Django QuerySet.
3123	Determine if a specified field is an HStoreField and return the field instance.
3124	Sets the values to be used in this query for both insert and update operations, with options for specified fields.
3125	Helper method for creating a REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for an hstore key in a table.
3126	Renames an existing REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for an hstore key by updating the constraint's name in the database.
3127	Drops a REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for the specified hstore key.
3128	Returns the name for a CONSTRAINT that applies to a single hstore key.
3129	This method generates the actual SQL used for applying a migration, handling compatibility for Django versions 2.0 and above.
3130	Create a custom setup.py command with a specified description and a run method that executes a list of commands.
3131	Get the base class for a custom database back-end, defaulting to Django's PostgreSQL back-end, and ensure it inherits from the latter.
3132	A method that prepares the configured database by enabling the `hstore` extension if it wasn't enabled yet, and logs a warning if it fails due to permission issues.
3133	Overrides the base class method to prevent casting all values to strings and handles expressions in hstore fields appropriately.
3134	Builds the RETURNING part of the query for the primary key of the model.
3135	Builds the SQL INSERT statement and applies a rewrite to each query.
3136	Rewrites a formed SQL INSERT query to include the ON CONFLICT clause based on the conflict action specified.
3137	Rewrite a SQL INSERT query to include the ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE clause, handling conflicting values and returning the updated data.
3138	Rewrite an SQL INSERT query to include the ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING clause by using a CTE to lock the row during a DO UPDATE that never executes and then selecting from the table to return the result.
3139	Builds the `conflict_target` for the ON CONFLICT clause by validating and formatting the specified fields.
3140	This interface is used to get a model field from a model by a specified name.
3141	Formats a field name for use in SQL by retrieving the corresponding model field and quoting it.
3142	Method for formatting a field's value for SQL usage.
3143	Creates a UNIQUE constraint for the specified hstore keys.
3144	Renames an existing UNIQUE constraint for the specified hstore keys by generating and executing an SQL command.
3145	Drops a UNIQUE constraint for the specified hstore keys.
3146	Returns a unique index name based on the provided table, field, and keys.
3147	Iterates over the keys marked as "unique" in the specified field.
3148	Adds an extra condition to the join with the specified field and value.
3149	Compile this JOIN into a SQL string by adding extra conditions.
3150	Computes the 95% confidence interval for a given number of degrees of freedom using a lookup table.
3151	Find the pooled sample variance for two samples.
3152	Calculate the t-test score for the difference between two samples.
3153	Determine whether two samples differ significantly using a Student's two-sample, two-tailed t-test with alpha=0.95.
3154	Return a topological sorting of nodes in a graph, starting from given root nodes and using a stack-based iterative approach to avoid stack limits for large datasets.
3155	Generate permutations of queen positions that satisfy the constraints of the N-Queens problem.
3156	UCT tree search to determine the next move on a board.
3157	Select move from a board using unexplored children and UCT value.
3158	Plays a random move on a board until both players pass.
3159	Filters out benchmarks not supported by both Pythons.
3160	Function recursively expands benchmark names by iterating through group names and yielding actual benchmark names.
3161	Returns a list of strings with repeated prefixes and suffixes, using 'n' to specify the number of repetitions.
3162	Return a list of tuples containing regexes and strings for benchmarking purposes.
3163	Returns the domain of the B-Spline
3164	Fetches and yields messages from a specified category based on a given date, including user data for each message.
3165	Parse and yield posts in order based on the 'order' key in the raw posts.
3166	Fetch user data.
3167	A method that fetches entries from a RSS URL and returns a generator of items.
3168	Fetch the entries of a given category from a feed and return a generator of items.
3169	Returns RSS argument parser.
3170	A method that fetches bugs from a Bugzilla repository, updated since a specified date, and returns a generator of bugs.
3171	Retrieve a list of bugs with optional filtering by update date, offset, and maximum number of results.
3172	Get the comments of the given bugs.
3173	Retrieve the history of specified bugs.
3174	Obtain the attachments for a given list of bug identifiers.
3175	Pulls a list of notes for a given issue from a gitlab instance.
3176	Fetch and yield merge requests, inflated with additional data.
3177	Retrieve merge notes from GitLab and append award emoji data to each note.
3178	This method retrieves the versions of a merge request and their details by first getting the group versions, then iterating over each version to fetch its full details, removing the 'diffs' key if present, and appending the result to the 'versions' list, which is then returned.
3179	Returns merge requests from pagination with optional filtering by date.
3180	Get the full data of a merge request
3181	Retrieves merge versions from pagination for a given merge ID.
3182	Abstraction for grabbing merge version detail
3183	fetches notes for a specific item from pagination
3184	Returns a list of emojis for a given item type and ID from the pagination.
3185	Returns the emojis associated with a specific note.
3186	Calculate the seconds until the next token request reset based on the current time and the last reset timestamp.
3187	Fetch items from GitLab API using links pagination and yield them one by one.
3188	Initializes the rate limit information by fetching data from a URL and updating the rate limit accordingly.
3189	Return the GitLab argument parser.
3190	Fetches messages from the channel sent since the given date and returns a generator of messages.
3191	Concatenate the 'ts' and 'user' (or 'bot_id') fields to create a unique identifier for a Slack item.
3192	Fetches the total number of members in a conversation, including handling paginated results.
3193	Fetch information about a channel.
3194	Fetch user information based on the provided user ID.
3195	Returns the Slack argument parser with specific configurations and arguments.
3196	Extracts and converts the update time from a Bugzilla item to a UNIX timestamp.
3197	Parse a Bugzilla CSV bug list and return an iterator of dictionaries containing the summary of each bug.
3198	Parse a Bugzilla bugs details XML stream and return a generator of parsed bugs.
3199	Parse a Bugzilla bug activity HTML stream and extract information about each activity event, returning them as dictionaries.
3200	Logout from the server and close the HTTP session.
3201	Get metadata information in XML format.
3202	Retrieve bugs in CSV format from a specified date.
3203	Get the information of a list of bugs in XML format.
3204	Get the activity of a bug in HTML format.
3205	Method for fetching events from the server based on category, date range, and filter options.
3206	Fetches and yields events from a given category within a specified time range, parsing and ensuring the events are within the date bounds before yielding.
3207	Fetches events pages for a given group using the Meetup API.
3208	Fetch the comments of a given event.
3209	A method that fetches RSVPs for a given event in a group.
3210	Fetch an Askbot HTML question body by retrieving the question body of the item question received and returning a list of HTML page/s for the question.
3211	fetches all comments from a question and its answers, returning them as a list of dictionaries with the ids as keys
3212	Build an Askbot HTML response containing question and answer information along with comments.
3213	Retrieves a question page using the API and yields the raw questions.
3214	Abstraction for retrieving a raw HTML question and its information from a given question identifier and page number.
3215	Retrieves a list of comments for a given post ID.
3216	Parse the user and date information from a given HTML question.
3217	Parse the answers of a given HTML question and their related comments.
3218	Return the number of pages to paginate over in an HTML question.
3219	Extracts user information from an HTML container, including user ID, username, reputation, badges, website, and country if available.
3220	Fetch the reviews for a given category and backend arguments.
3221	Parses a list of Gerrit reviews from raw JSON data.
3222	Fetches open and closed reviews from Gerrit 2.8, iterating through the newer ones until no more updates are found.
3223	Returns the Gerrit server version by executing a command and parsing the output.
3224	Method for retrieving reviews from Gerrit, starting from a specified last item and optionally filtering.
3225	Return the item to start from in the next reviews group based on the Gerrit version and previous item.
3226	Execute a Gerrit command from either an archive or a remote source.
3227	Execute a Gerrit command against an archive and return the response.
3228	Execute a remote gerrit command with retry functionality.
3229	Return the Gerrit argument parser with various options for user, reviews, and SSH settings.
3230	Base method for retrieving issue data using an issue ID.
3231	Retrieves and yields attachments of a specific issue using a client library.
3232	Fetches and processes messages for a specific issue by iterating through raw data, loading it as JSON, and integrating owner data using a helper method.
3233	Returns a generator of issue activities with embedded user data.
3234	Get data associated to a user.
3235	Get the user data by URL.
3236	Base method for retrieving issue data by its ID.
3237	Get a collection list of a given issue
3238	Builds and returns the URL for a project based on whether a package is present or not.
3239	Generator which fetches items from Launchpad API using pagination and yields raw content.
3240	Fetch the groupsio paginated subscriptions for a given token and yield them in an iterator.
3241	Find the id of a group given its name by iterating on the list of subscriptions.
3242	Send a GET request to the specified URL with the provided payload and authentication, handling any HTTP errors that may occur.
3243	Return the Groupsio argument parser with required and optional arguments.
3244	Generates a UUID from the SHA-1 hash of a concatenated string of input parameters, raising an error if any value is not a non-empty string.
3245	Generates a sequence of items by fetching them using a backend class and optional category and filter.
3246	Fetch items from an archive manager based on the given category and archiving date, yielding them after initializing the backend with provided arguments.
3247	Find available backends in a given package and its sub-packages.
3248	Fetch items from the repository, optional filtering and archiving.
3249	Fetches items from an archive using a client and returns a generator, raising an `ArchiveError` if the archive is not provided.
3250	Remove classified or confidential data from an item by iterating over predefined classified fields and attempting to remove them from the item dictionary. If a classified field is not found, it is logged and ignored.
3251	Parse a list of arguments to run a backend command, validating parameters and handling aliases.
3252	Adds authentication arguments to the parser based on the provided flags.
3253	Activate argument parsing for archive-related options.
3254	Details for output arguments parsing.
3255	Retrieve items from an origin, convert them to JSON, and write them to an output file using a backend, with an option to fetch from an archive if specified.
3256	Factory that initializes an archive manager based on parsed arguments.
3257	extracts the update time from a MBox item and converts it to UNIX timestamp format
3258	Parse a mbox file and return an iterator of dictionaries, each containing an email message.
3259	Fetch and parse messages from a mailing list, filtering by date and validation.
3260	Copy the contents of a mbox file to a temporary file.
3261	Check if the given message has the mandatory fields, including case-insensitive validation and date format checking.
3262	Convert a message in CaseInsensitiveDict to dict, handling specific headers.
3263	Return a Message representation for a given key or raise KeyError if not found. The message is created from a string representation and decoded using multiple encodings if necessary.
3264	A method that retrieves commits from a Git repository or log file, filtered by date, branch, and other parameters, and returns a generator of commits.
3265	Fetch and process commits from a repository based on category and specified parameters.
3266	Parse a Git log file and return an iterator of dictionaries containing commits.
3267	Initializes the repositories directory path for Perceval.
3268	Return ArgumentParser for Git repository management.
3269	Parses a Git log stream and yields parsed commits.
3270	Clone a Git repository into a specified directory.
3271	This method counts the total number of objects (both packed and unpacked) in a Git repository and returns it, raising a RepositoryError if an error occurs during the process.
3272	Check if the git repository is in a detached state by examining the HEAD reference.
3273	Update the repository from its remote using the 'fetch' command, overwriting local refs and removing outdated commits.
3274	Synchronizes a Git repository with its 'origin', fetching the latest objects and updating references. Returns a list of new commit hashes.
3275	The method `rev_list` reads and returns a list of commits from a Git repository, optionally filtering by specific branches, and handles errors related to empty or inaccessible repositories.
3276	Method for fetching the Git log from the repository with optional date filters and branch selection.
3277	Show the data of a set of commits using the Git show command and return a generator of lines from the show output.
3278	Fetch changes from a remote repository and store them in a pack, updating local references accordingly.
3279	Read the commits of a pack by verifying the pack file with Git and extracting the commit hashes, then return them in reverse chronological order.
3280	Updates references by removing old ones and adding new ones, and prunes the repository to remove old branches.
3281	Retrieve the current list of local or remote Git refs.
3282	Update a Git reference for a repository, either deleting it or updating it to a new hash.
3283	Run a command with a non-blocking call, returning the output line by line as encoded bytes.
3284	Reads self.proc.stderr and updates self.failed_message based on the output.
3285	Execute a command, handle the output and errors, and return the output as encoded bytes.
3286	A method that fetches tweets from the TwitterSearch API based on various parameters such as category, since_id, max_id, geocode, lang, include_entities, and tweets_type, and returns a generator of tweets.
3287	Fetches a generator of tweets from a specified category using backend arguments and returns the process and fetched tweet details.
3288	This method fetches tweets matching a given query, with optional parameters for filtering results, and returns a generator of the tweets.
3289	Returns the Twitter argument parser with specific options for querying tweets.
3290	A method that retrieves a list of hits for given keywords using the Google API.
3291	Fetch Google hit items for a given category and return a generator of items.
3292	Parse the hits returned by the Google Search API and return a JSON object containing the number of hits and other metadata.
3293	Method to fetch information about a list of keywords.
3294	A function to extract the update time from a GitHub item, convert it to UNIX timestamp format, and handle the case where the item has forks.
3295	Extracts the category from a GitHub item based on its attributes.
3296	Fetch and process pull requests within a specified date range.
3297	Returns information about stars, watchers, and forks of a repository, including a timestamp indicating when the information was fetched.
3298	A list of reactions for a given issue number with additional user data for each reaction.
3299	Just a list of reactions on an issue comment, filtering out any reactions with zero count and populating their user data with additional details
3300	Converts raw issue assignee data into a list of user objects.
3301	Get pull request requested reviewers usernames and their data for a particular PR by API call
3302	A list of commit hashes for a given pull request
3303	Get all reactions to a pull request review comment.
3304	Retrieves user and organization data for a given login.
3305	Returns the reactions of a specific issue.
3306	Fetches issues from a GitHub repository since a given date.
3307	Fetch pull requests from a GitHub repository since a specified date.
3308	Fetches and returns repository data.
3309	Get pull requested reviewers for a specific pull request.
3310	Returns a list of commits for a specified pull request number.
3311	Get reactions of a review comment
3312	Get the user information and update the user cache
3313	Gets the public organizations of a user.
3314	This interface is used to call the TotalSupply method in ope4 that return the total supply of the oep4 token.
3315	Return an array of all tokens' remaining API points.
3316	Chooses the best API token with the most remaining points to use in subsequent requests
3317	Check if the GitHub API tokens need to be switched based on usage and rate limits.
3318	Update rate limit data for the current token by fetching data from a specified URL and handling HTTP errors.
3319	Initialize metadata information for an archived data source and store it in a database, including origin, backend details, and creation timestamp.
3320	Stores raw item data in an archive using a unique identifier generated from provided parameters and handles exceptions related to database errors.
3321	Retrieves a raw item from the archive using a hashcode derived from the given uri, payload, and headers.
3322	Factory method that creates a new archive at the specified path by connecting to a SQLite database and executing create statements.
3323	Generate a SHA1 hash based on a URI, payload, and headers.
3324	Check whether the archive is valid by ensuring it contains either no entries with metadata or exactly one metadata entry, and log the integrity status.
3325	Load metadata from the archive file and populate the object's attributes accordingly.
3326	Fetch the number of rows in a given table.
3327	Creates a new archive with a random SHA1 name and returns it.
3328	Remove an archive from the filesystem.
3329	Search archives based on the given parameters and return a sorted list of matching file paths.
3330	Search archives using filters.
3331	Retrieve the file paths stored under the base path.
3332	Check if a file is of type 'gz' or 'bz2' by reading its first four bytes.
3333	Generate a sequence of month ranges from `from_date` to `to_date`.
3334	Convert an email message into a dictionary.
3335	Remove control and invalid characters from an XML stream.
3336	Converts a XML stream into a dictionary, storing attributes as single elements, child nodes in lists, and text nodes using the '__text__' key.
3337	Returns a generator of parsed issues from a Redmine JSON stream.
3338	Retrieve a list of issues based on optional parameters for date, offset, and maximum number of issues.
3339	Get information about a specific issue.
3340	Obtain information of a given user.
3341	Abstraction for making a request to a resource and returning the response text.
3342	A method to fetch data from a Docker Hub repository.
3343	Fetch and yield Docker Hub items from a specified repository and owner.
3344	Fetches and returns the text of information about a specified repository.
3345	Add extra information from a set of custom fields to a dictionary of issue fields.
3346	Filter custom fields from a given set of fields.
3347	Parse a JIRA API raw response and yield a generator of issues.
3348	Retrieve items updated since a given date from a specified endpoint API.
3349	Method retrieves all issues updated since a specified date.
3350	Retrieves all the comments for a given issue ID.
3351	Abstraction for retrieving all the fields available.
3352	A method that retrieves, from a Jenkins URL, the builds updated since a given date.
3353	Method to retrieve all jobs from Jenkins.
3354	Retrieve all builds from a job
3355	Returns a generator of questions parsed from a StackExchange API raw response.
3356	Retrieves all questions updated since a specified date, paginating through results as necessary.
3357	Return ArgumentParser for StackExchange commands.
3358	Fetches items from a specified category using a backend API, handling different MediaWiki versions and fallbacks to different fetch methods if required.
3359	Get the maximum date in Unix time format from reviews.
3360	Fetch the pages from the backend url for MediaWiki >=1.27 and return a generator of pages.
3361	Retrieves all pages from a specified namespace, optionally starting from a specific point.
3362	Returns a list of recent changes in specified namespaces, starting from a given continuation point.
3363	A method that fetches messages from the Telegram server, filtered by category, offset, and chat list. It returns a generator of messages.
3364	Parse a JSON string of Telegram messages and yield each message as a dictionary.
3365	Checks if a message can be filtered based on a list of chats.
3366	Fetch messages that a bot can read, optionally starting from a specified offset.
3367	Generator which fetches articles from a given category with optional backend arguments, skipping any articles that cannot be parsed or fetched, and yields the parsed articles.
3368	Adds 'offset' information to an item fetched by a backend, overriding the `metadata` decorator to include extra information related to NNTP.
3369	Parse a NNTP article and return a dictionary.
3370	Method to fetch NNTP data from either the server or the archive.
3371	Fetch article data by ID.
3372	Method to fetch data from NNTP using different commands and handling exceptions.
3373	Attempt to fetch data from the archive using a specified method and arguments, raising an error if the archive is not available or if a temporary error occurs.
3374	Create a new HTTP session with retry mechanisms initialized based on provided parameters.
3375	Setup the rate limit handler with parameters to control rate limiting behavior, including whether to sleep until the limit is reset, the minimum rate needed to sleep, and the headers from which to extract rate limit data.
3376	Synchronizes the fetching process of an API by sleeping until the rate limit is reset or raises an exception if sleeping is disabled.
3377	The `update_rate_limit` method updates the rate limit and the time to reset from the response headers, and logs the rate limit and the time to reset.
3378	Parse a Supybot IRC log file and returns an iterator of dictionaries containing messages from the file.
3379	Retrieve and sort Supybot archives after a given date.
3380	List the file paths of archives stored in a specified directory.
3381	Parses an IRC stream and yields dictionaries containing parsed log entries.
3382	Parses a timestamp and message from a line matching a regex pattern, raising a ParseError if no match is found.
3383	Parse a Supybot message into its component parts.
3384	Fetch items from a category and yield a generator of topics.
3385	Parses a topics page stream and returns a generator of tuples containing the identifier, last updated date, and pinned status of each topic.
3386	Retrieve a topic by its identifier.
3387	Retrieve the post with the specified `post_id` identifier using the API key.
3388	Fetch the tasks of a specific category from the backend and yield them as a generator.
3389	Returns a generator of parsed tasks from a JSON stream.
3390	Parse a Phabricator users JSON stream and return a generator of parsed user dictionaries.
3391	Retrieve tasks that were updated from a specified date, converting the date to an epoch timestamp and using pagination to yield the results.
3392	Retrieve tasks transactions for the given list of task identifiers.
3393	Retrieve users based on a list of identifiers.
3394	Retrieve data about PHIDs.
3395	Call a method using the Conduit API and return the results.
3396	Extracts the identifier from a Confluence item by combining the 'id' and 'version' number in the pattern: <content>#v<version>.
3397	Returns an iterator of dictionaries, each representing a content summary parsed from a JSON stream.
3398	Fetch the contents of a repository, managing pagination over contents and filtering by update date.
3399	Get the historical content snapshot for a given version by ID.
3400	Parses an XML property to extract a measurement value and its unit of measure, then sets the `result` attribute to a `Measurement` object.
Summary: Parses XML to extract a measurement value and unit, creating a `Measurement` object.
3401	Generates a URL for accessing the WFS GetCapabilities operation.
3402	Get and parse a WFS capabilities document, returning an instance of WFSCapabilitiesInfoset.
3403	Parse a WFS capabilities document and return an instance of WFSCapabilitiesInfoset.
3404	Parses the result element of the observation type and returns a MeasurementTimeseries object if found.
3405	Constructs a full URL by appending a path to the base URL and optionally adding a query string.
3406	Retrieve attribute elements within a complex type from an XML root element
3407	Construct Fiona schema based on given elements and namespace map.
3408	Constructs a URL for a DescribeFeatureType request by appending parameters to the base URL if they are not already present.
3409	Invoke a WebProcessingService task to execute a word count process on a text document and monitor the execution status.
3410	Get the list of Movie genres.
3411	Get the list of TV genres.
3412	Get the list of movies for a particular genre by ID with optional parameters for page, language, include_all_movies, and include_adult.
3413	HTTP GET operation to retrieve basic movie information for a specific movie ID.
3414	Get the alternative titles for a specific movie id.
3415	Get the cast and crew information for a specific movie.
3416	Get the external ids for a specific movie id.
3417	Get the plot keywords for a specific movie id.
3418	Get a list of recommended movies for a movie.
3419	Get the release dates and certification for a specific movie ID using the Movie Database API.
3420	Get the release date and certification information by country for a specific movie id.
3421	GET request to retrieve translations for a specific movie id.
3422	Get similar movies for a specific movie id.
3423	Get the reviews for a particular movie ID.
3424	Retrieves the changes for a specific movie ID, grouped by key and ordered by date in descending order.
3425	Get the list of upcoming movies with optional pagination and language filtering.
3426	Get the list of movies playing in theatres from the API.
3427	Get the list of popular movies on The Movie Database.
3428	Retrieve the list of top rated movies.
3429	Returns the status of a movie, such as whether it has been rated or added to watchlists.
3430	Calls the ratings API with given values.
3431	Get the movie credits for a specific person id.
3432	Get TV credits for a specific person id.
3433	Get detailed information about a particular credit record from the TV credit model.
3434	Search and filter TV shows using various parameters like rating, genre, and air date.
3435	Get the system wide configuration info.
3436	Get the list of supported certifications for movies.
3437	Returns the basic information for an account in a dictionary format.
3438	Get the list of movies on an account watchlist.
3439	Generate and validate a request token for user-based authentication.
3440	Authenticate a user with a TMDb username and password.
3441	Generate a session ID for user-based authentication using a request token that needs to be approved before use.
3442	Generate a guest session id and return the JSON response.
3443	Get a list of rated movies for a specific guest session ID with optional pagination and sorting.
3444	Check if a movie ID is already added to a list and return the API's JSON response as a dictionary.
3445	Create a new list with a name, description, and optional language.
3446	Delete movies from a list that the user created.
3447	Clear all items within a list.
3448	Content ratings for a TV Series.
3449	Returns similar TV series for a specific TV series id.
3450	Get the list of TV shows that are currently on the air, based on episodes with an air date within the next 7 days.
3451	Get primary information about a TV season by its season number.
3452	Get the cast & crew credits for a TV season by season number.
3453	Fetch external IDs for a TV season by season number.
3454	Retrieve primary TV episode information by season and episode number.
3455	Get the TV episode credits by combining season and episode number and return a dict representation of the JSON response.
3456	Get the external ids for a TV episode by combination of a season and episode number.
3457	Set attributes to dictionary values.
3458	Search for movies by title using various filters.
3459	Search for collections by name
3460	Search for TV shows by title
3461	Search for people by name.
3462	Search for companies by name
3463	Search for keywords by name.
3464	Search and retrieve data from the movie, tv show, and person collections using a single query.
3465	Normalizes and tokenizes text, optionally bypassing NIST-style pre-processing and applying language-independent and dependent normalization rules.
3466	Transforms reference sentences into a format usable by BLEU, calculating reference lengths and the maximum count of each n-gram.
3467	Takes a reference sentence for a single segment and returns an object encapsulating the necessary information for BLEU calculation, including the length of the reference, n-gram counts, and a frozen set of n-gram counts.
3468	Compute the complementary error function for a given input x.
3469	Aligns sentences from two texts based on their blocks.
3470	Main entry function for urlscan.py
3471	Registers descriptors from JSON descriptor objects.
3472	Register descriptors with optional version and ignore_3D flag.
3473	Output message to specified file with optional end mark.
3474	Checks if a class is a descriptor class, optionally including abstract classes.
3475	Converts the object to a JSON-serializable dictionary, including any arguments if available.
3476	Get 3D coordinate
3477	Calculates the atomic surface area of a given atom by considering its neighbors and adjusting the surface area based on their distances.
3478	Calculate and return the surface area for all atoms in the system.
3479	Construct SurfaceArea from rdkit Mol type.
3480	Creates a Descriptor instance from a JSON dictionary.
3481	Replace missing values in a dataset with a specified value.
3482	Delete rows or columns with missing values from a dataset.
3483	Get items as an iterable of (Descriptor, value) pairs.
3484	Convert Result to a dictionary with options for rawkeys.
3485	Access descriptor value by descriptor name or instance.
3486	Decorator to log function calls.
3487	Decorator to synchronize a function using a lock.
3488	Outputs a message to stderr, clearing the previous message first if necessary.
3489	Program message output with optional arguments.
3490	Exit program with error message.
3491	Returns a temporary filename for atomic downloads
3492	Atomically rename or remove a tempfile and update a list of temporary files.
3493	Clean up temp files
3494	Retrieves the fixed part of a path by stripping out any wildcard characters.
3495	Given an API name, this function returns a list of all legal parameters using the boto3 service model.
3496	Merge existing parameters with extra options supplied from command line, careful merging of special types if needed.
3497	Adds the whole list of API parameters to an optparse parser.
3498	Terminate all threads by deleting the queue and forcing the child threads to quit.
3499	Utility function to add a single task into task queue.
3500	Wait for all threads to complete and terminate.
3501	Increments the processed task counter and displays a progress message showing the number of completed and remaining tasks, as well as the number of threads.
3502	Retrieves and returns S3 access keys from the environment if present, otherwise returns None.
3503	Retrieves S3 access keys from command line arguments or returns None if not present.
3504	Retrieves S3 access key and secret key settings from s3cmd's config file, if present; otherwise returns None.
3505	Initialize s3 access keys from environment variable or s3cfg config file.
3506	Connects to S3 storage, handling authentication with keys if available.
3507	Lists all S3 buckets
3508	Walk through a S3 directory, optionally showing directories and handling multiple wildcards.
3509	Walk through local directories from a given root directory and create a list of their file paths.
3510	Expands wildcards for an S3 path and returns the list of matching file names.
3511	Upload a single file or directory by adding a task into queue.
3512	Uploads files to S3, handling multiple files and recursive directory structure.
3513	Create a new S3 bucket using the provided source URL.
3514	Get privileges from source object's metadata in S3 and apply them to target.
3515	Prints out the contents of a series of files from an S3 bucket.
3516	Download a single file or directory by adding tasks to a queue.
3517	Downloads files from a source URL to a target directory, handling multiple files with wildcard characters and recursive mode.
3518	Copy a single file or directory by adding a task into the queue.
3519	Copies files from a source location to a target location, handling wildcards, recursion, and deletion of the source files.
3520	Deletes files on S3
3521	Walks a directory and returns a list of relative file paths without the base path.
3522	Synchronizes files from a source directory to a target directory, handling local and S3 URLs, and deleting removed files if specified.
3523	Calculate MD5 hash code for a local file
3524	Get or calculate the MD5 value of the local file.
3525	Ensure all necessary directories are created for a given target file.
3526	Check if the MD5 hash of a local file matches the MD5 hash of a remote file.
3527	Check if a path partially matches a filter path with wildcards, allowing for recursive matching if specified.
3528	Recursively walk through S3 directories and objects, filtering by a given path and populating a result list with information about matching files and subdirectories.
3529	Check if a file meets certain conditions and if so, add it to the result list.
3530	This method retrieves and returns the privilege level of a local file, and raises an exception if it fails to get the file's status.
3531	Get the S3 object for the given URL or return None if it does not exist.
3532	Reads a chunk of data from a local file starting at a given position and returns it as a StringIO object.
3533	Uploads a file to S3 using a single part or multipart upload based on file size and optional multiprocessing.
3534	Verify the file size of the downloaded file and raise an exception if it is inconsistent with the expected size specified in the content length header.
3535	Write a chunk of data to a local file at a specific position.
3536	Copy a single file from source to target using boto S3 library.
3537	Handle commands by dispatching to individual command handlers.
3538	Checks if the input parameters match the given format and validates them accordingly.
3539	Pretty prints the result of s3walk by calculating and aligning the maximum width of each column.
3540	Handle the "ls" command by listing buckets or walking through S3 paths.
3541	Handles the 'mb' command by creating an S3 bucket if a valid bucket name is provided.
3542	Handles the 'put' command by validating arguments and transferring files from source to target using S3.
3543	Handles the "get" command by validating the arguments and calling the appropriate method to retrieve files from either S3 or the local file system.
3544	The `cat_handler` method validates the command, extracts the source argument, and then calls the `print_files` method of the `s3handler` object to display the files in the specified source.
3545	Handle the dsync command by setting options, validating arguments, and syncing files between source and target locations.
3546	Handles the 'cp' command by validating arguments and copying files using S3 handler.
3547	Moves files from source to target and deletes source files.
3548	Deletes files from the specified source.
3549	Handle the size command by iterating over files and displaying their sizes along with source paths.
3550	Calculates and displays the total size of files in an S3 bucket based on the provided arguments.
3551	Searches for date information in a string and removes it, returning a datetime object and the modified string.
3552	Search for and extract time information from a string, returning the extracted time and the modified string.
3553	Search for timedelta information in the string and extract it as a datetime.timedelta object.
3554	Convert a JSON-formatted string into a dictionary, raising an error if the input is invalid.
3555	Discover gateways using multicast.
3556	Start listening and create a new Thread to handle messages.
3557	Send a read command to the gateway and return the response data.
3558	Broadcasts data received from a gateway to devices, validates it, processes it, and calls registered callback functions.
3559	Generate a ciphertext token using the AES encryption algorithm in CBC mode with a hardcoded initialization vector.
3560	This function is called by RQ when there is a failure in a worker and reports the data about the job with the exception using rollbar.
3561	Configure Rollbar for Pyramid with settings.
3562	If there's no log configuration, set up a default handler.
3563	Attempts to retrieve the current request object by trying multiple framework-specific functions and returns the first non-None result.
3564	Initializes the Rollbar configuration with the provided access token, environment, and optional keyword arguments, setting up variables like SETTINGS, agent_log, and transforms for data handling and logging.
3565	Decorator for making error handling on AWS Lambda easier
3566	Method for reporting an arbitrary string message to Rollbar with various options for message level, context, and data inclusion.
3567	Returns a list of items matching the input criteria.
3568	Creates a logger file named 'rollbar_agent' with a file handler that logs messages to it in warning level, defaulting to 'default.log' if the input file does not end with '.rollbar'.
3569	Builds a dictionary containing information about the logged-in user, using data from the request object, with priority given to `rollbar_person`, `user`, and `user_id`.
3570	Attempts to add information from the lambda context if it exists.
3571	Method to build request data and, if successful, set the 'request' key on `data`.
3572	Check if local variables for the given frame should be recorded
3573	Returns a dictionary containing data from the request, handling various types of request objects such as webob, django, flask, tornado, bottle, Sanic, and falcon.
3574	Builds a dictionary containing server information such as hostname, PID, argv, and custom settings.
3575	Returns the full payload as a string.
3576	This script initializes Rollbar for error tracking, sets up a TCP server on port 8000 using Twisted's protocol, and runs the reactor to start listening for connections.
3577	Composes a Hangul syllable from the given chosung, joongsung, and jongsung components.
3578	This function returns the decomposed components (cho, joong, jong) of a specified Hangul letter.
3579	Returns whether the given Hangul letter contains a Jongsung.
3580	Adds a particle (josa) to the end of a Korean word based on the final character's jongsung.
3581	Checks if a node is inside the name of an except handler.
3582	Returns True if the given node is inside a lambda function.
3583	Recursively returns all atoms in nested lists and tuples.
3584	Check if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable and return a tuple indicating whether it does and the relevant information.
3585	Returns True if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function
3586	Returns True if the function contains a `raise` statement, indicating that it only raises an exception.
3587	Returns True if the given Name node is used in a function or lambda's default argument's value.
3588	Returns true if the node has a parent that is a function decorator.
3589	Returns True if `frame` is an astroid.Class node with `node` in the subtree of its bases attribute.
3590	return the higher parent which is not an AssignName, Tuple or List node
3591	Decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method.
3592	Given a format string, return an iterator of all valid format fields, handling nested fields as well.
3593	Returns the specified argument from a function call, either by position or keyword.
3594	Returns True if a given class node is a subclass of exceptions.Exception.
3595	Check if the given exception handler catches the specified error type.
3596	Returns True if the given function node is decorated with a property.
3597	Function to check if a function has a decorator with a specified qualified name.
3598	Returns the ExceptHandler or the TryExcept node in which the given node is located.
3599	Checks whether the given node is from a fallback import block by verifying if it is within a try-except block that ignores `ImportError` or contains import statements.
3600	Get the list of exception handlers for a given exception in the syntax tree.
3601	Check if the node is in a TryExcept block handling the given exception, or bare excepts if no exception is provided.
3602	Returns True if a class should be considered abstract if any of its methods are abstract.
3603	Attempt to infer a value for a given node, returning the inferred value or None if inference fails or there is ambiguity.
3604	Return the inferred type for a given node, or None if there is more than one possible type or the type is uninferable.
3605	Check if a given function node in an AST is adorned with a singledispatch decorator.
3606	Check if the postponed evaluation of annotations is enabled by looking for an import statement from the `__future__` module.
3607	Split the names of the given module into subparts and return them as a list.
3608	Get a prepared module name from the given import node, handling relative imports.
3609	Returns a string that represents imports as a tree.
3610	Generates a dependencies graph, writes it to a file, and appends a paragraph to a report section.
3611	Triggered when an import statement is seen, this method checks for reimports, multiple imports, deprecated and preferred modules, and relative imports.
3612	Triggered when a from statement is seen, this method checks various aspects of the import statement such as renaming, misplaced future imports, deprecated modules, preferred modules, wildcard imports, same-line imports, reimporting, and relative imports.
3613	Check if an import or importfrom node is in the correct position in a code snippet.
3614	Record the package `node` imports from.
3615	Checks and categorizes import statements in a module to ensure they are ordered correctly, with standard imports first, followed by third-party and local imports.
3616	Check if a relative import is used and add a message if it is.
3617	Notify an imported module and analyze its dependencies.
3618	Check if a module is deprecated and add a message if it is.
3619	Check if a module has a preferred replacement and add a message if it does.
3620	Return a verbatim layout for displaying external dependencies.
3621	Build an internal or external dependency graph based on import relationships.
3622	Read config file and return list of options
3623	Insert default options to sys.argv in reverse order.
3624	Determines if a node should be treated based on its visibility and the current mode.
3625	Retrieves callbacks for a given node from a handler, caching the results for future use.
3626	Launches a visit starting from the given node and recursively visits its child nodes.
3627	Check the consistency of msgid in messages, ensuring the checker id is the same for all messages.
3628	Visit a Call node and perform various checks based on the inferred result.
3629	Check if a datetime was inferred and emit a warning if so.
3630	Check that the mode argument of an open or file call is valid.
3631	Manage and append message details to a list in the context of a path.
3632	Print the messages in JSON format to the output with an indentation of 4.
3633	Get the title for objects by combining the node's name with the module names if available.
3634	Sets default options for module names, ancestors, and associated levels based on configuration settings.
3635	Return ``True`` if built-ins are being shown, or if *node* does not refer to the built-ins.
3636	Visit a class node and add it to the diagram.
3637	Returns ancestor nodes of a class node recursively, skipping nodes that are not shown.
3638	Returns associated nodes of a class node at a given level, filtered by a show_node method.
3639	Recursively extracts classes related to a given class node, considering ancestors and associated nodes up to a specified level.
3640	Exit the current project and return the package and class diagrams.
3641	Catches modules for package diagram when visiting `astroid.ImportFrom` nodes.
3642	Generates a class diagram for a given class and its related classes in a project.
3643	Get the diagrams configuration data by reading and interpreting diagram definitions (Diadefs).
3644	Check if the given owner should be ignored based on its module and class names, considering ignored modules and classes.
3645	Given an owner and an attribute name, find similar names based on a distance metric and return a limited number of choices.
3646	Determines whether a no-member warning should be emitted for a given owner based on various conditions.
3647	Checks if the given node has a parent of the given type.
3648	Check if the given name is used as a variadic argument
3649	Verifies if a call node has variadic nodes without context by checking if variable positional or keyword arguments are inferred incorrectly by astroid and if they are used as starred arguments.
3650	Checks if an accessed attribute exists on a node, avoiding false positives for generated members and ignored classes/modules.
3651	Check if assigning to a function call, the function is possibly returning something valuable
3652	A method to check if an uninferable function call is actually callable or if it's a property.
3653	Detect and report TypeErrors for unary operands in the code.
3654	Return an iterator on interfaces implemented by the given class node, optionally considering inherited interfaces.
3655	Build a project representation from a list of files or modules.
3656	Visit an ASTROID package node and optionally tag it with a unique ID.
3657	Sets the locals_type mapping for an ASTroid Function node and optionally tags it with a unique ID.
3658	visit an astroid.AssignName node and handle locals_type by updating it with the current values.
3659	Handles an ASTroid assignattr node to update instance attributes type.
3660	Resolves module dependencies for an ASTroid node by visiting imported names and determining if they are relative.
3661	Resolves module dependencies for an `astroid.ImportFrom` node.
3662	Check if a module should be added to dependencies based on its context and path.
3663	Notify an imported module and manage its dependencies.
3664	Generate an ANSI escape code from a given color and style, or return an empty string if the input is invalid.
3665	Colors a message using ANSI escape codes based on provided color and style identifiers.
3666	Register the reporter classes with the linter.
3667	Manage and write messages of different types, contextually grouped by modules.
3668	launch layouts display
3669	Manage and colorize messages of different types using ANSI escape codes
3670	Open a vcg graph
3671	Draw a node with a title and optional attributes.
3672	Draw an edge between from_node and to_node with the specified attributes and edge_type.
3673	Check if the new string formatting meets the requirements and add relevant messages if it does not.
3674	Check for bad escapes in a non-raw string, including handling Unicode and specific escape sequences.
3675	Displays a section as text by formatting its children and incrementing/decrementing a section counter.
3676	Display an evaluation section as a text.
3677	Display a table as text by formatting the content and column widths.
3678	format a table with specified column widths and content.
3679	Register old IDs and symbols for renamed warnings to support continued suppression use.
3680	Register all messages from a checker and its consistency.
3681	Register a MessageDefinition with consistency in mind and ensures it and its alternatives are properly named and categorized.
3682	Check that a symbol is not already used, and if so, raise an error.
3683	Raise an error when a symbol is duplicated and provide a clear error message indicating the conflicting symbols and message ID.
3684	Raise an error when a msgid is duplicated for a given symbol.
3685	Returns a list of message definitions for a given message ID or symbol.
3686	Return a user-consumable representation of a message, either just the message ID or the ID and the symbol.
3687	Display help messages for the given message identifiers.
3688	List and print documentation for full messages in ReST format.
3689	Generate full documentation in ReST format for all extension modules.
3690	Returns the number of CPU cores available, using `sched_getaffinity` if available, or `multiprocessing.cpu_count()` if not, falling back to 1 if both are unavailable.
3691	This function generates a table report of message occurrences, excluding message IDs starting with "I", and appends it to a section.
3692	Prepare sys.path for running the linter checks. Paths are added to sys.path in corresponding order to the arguments, avoiding duplicates, and reset to original value upon exiting.
3693	Load and register pylint plugins from a list of module names.
3694	Call the configuration hook for plugins and allow them to configure specific settings.
3695	Overridden from config.OptionsProviderMixin to handle special options and set token checker options while providing deprecation warnings and error handling.
3696	Registers a new checker with its reports and options.
3697	Disable all reporters by iterating through their IDs and calling a specific disable method for each one.
3698	Disable all other checkers and enable Python 3 warnings, adjusting message control based on configuration and setting a flag.
3699	Return a list of all available checkers, including the current instance and any nested checkers.
3700	Get all the checker names known by the linter, excluding "master", and return them sorted.
3701	Returns a list of needed checkers for activated messages and reports, sorted by priority.
3702	Expands a list of modules, handles errors, and returns the result along with error messages.
3703	Sets the current module name and initializes statistics for it.
3704	Check a module from its astroid representation and run various checks.
3705	Generates a global evaluation report for the code by checking the evaluation configuration and calculating a note based on the code statistics.
3706	Exit the program with help message for a particular option.
3707	Callback for printing full documentation
3708	A callback function for optik to list available messages and exit.
3709	Lists all the check groups that pylint knows about and exits.
3710	Wraps the text on the given line length with the specified indentation.
3711	Return the module name and the frame id in the module
3712	Ensure that the line is decoded using the specified encoding, or the default encoding if the specified encoding is invalid.
3713	Determines if a basename matches any regex pattern in a blacklist.
3714	Plugin registration routine in a specified directory.
3715	Returns a string with each line prefixed as a comment.
3716	Return the formatted value from a 'compiled' value based on the type specified in optdict.
3717	Format an options section using the INI format and optionally include a comment from documentation.
3718	Format options using the INI format and write the output to the stream.
3719	Inserts a child node at the specified index and sets the parent of the child node.
3720	Overridden to detect problems by ensuring a child is not already a parent before appending it to a node.
3721	Return the ancestor nodes of a given node.
3722	Format and write the given layout into the stream object, handling encoding as needed.
3723	Tricks to get table content without actually writing it, return an aligned list of lists containing table cells values as string
3724	Trick to compute the formatting of children layout before actually writing it. Returns an iterator on strings (one for each child element).
3725	Walk the AST to collect block level options line numbers and manage message states
3726	Report an ignored message based on the state scope and update the suppression mapping accordingly.
3727	Registers a report with a unique identifier, title, callback method, and checker.
3728	Render registered reports
3729	Add some stats entries to the statistic dictionary and raise an AssertionError if there is a key conflict.
3730	Get the name of the property that the given node is a setter for.
3731	Get the property node for a given setter node.
3732	Checks whether the return node in an AST contains a value other than None.
3733	Gets all possible raised exception types for a given raise node in an AST, ignoring caught exception types.
3734	Inspect the source file to find and log messages based on their IDs and enable/disable status.
3735	Inspect the source file to find encoding problems and check line encoding.
3736	Inspect source code tokens to find and process FIXME comments based on specified notes and patterns.
3737	Check if a name is a future import from another module.
3738	Returns True if stmt is inside the else branch for a parent For stmt.
3739	This method retrieves the overridden method for a given class and name if it exists.
3740	Generates extra information for unpacking errors.
3741	Detects if two frames share a global scope, considering their parent scopes and whether they are under function scopes.
3742	Checks if name_node has a corresponding assign statement in the same scope.
3743	Mark a name as consumed and remove it from the to_consume dictionary.
3744	Checks for globally imported names that are either undefined, assigned, or redefined as built-in attributes at the module level.
3745	Return True if the node is in a local class scope, as an assignment.
3746	Check if there is a homonym in the upper function scope.
3747	Check for unbalanced tuple unpacking and unpacking non-sequences in code.
3748	Update consumption analysis for metaclasses by checking class definitions and removing unused items.
3749	Return a list of subpackages for the given directory.
3750	setup entry point
3751	Override the `run()` method from the `install_lib` class, call the superclass method first, and then manually install specified directories while excluding certain patterns.
3752	Generate a report layout showing similarities between current and previous stats.
3753	Entry point for a standalone command line tool that analyzes similarities in code files based on specified options, including minimum line count, comment and import ignores.
3754	Append a file to search for similarities, handling different encodings and ignoring specified elements in the process.
3755	Computes and returns similarities in appended files by identifying and consolidating duplicate line sets.
3756	Display computed similarities on stdout.
3757	find similarities between two linesets and yield the indices where the similarities start and the minimum number of lines that match.
3758	Iterates through all pairs of line sets to find and yield similarities.
3759	Iterator on stripped lines, starting from a given index or 0
3760	Creates an index dictionary mapping non-empty lines to their line numbers.
3761	Check if the given definition signature is equivalent to a call.
3762	Check if the attributes of two nodes are equal based on a specified attribute name.
3763	Checks if the default values of the arguments in the original and overridden methods are different.
3764	Determine if two methods have different parameters, considering positional, keyword-only, variadic, and special method parameters.
3765	Safely infers the return value of a function, returning None if inference fails or if there is ambiguity.
3766	Sets the given node as accessed and appends it to the corresponding list in the scopes dictionary.
3767	Dispatch to the different methods responsible for checking various aspects of a class definition, including its bases, slots, proper bases, and MRO, while also ensuring the presence of an `__init__` method if the class is not an exception or metaclass.
3768	Detects if a class has a consistent method resolution order (MRO) or duplicate bases.
3769	Detects if a class inherits from something that is not a class or a type and reports it.
3770	Check method arguments and behavior, overriding inherited methods.
3771	Checks if a method override is useless because it uses super() to call the same method with the same arguments, potentially removing the override.
3772	Check if a method node couldn't be a function, ignoring certain types of methods and applying linting rules.
3773	Check if an assignment to an attribute is valid based on the class's __slots__ definition.
3774	Check if the name node represents an access to a class member and register it if so.
3775	Checks that accessed members are defined before being used, and reports an error if not.
3776	Check that the given class node implements abstract methods from base classes.
3777	Check that the signatures of two given methods match.
3778	Check if astroid.Name corresponds to the first attribute variable name.
3779	Returns True if the given block of code contains a raise statement.
3780	Check that the exception context is properly set.
3781	Check for the use of `super` in a function definition and ensure it is used correctly if the class is new-style.
3782	Display results encapsulated in the layout tree.
3783	Checks if a class node is a typing.NamedTuple class
3784	Returns True if a class definition defines an Enum class.
3785	Returns True if a class definition in an AST node represents a Python 3.7+ dataclass.
3786	Initializes visit variables.
3787	Check the size of the inheritance hierarchy and the number of instance attributes of a class definition node.
3788	Check if a class has too many or too few public methods compared to configuration settings.
3789	increments the branches counter and checks boolean expressions
3790	Counts and checks the number of boolean expressions in an "if" statement=node, raises a message if the count exceeds a specified maximum.
3791	Check the node's docstring for spelling errors.
3792	Formats the message according to the given template using the `format` method.
3793	Returns true if the given token is a trailing comma that trails an expression.
3794	Check if the given node is an actual elif branch in an astroid If statement.
3795	Check if the given if node can be simplified by reducing it to a boolean expression.
3796	This method checks if an exception of type StopIteration is raised inside a generator function and adds a message if it is.
3797	Return True if the exception node in the argument inherits from StopIteration.
3798	Check if a StopIteration exception is raised by the call to next function and add a message if it is raised and the next value does not have a default value.
3799	Update and check the number of nested blocks within functions or methods, managing the stack of nested blocks and emitting messages when necessary.
3800	Function to get duplicated types from isinstance calls in an ASTroid node.
3801	Checks for isinstance calls that can be merged together.
3802	Checks for and refactors chained comparisons in expression nodes, providing a message if a boolean operation contains multiple comparisons that can be chained.
3803	Test if the given node is in the form of 'condition and true_value or false_value'
3804	The method checks if return statements within a function are consistent in terms of being explicit or empty.
3805	Return True if the node ends with an explicit return statement.
3806	Checks if a for loop iterates over a range and a sequence, and recommends using enumerate if so.
3807	Check if Graphviz is available for specified output format, exit if not installed.
3808	This function checks if the required arguments are provided, inserts the current working directory into the python path, and then runs the project by creating a project object, a linker, and a DiadefsHandler object. It writes the output in the specified format (either VCG or Dot).
3809	Write a package diagram.
3810	Write a class diagram by emitting nodes for each object, inheritance links, implementation links, and associations.
3811	initialize DotWriter and add options for layout.
3812	Initialize a VCGWriter for a UML graph and set the printer.
3813	Determines if a message can be emitted based on Python version constraints.
3814	Formats a help string for a given message ID based on various conditions.
3815	Update the PYTHONPATH environment variable by appending the current sys.path.
3816	Run pylint on a given file, correcting the output file paths to match the original filename.
3817	Run pylint from python with customizable command options and output handling.
3818	A recursive function to find all cycles in a given graph.
3819	Returns the source code, emitting a closing brace and removing the lines if necessary.
3820	Generates a graph file based on input parameters and returns the path to the generated file.
3821	Format an options section using ReST formatted output and write it to a stream.
3822	If the msgid is numeric, it registers it to inform the user that it could use a symbolic msgid.
3823	Disabling a message by ID in a specified scope and optionally ignoring unknown IDs.
3824	Re-enable a message with the given ID.
3825	Returns the original message id if the message does not exist.
3826	Function to check if a message associated with a given message id is enabled.
3827	Add a message to the checker given by ID or name.
3828	Output a full documentation in ReST format for Pylint global options, switches, and checkers' options, messages, and reports.
3829	Helper method for print_full_documentation that prints checker documentation, options, messages, and reports to a given stream.
3830	Return the length of the indentation on the given token's line.
3831	Return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists, and a hint if there is a bad position.
3832	Generates a string for hanging indentation based on the start column of a token and the current line indentation.
3833	Record the first non-junk token at the start of a line and determine if it is a block opener.
3834	Returns the valid offsets for the token at the given position, considering potential resets for certain token types.
3835	Extracts indentation information for a hanging indent after a bracket.
3836	Extracts indentation information for a continued indent.
3837	Pushes a new token for continued indentation on the stack.
3838	Process a new line by checking for unnecessary semicolons, updating line information, and validating the line.
3839	Checks for unnecessary parentheses after certain keywords in code.
3840	Returns True if the given tokens contain a valid PEP-484 type hint within brackets.
3841	Check the spacing of a single equals sign based on the type annotation and surrounding context.
3842	Check that a binary operator is surrounded by exactly one space.
3843	Visits a default AST node, checks if it's a statement and not in a non-pure Python block, and processes lines in between the previous and current node's line numbers.
3844	Check for and warn about lines containing multiple statements in Python code.
3845	Check if lines have less than a maximum number of characters and report any trailing whitespace or lines that are too long.
3846	Return the indent level of the string.
3847	Returns True if the node is being used as an iterator, based on its parent node context.
3848	Checks if an import node is within a conditional context.
3849	Detect when a "bad" built-in is referenced and report it if not ignored by an exception handler.
3850	Look for indexing exceptions in subscript nodes.
3851	Look for removed attributes and check for specific exceptions or deprecated modules.
3852	Visit an except handler block and check for exception unpacking, and report any potential name conflicts or leaks.
3853	Visit a raise statement and check for raising strings or old-raise-syntax.
3854	Search for the pylint rc file in various locations and return its path if found, else None.
3855	Validate a value for an option according to its type.
3856	Patch OptionParser.expand_default to handle defaults without overriding values from the configuration file.
3857	Disables abbreviations for long options.
3858	Register an options provider with a specified priority and handle its options accordingly, grouping them if necessary.
3859	Sets a provider option to a specified value using a callback.
3860	Set an option on the correct option provider
3861	This function writes a configuration file based on the current configuration, optionally skipping specified sections and encoding the output.
3862	Process configuration file values and dispatch them to options providers.
3863	Override configuration according to command line parameters and return additional arguments.
3864	Add a help section with a given title, description, and optional level to the command-line parser.
3865	Return the usage string for available options at a specified level.
3866	Initialize the provider using default values for options that are not "callback" actions.
3867	Returns the configuration attribute corresponding to the given option.
3868	Return the dictionary defining an option given its name.
3869	Return an iterator on options grouped by section.
3870	Return true if the node represents a method call for the given type and method names, False otherwise.
3871	Returns True if a string node has complex formatting specifications.
3872	Clears the state of a checker instance and initializes it with configuration settings related to logging modules.
3873	Checks if a module uses a non-Python logging module.
3874	Checks if the module uses Python's built-in logging.
3875	Checks calls to logging methods and verifies if they are valid logging calls.
3876	Check that format string tokens match the supplied arguments.
3877	Returns True if the node is inside a kind of for loop.
3878	Returns the loop node that holds the break node in arguments.
3879	Returns true if the given loop may end up in a break statement
3880	Returns a tuple containing the set of fully qualified property classes and the set of property names extracted from the given configuration.
3881	Determines the type of a function's name based on its decorators and properties.
3882	Generates a report showing the percentage of documented and non-documentated items, as well as items with bad names, for different types of nodes (module, class, method, function).
3883	Returns True if an object is a method redefined via a decorator.
3884	Check if a call has exactly one positional argument.
3885	Check if a Starred expression is used as an assignment target, except in specific contexts like function calls or unpacking.
3886	Check if a name is both nonlocal and global within its scope.
3887	Check if a call is instantiating an abstract class with abc.ABCMeta as metaclass.
3888	Check that any loop with an else clause has a break statement.
3889	Check if a node is inside a loop.
3890	Initialize visit variables and statistics
3891	Check for and handle various types of statements in an AST node that do not have side effects, such as string statements or direct function calls.
3892	Checks whether a lambda function is unnecessary based on certain conditions and adds a message if it is.
3893	check the use of an assert statement on a tuple and add a message if it meets certain conditions
3894	Checks for duplicate keys in a dictionary node.
3895	Checks if the next statement is unreachable and adds a message if it is.
3896	Checks that a node is not inside a finally clause of a try...finally statement, skipping the check if a breaker class is found.
3897	Checks if the argument passed to the `reversed` function is a sequence.
3898	Check module level assigned names and handle different assignment types and frames.
3899	Check if a node's name is valid based on the node type's regular expression and whether it matches whitelist or blacklist criteria.
3900	Check if a node has a non-empty docstring and report missing or empty ones based on configuration and node type.
3901	Check if the comparison is being made to a literal, which is generally not preferred.
3902	Parse and create subgraphs for `if` and `for` statements in a given code node.
3903	Parses the body and optional `else` blocks of `if` and `for` statements, updating the control flow graph and appending loose ends.
3904	Check if the complexity of an AST node is greater than a maximum allowed complexity and add a message if it is.
3905	The `add_checker` method walks through the attributes of a given checker object, identifying and collecting visit and leave methods based on specific naming conventions, and then associates these methods with corresponding node classes.
3906	Recursively visit and process an ASTroid node, triggering visit and leave events for all relevant checkers.
3907	This method is used to create a relationship between two objects with a specified relation type and optional name, and store it in a dictionary with the relation type as the key.
3908	Returns a relationship object if the given from_object and relation_type match, or raises KeyError if no matching relationship is found.
3909	Collect and return sorted visible attributes of a node, possibly including class names.
3910	Return a sorted list of public methods visible from a given node.
3911	Create a diagram object with a title and a node, ensuring the node is not already in the dictionary.
3912	Return class names needed in a diagram.
3913	Returns all class nodes in the diagram.
3914	Return a class by its name, raise KeyError if not found.
3915	Returns all module nodes in the diagram.
3916	Returns a module by its name, raises KeyError if not found.
3917	Retrieve a module by its name, including relative imports, and raise KeyError if not found.
3918	Add dependencies created by from-imports.
3919	Removes itself from the cache.
3920	Determines which method to use for obtaining the query object based on the model's attributes.
3921	Returns the User object if the username and password match, otherwise returns None
3922	Return a Token object with the given access token or refresh token.
3923	Creates a Token object and removes all expired tokens that belong to the user.
3924	Creates a new Grant object with the given parameters and commits it to the session.
3925	Retrieve Grant object by client ID and code.
3926	Constructs a request by setting default headers, method, and handling data for GET or POST requests.
3927	Initialize the Flask app and store it with an optional configuration key.
3928	Registers a new remote application with OAuth authentication and optionally registers it.
3929	The `request` method sends a request to a remote server with optional data, headers, format, method, content type, and token, handling OAuth authentication and optionally modifying the request before sending it.
3930	Generate a redirect response to the remote authorization URL with the signed callback and optional state.
3931	Method to handle OAuth1 authorization response.
3932	Method to handle OAuth2 authorization response based on the access token method.
3933	Method to handle authorization response based on args.
3934	Handles an OAuth callback and logs a warning when used.
3935	Creates a tuple representation of the given token that can be used as a dictionary key.
3936	Factory that creates or retrieves a client based on a token.
3937	Creates an OAuth1Session client with access token pair.
3938	Creates a context to enable the oauthlib environment variable for debugging with insecure transport, ensuring it is restored afterward.
3939	When a consumer confirms an authorization request, the method extracts parameters, retrieves realms and credentials, creates an authorization response, and handles errors by redirecting to an error URI.
3940	The function `request_token_handler` is a decorator that registers a function to handle the generation of request tokens for OAuth1 authentication, where the decorated function provides additional credentials for creating the token response.
3941	Get client secret.
3942	Return the request token secret for a given client key and token.
3943	Retrieve and return the access token secret for the given client key and token.
3944	Fetching the default realms for a client.
3945	Return a list of realms associated with a given request token.
3946	Get redirect URI for the given request token.
3947	Retrieves a previously stored client provided RSA key from the request if available.
3948	Validates that the supplied client key is valid.
3949	Validate request token for client.
3950	Validates if the access token is available for the given client.
3951	Validates whether a timestamp and nonce have been used or not, and sets them if not.
3952	Returns a boolean indicating if the provided redirect URI is allowed for the given client.
3953	Check if the token has permission on the specified realms.
3954	Validates the existence of a verifier and checks if it matches the provided client key.
3955	Verifies if the request token exists and sets it if it does.
3956	Checks if the realms in the token match the requested realms.
3957	Save access token to database using a provided setter function.
3958	Save request token to database.
3959	Save verifier to database using a verifiersetter function.
3960	Return the URI or endpoint for OAuth2 error pages.
3961	When a consumer confirms an authorization request, the method fetches credentials from the request, extracts parameters, and creates an authorization response. It handles different types of exceptions, including fatal client errors, OAuth2 errors, and generic exceptions, and returns an appropriate response based on the outcome.
3962	Verify the current request and get the OAuth data using the server's verification method.
3963	Return client credentials based on the current request, using HTTP Basic authentication if provided.
3964	Determines if client authentication is required for the current request based on the rfc6749 specifications.
3965	Authenticates a client using credentials from a request.
3966	Authenticate a non-confidential client.
3967	Get the list of scopes associated with the refresh token.
3968	Ensures the requested scope matches the scope originally granted by the resource owner.
3969	Return the default redirect URI for a given client.
3970	Set default scopes for the given client.
3971	Remove an authorization code for a client after use.
3972	Persist the authorization code for a client and return the default redirect URI.
3973	Persist the Bearer token and return the default redirect URI.
3974	Validates an access token by checking its availability, expiration, and scopes.
3975	Ensure client_id belong to a valid and active client.
3976	Ensures the grant code is valid by checking its existence and expiration.
3977	Determines whether a client is authorized to use a requested grant type.
3978	Ensures the refresh token is valid and belongs to the specified client, updating the request object with relevant user and client information.
3979	Check if the client is authorized to use the requested response type.
3980	Ensure the client is authorized access to requested scopes.
3981	Ensure the username and password is valid and attach user object on request
3982	Revoke an access or refresh token.
3983	Update some required parameters for OAuth2.0 API calls using defaults from session and input data.
3984	Recursively converts dictionary keys to strings.
3985	Changes the authorization header from 'Bearer' to 'OAuth2' for Weibo requests.
3986	Creates a remote app and registers it by passing the name and other keyword arguments.
3987	r Creates a remote app using the provided OAuth object and keyword arguments.
3988	Extract request parameters from a web request.
3989	Ensure the input text is in bytes type, encoding it with UTF-8 if necessary.
3990	Decode base64 string.
3991	Create a response class for Flask with specified headers, body, and status code.
3992	Gets the cached clients dictionary in the current context.
3993	Adds remote application and applies custom attributes on it.
3994	Creates and adds a new remote application with the specified name, version, and attributes.
3995	Repeatedly calls a method to raise an exception.
3996	Call the method repeatedly to generate keys and certificates.
3997	Call the function with an encrypted PEM and a passphrase callback.
3998	Calls the function with an encrypted PEM and a passphrase callback that returns the wrong passphrase, and checks if an exception is raised.
3999	Calls a private key loading function with an incorrect passphrase callback type and checks for a ValueError.
4000	Create a CRL object with 100 Revoked objects and repeatedly call the get_revoked method.
4001	Copies an empty Revoked object repeatedly and manually frees the copy to prevent memory leaks.
4002	Will generate a certificate request using the provided private key and subject information, and sign it with the specified digest method.
4003	Returns a signed X509 certificate generated from a certificate request with specified issuer, serial, validity period, and digest method.
4004	Decorator that ensures functions raising AttributeError due to missing OpenSSL functions instead raise NotImplementedError.
4005	Load and verify SSL certificates from specified file or directory.
4006	This interface sets a passphrase callback function that will be invoked when a private key with a passphrase is loaded.
4007	Load a certificate chain from a file.
4008	Load a certificate from a file.
4009	Load a certificate from a X509 object.
4010	Add a certificate to the SSL context's chain.
4011	Loads a private key from a file.
4012	Loads a private key from a PKey object into an SSL context.
4013	Load the trusted certificates for the client CA list.
4014	Sets the maximum depth for the certificate chain verification allowed for this Context object.
4015	Load parameters for Ephemeral Diffie-Hellman from a file.
4016	Set the list of ciphers to be used in this context.
4017	Sets the list of preferred client certificate signers for the SSL server context.
4018	Add the CA certificate to the list of preferred signers for this context.
4019	Specify a callback function to be called when clients specify a server name.
4020	Enable support for negotiating SRTP keying material using a colon-delimited list of protection profile names.
4021	Specify a callback function to select the protocol from a list offered by a server during Next Protocol Negotiation.
4022	Specifies the protocols that the client is prepared to speak after the TLS connection has been negotiated using Application Layer Protocol Negotiation.
4023	Specify a callback function to be called by the server when a client offers protocols using ALPN.
4024	Sets the OCSP callback for SSL/TLS context.
4025	Set a callback function to provide OCSP data for TLS handshake on the server side.
4026	Sets an OCSP client callback for validating stapled OCSP data during the TLS handshake on the client side.
4027	Switch this connection to a new session context.
4028	Retrieves the servername extension value if provided in the client hello message, or None if there wasn't one.
4029	Sets the servername extension value to send in the client hello.
4030	Receives data on the connection with an optional parameter for the maximum number of bytes to read and a flag to peek at the data without consuming it. If successful, returns the data as a string.
4031	Receives data from the connection and copies it directly into the provided buffer, returning the number of bytes read.
4032	This method reads bytes from the memory BIO of a Connection created with a memory BIO, up to a specified maximum number of bytes, and returns the data as a string.
4033	Renegotiate the session. Returns True if the renegotiation can be started, False otherwise.
4034	Send the shutdown message to the Connection and check if the shutdown was successful.
4035	Retrieves the list of ciphers used by the Connection object.
4036	Returns a list of X509Name objects representing the certificate authorities suggested for client authentication.
4037	Sets the shutdown state of the Connection.
4038	Retrieves the random value used with the server hello message.
4039	Returns the random value used with the client hello message.
4040	Retrieves the master key for the current session as a string.
4041	Obtains keying material for application use based on a label, length, and optional context.
4042	Returns the OpenSSL session currently used or None if no session exists.
4043	Returns the name of the currently used cipher or None if no connection has been established.
4044	This interface is used to obtain the number of secret bits of the currently used cipher.
4045	Returns the protocol version of the currently used cipher or :obj:`None` if no connection has been established.
4046	Retrieves the TLS version name of the current connection.
4047	Returns the protocol name negotiated by NPN, or an empty string if no protocol has been negotiated yet.
4048	Specifies and encodes a list of ALPN protocols to be sent to the server during the SSL handshake.
4049	Returns the protocol that was negotiated by ALPN. If no protocol has been negotiated yet, returns an empty string.
4050	Allocates a new OpenSSL memory BIO and arranges for it to be automatically cleaned up by the garbage collector.
4051	Copies the contents of an OpenSSL BIO object into a Python byte string.
4052	Sets the time value of an ASN1 time object from a string representation. Raises appropriate errors if the input is invalid or if the time value cannot be set.
4053	Retrieve the time value of an ASN.1 time object and return it as a bytes string in a certain format or None if the object contains no time value.
4054	Return a single elliptic curve object selected by name, raising ValueError if not supported.
4055	Dump a public key to a buffer in the specified file type and return the buffer.
4056	Load a public key from a buffer based on the file type.
4057	Sign a data string using the given key and message digest.
4058	Verify the signature for a data string using a given certificate and digest method, raising an exception if the signature is invalid.
4059	Dump a certificate revocation list to a buffer in the specified file type.
4060	Export the key as a ``cryptography`` key.
4061	Generates a key pair of the specified type and number of bits.
4062	This method checks the consistency of an RSA private key and returns `True` if it is consistent, otherwise it raises an appropriate error.
4063	Get the names of the elliptic curves the given OpenSSL library supports.
4064	Retrieve, cache, and return supported elliptic curves from the specified OpenSSL library.
4065	Create a new OpenSSL EC_KEY structure initialized to use this curve and automatically garbage collected when the Python object is garbage collected.
4066	Converts the name object to its DER encoded byte string form.
4067	Returns the components of an X509 name, as a sequence of (name, value) tuples.
4068	Returns the short type name of this X.509 extension as a byte string.
4069	Returns the ASN.1 encoded data of the X509 extension.
4070	Export as a `cryptography` certificate signing request.
4071	Set the public key of a certificate signing request.
4072	This method retrieves the public key from a certificate signing request and returns it as a `PKey` object.
4073	Get the subject of a certificate signing request.
4074	Adds extensions to the certificate signing request.
4075	Returns the X.509 extensions in the certificate signing request.
4076	Verifies the signature on this certificate signing request using the provided public key.
4077	Exports the current object as a "cryptography" certificate.
4078	Sets the version number of the certificate, ensuring it is an integer.
4079	This method retrieves the public key from a certificate and returns it as a PKey object.
4080	Sets the public key of the certificate.
4081	Sign the certificate with the given private key and digest type.
4082	Returns the name of the signature algorithm used in the certificate in bytes format, raising a ValueError if the algorithm is undefined.
4083	Return the digest of the X509 object using the specified digest algorithm.
4084	Convert a serial number to hexadecimal and set it as the certificate's serial number using OpenSSL functions.
4085	Return the serial number of this certificate as an integer.
4086	Adjusts the certificate's stop-validity timestamp by a specified number of seconds.
4087	Adjusts the timestamp on which the certificate starts being valid by a specified number of seconds.
4088	Check whether the certificate has expired by comparing its expiration time with the current UTC time.
4089	This method returns the issuer of a certificate, creating and modifying an `X509Name` object that wraps the underlying issuer name field on the certificate.
4090	Set the issuer of this certificate.
4091	This method returns the subject of the certificate as an :class:`X509Name` object, modifying the underlying certificate and any other references to this subject when modified.
4092	Set the subject of this certificate using the provided X509Name object.
4093	Adds extensions to a certificate, ensuring each is an `X509Extension` object and handling any errors that arise.
4094	Get a specific extension of the certificate by index
4095	Adds a trusted certificate to the store, raising errors if the certificate is not an X509 or if OpenSSL encounters an issue.
4096	Adds a certificate revocation list to a store, returning None on success.
4097	Sets the verification time for certificates in the store.
4098	Initialize the store context for a verification operation.
4099	Convert an OpenSSL native context error failure into a Python exception.
4100	Verify a certificate in a context and raise an exception if an error occurs.
4101	Sets the serial number using a hexadecimal string.
4102	Returns the serial number of an X509_REVOKED object as a byte string formatted in hexadecimal ASCII.
4103	Sets the reason for a revocation, deleting it if None is provided.
4104	Returns the reason for a certificate revocation if available.
4105	Set the revocation timestamp using the ASN.1 TIME format.
4106	Export the CRL as a ``cryptography`` CRL.
4107	Returns the revocations in a certificate revocation list as a tuple of `Revocation` objects.
4108	Get the CRL's issuer.
4109	Signs the CRL using the provided issuer's certificate and private key, and sets the issuer's name based on the issuer certificate.
4110	Export the Certificate Revocation List (CRL) as a string in a specified format and signing it with the provided certificate and key.
4111	Return the type name of the PKCS7 structure as a string.
4112	Replaces or sets the CA certificates within the PKCS12 object.
4113	Convert a given PKCS12 object into a string representation using the specified options.
4114	Sign the certificate request with this key and digest type.
4115	Verifies a signature on a certificate request using a public key.
4116	Generate a base64 encoded representation of this SPKI object and return it as a bytes object.
4117	This method retrieves the public key from a certificate.
4118	Set the public key of the certificate.
4119	Converts an OpenSSL library failure into a Python exception by extracting error codes and messages from the error queue and raising the given exception type with the errors as its argument.
4120	Convert text to bytes and issue a warning if necessary.
4121	internal helper function to print colored tokenized messages
4122	Return extra config options for the TrelloIssue class
4123	Returns a generator yielding dictionaries representing issues from a remote service, incorporating board and list names for context.
4124	Build taskwarrior annotations from card JSON comments.
4125	Retrieves the list of boards from the Trello API, either using a user-provided list or fetching them from the API if not specified.
4126	Returns a list of filtered Trello lists for a given board based on include and exclude configurations.
4127	Returns an iterator for the cards in a given list, filtered according to configuration values.
4128	Method for retrieving the comments on a certain card.
4129	Builds the full URL for an API endpoint by combining the base URL with a given path and context.
4130	Returns a list of results from a paginated API endpoint using a specified URL and subkey.
4131	Utility function to parse GitHub's Link header field into a dictionary.
4132	Grab all issues matching a GitHub query and store them with their respective repositories.
4133	Grab all the pull requests for a given tag.
4134	Starts a multi-process aggregation of issues from multiple targets, handling errors and yielding the aggregated issues.
4135	Return a main config value, or default if it does not exist
4136	Generate a dictionary of Jinja2 templates for Taskwarrior field values.
4137	Validate generic options for a particular target and check if they are correctly formatted.
4138	Return true if the issue should be included based on configuration settings.
4139	Returns a string formatted as an RST-compatible table.
4140	Executes a command and retrieves the password from its output.
4141	Return an integer value from a configuration parser or None if the value is empty, otherwise raise a ValueError.
4142	Pull down tasks from forges and add them to your taskwarrior tasks.
4143	Performs a request to the specified URL and returns the JSON response.
4144	Pages through an object collection from the Bitbucket API and returns an iterator that lazily goes through all the 'values' of all the pages in the collection.
4145	Find and return the local UUID for a given issue using various keys or legacy matching.
4146	Merge array field from the remote_issue into local_task while preserving local entries and appending remote entries if not present in local.
4147	Builds a dictionary of configuration overrides representing the UDAs defined by given targets.
4148	Parse a deeply formatted string from JIRA to extract sprint details into a dictionary.
4149	Retrieves valid user credentials from storage, obtaining them through OAuth2 flow if necessary.
4150	Calculate the Rouge-N scores between multiple pairs of sequences efficiently by precomputing n-grams and reused them to avoid redundant calculations.
4151	This function calculates p-values for all categories in a graph using hypergeometric distribution based on a set of query identifiers and gene sets, with an optional background size.
4152	Apply Benjamini-Hochberg FDR correction to p-values.
4153	Standardizes the mean and variance of a 2D DataFrame along a specified axis.
4154	Generate a heatmap visualization of a given DataFrame with options for z-scoring, title, figure size, colormap, and output file name.
4155	Remove spines and ticks from a matplotlib axes object based on a list of spine names to keep.
4156	Return `ArgumentParser` object with top-level and sub-command parsers for Gene Set Enrichment Analysis in Python.
4157	Add function 'prerank' argument parsers for running GSEApy Prerank tool on preranked gene list.
4158	Add function 'plot' argument parsers for generating reproductions of GSEA desktop output figures.
4159	Add function 'enrichr' argument parsers for using Enrichr API to perform GO analysis with specified input list, gene sets, organism, description, cut-off, background, and top terms for the plot.
4160	Calculate enrichment score for a gene list
4161	Builds a shuffled ranking matrix for gene expression data based on specified statistical methods and parameters.
4162	Calculate and return rankings for gene expression data using specified correlation or ranking method.
4163	Compute nominal p-value for a given effect size (ES) from a null distribution.
4164	Compute nominal p-values, normalized enrichment scores, and FDR q-values for gene set enrichment analysis.
4165	Return a DataFrame containing names and descriptions of available marts.
4166	Returns available datasets from the selected Ensembl mart.
4167	Returns a DataFrame with attribute names and descriptions from the selected dataset.
4168	Get available filters from a selected dataset and return them as a dataframe with columns "Filter" and "Description".
4169	Query a dataset using BioMart and retrieve specified attributes and filters.
4170	Runs Gene Set Enrichment Analysis on the given data and gene sets.
4171	Run Gene Set Enrichment Analysis with single sample GSEA tool.
4172	Run Gene Set Enrichment Analysis with pre-ranked correlation defined by user.
4173	The function `replot` is the main function to reproduce GSEA desktop outputs.
4174	Sets the number of CPU cores to be used based on the number of processes, ensuring it doesn't exceed the available number of CPU cores and is at least 1.
4175	Filters out gene sets from a GMT file based on the given gene list and specified minimum and maximum sizes.
4176	Fetches and returns a sorted list of active enrichr library names from the specified database using the official API.
4177	Download and save Enrichr library gene sets as a dictionary.
4178	Generates a heatmap data for GSEA by filtering the input DataFrame based on positive and negative phenotypes.
4179	Reformat GSEA results and save to TXT.
4180	Preprocesses a data frame by dropping duplicated gene names, handling missing values, setting gene names as index, selecting numeric columns, and removing genes with a standard deviation of zero.
4181	Parse data files for GSEA, compute statistics, filter gene sets, run GSEA, generate reports and figures, and plot results.
4182	Return the results of a GSEA prerank workflow, including filtering gene sets, computing statistics, generating reports, and plotting results.
4183	Run a Single Sample GSEA workflow with permutation procedure on a dataframe of samples.
4184	Single Sample GSEA workflow using multiprocessing to run SSGSEA for gene expression data and save the results with plotting.
4185	Save raw and normalized enrichment scores to CSV files.
4186	Replot GSEA results using the specified parameters.
4187	Enrichs a gene list with specified gene sets using the Enrichr API and returns an Enrichr object containing the results.
4188	Convert gene sets input file type to a list of dictionaries.
4189	Parse gene list and convert it to a list of genes.
4190	Send a list of genes to an Enrichr server and return the job ID.
4191	This method compares genes in a given list to a gene list returned by the Enrichr API, and logs the number of successfully recognized genes.
4192	Retrieve background genes using a file or a biomart database.
4193	run enrichr for one sample gene list but multi-libraries
4194	Create a cube primitive with optional size, centering, and color.
4195	Create and modify an icosphere mesh based on given radius, diameter, subdivisions, and color.
4196	Create a torus mesh with optional parameters for radius, diameter, segments, and color.
4197	Create a plane with a specified number of vertices on its sides but no vertices on the interior, and optionally transform its vertices.
4198	Create a high-resolution box with customizable segments and apply transformations for a detailed 3D model.
4199	Reads a color name from a file and returns the corresponding red, green, and blue values. If the color name is not found, returns the default values for white (255, 255, 255).
4200	Checks if a variable is a list and is the correct length; if not, adjusts it accordingly.
4201	Makes a variable a list if it is not already, and repeats the single element if necessary.
4202	Write a filter to a FilterScript object or filename.
4203	Apply LS3 Subdivision Surface algorithm using Loop's weights.
4204	Merges together vertices in a mesh that are closer than a specified threshold.
4205	Close holes in a mesh smaller than a given threshold using MeshLab's Close Holes filter.
4206	Split non-manifold vertices until it becomes two-manifold.
4207	Snap together adjacent borders that are slightly mismatched using a FilterScript object or script filename.
4208	Translates a script by applying a geometric transformation using the specified translation values.
4209	Rotates a script around a specified axis by a given angle using a geometric function.
4210	Scale a 3D geometric script by a given factor.
4211	Change geometric coordinates from Cartesian to cylindrical.
4212	Deform a mesh around a cylindrical surface with optional pitch and taper.
4213	Bends mesh around a cylinder with specified radius, pitch, taper, and angle, applying transformations only within a limited area if specified.
4214	Deforms a mesh along a parametric curve function by calculating tangents, normals, and bee vectors to project the mesh's xy cross-section along the curve.
4215	Transfer vertex colors to a texture and save the filter to a script.
4216	Transfer mesh colors to face colors and write the filter to a script.
4217	Resample a mesh using a uniform volumetric representation and reconstruct it using the marching cube algorithm.
4218	Create a Screened Poisson Surface Reconstruction filter XML file, save it to a script, and optionally add a new layer.
4219	Turn a model into a surface with Voronoi style holes in it.
4220	Select all the faces and/or vertices of the current mesh and write the filter to a script.
4221	Generate an XML string for a filter in MeshLab to select faces by vertex quality and write it to a script file.
4222	Apply a boolean function using muparser to select faces in a mesh.
4223	Create a conditional vertex selection filter for a mesh in MeshLab using a boolean expression defined by the user.
4224	Select all vertices within a cylindrical radius and save the result.
4225	Select all vertices within a spherical radius centered at a given point.
4226	Flatten all or only the visible layers into a single new mesh, with optional merging of vertices and deletion of layers.
4227	Rename a layer label in a MeshLab filter script.
4228	Change the current layer by specifying the new layer number.
4229	Duplicate a layer and save the filter to a script object or file.
4230	Delete all layers below the specified one in a MeshLab script.
4231	Ask the user what to do when a program encounters an error and return whether to break out of the loop.
4232	Creates a new mlx script, processes STL files, and manages layers.
4233	Adds a new mesh layer to the stack and optionally changes to it.
4234	Deletes a mesh layer at the specified layer_num and adjusts the current layer if necessary.
4235	Save the filter script to an mlx file.
4236	Run a script, handle input and output files, execute meshlabserver, and parse its output.
4237	Create a 3D shield model with a star-shaped front and deform it into a spherical shape using MeshLab.
4238	Computes the Hausdorff Distance between two meshes, sampling one and finding the closest point on the other for each sample, and optionally saves the used samples.
4239	Generate a new layer with points sampled according to a Poisson-disk distribution.
4240	Sample a given number of mesh elements and add them to the meshlab layer stack.
4241	Create a new layer with subsampled vertices from the current mesh using a gridded cell strategy, and apply a filter to the selected subset of the mesh if specified.
4242	Generates and writes XML code for a flat plane parameterization filter to a script.
4243	Write a Trivial Per-Triangle filter script with specified parameters.
4244	Create a Voronoi Atlas parameterization filter and save it to a script file.
4245	Compute and store topological measures of a mesh in a script.
4246	Parse the ml_log file generated by the measure_topology function and return a dictionary containing various topological properties of the mesh.
4247	Parse the meshLab log file generated by the hausdorff_distance function and return a dictionary with the calculated hausdorff distances and number of points in the mesh.
4248	Generate a new RGBA color for every vertex using the muparser library based on input functions or a predefined color name.
4249	Write a filter for coloring a mesh based on the geodesic distance from a set of seed points.
4250	Color mesh vertices in a repeating sinusoidal rainbow pattern based on the specified parameters.
4251	Converts the atan2 function into a muparser expression.
4252	Computes the cross product of two 3x1 vectors using the muparser library.
4253	Multiplies vector by scalar
4254	Add a new Per-Vertex scalar attribute to the current mesh and fill it with the defined function.
4255	Invert faces orientation of a mesh, flipping the normals of the mesh.
4256	Compute normals for point sets and save filter script.
4257	Write a filterXML to the given FilterScript or file which performs a taubin smoothing on the mesh with given parameters for a certain number of iterations.
4258	A laplacian smooth that is constrained to move vertices only along the view direction.
4259	Does not return anything
4260	Measures the mesh topology and returns a dictionary with various topological properties.
4261	Measures mesh geometry, aabb, and topology.
4262	Measure a dimension of a meshparallel to the specified axis with given offsets.
4263	Ensure a filename's extension is in lowercase while keeping the rest of the filename unchanged.
4264	a function that patches a Flask app's request class to reject uploaded files larger than a specified size.
4265	This function extracts the configuration for a single upload set from the given application, using the provided defaults if necessary.
4266	This function configures Flask upload settings by iterating through provided upload sets, retrieving their configuration, and storing it on the app. It also registers an uploads module if needed to serve the configured upload sets.
4267	Retrieves the current configuration, defaulting to a global `UploadConfiguration` if not set in the application context.
4268	Function to get the URL a file uploaded to this set would be accessed at.
4269	Return the absolute path of a file in an upload set, optionally within a specified subfolder.
4270	Determine if a specific file extension is allowed based on configuration settings.
4271	Returns a new basename for a file to resolve a conflict by appending a unique suffix if a file with the selected name already exists in the target folder.
4272	Returns the version specified in the given filename.
4273	Remove duplicates from a list of objects while preserving order.
4274	Calculate the difference in object counts between two collections of Python objects
4275	Format and sort object counts based on their types and occurrences.
4276	Checks memory usage of specific lines in specified modules when the 'line' event occurs.
4277	Processes memory usage events and returns a list of processed events.
4278	Returns the count of objects considered a profiler overhead, including hardcoded objects and references to __dict__ and the current module.
4279	This method calculates the memory overhead by subtracting the initial RSS size from the current RSS size using the process memory information.
4280	The function returns memory usage and execution time statistics for the given package.
4281	Returns memory stats for a module by profiling its execution.
4282	Returns memory stats and the result of a function execution.
4283	Collects memory stats for specified Python program and returns a dictionary with object count, code events, total events, timestamp, and result.
4284	Returns module filenames from a Python package.
4285	Run the provided function in a separate process and capture any exceptions.
4286	Determine the type of a run object, whether it's a function, package, or module.
4287	Initializes profiler with a module and sets up necessary environment variables.
4288	Initializes profiler with a package and sets up run object and arguments.
4289	Initializes profiler with a function and sets up run object details.
4290	Replaces sys.argv with proper args to pass to script.
4291	Collects the current stack trace and adds it to a statistics dictionary, then resets the profiling timer.
4292	Inserts a call stack into a call tree and updates the sample count for each function in the stack.
4293	Counts and fills the sample counts inside a call tree.
4294	UI call tree formatter
4295	Returns the call tree formatted with sample counts.
4296	Returns a dictionary containing statistics about the execution of a package, including the call tree, total samples, and run time.
4297	Runs statistical profiler on a module.
4298	Statistical profiling results of a function execution.
4299	Sort collected stats based on percentage for UI display.
4300	Runs cProfile on a package and returns the call stats, total time, primitive and total calls, and timestamp.
4301	Runs cProfile on a module and returns the results as a dictionary.
4302	Runs cProfile on a function and returns profiling statistics along with the function's result.
4303	Initializes the database by connecting to it, executing a schema script, and committing the changes.
4304	Return all existing guestbook records in the database.
4305	Adds a single guestbook record to the database and redirects to the homepage.
4306	The `profiler_handler` function processes a URI request and routes it to different handler functions based on the URI, either 'main' or 'add', and then redirects to the root path.
4307	Starts an HTTP server with specified parameters and handles browser redirection.
4308	Generates the content of the index.html page.
4309	Handles static file requests by reading the file content and determining the MIME type.
4310	Handles HTTP GET requests by retrieving the corresponding handler from a URI map, compressing the response content using gzip, and then sending the response with appropriate headers and compressed content length.
4311	Handles HTTP POST requests to receive compressed JSON data, updates profiling information, and sends a 200 response with the same compressed JSON data.
4312	Sends HTTP response including code, message, and optional headers.
4313	Determines if a module path belongs to the standard library or installed modules.
4314	Records and calculates the execution time of lines during program execution.
4315	Return lines of code that are not from the standard library
4316	Fills code heatmap and execution count dictionaries.
4317	Skips lines in src_code specified by skip map.
4318	Calculates a heatmap for a package by running the code and analyzing its execution.
4319	Formats heatmap data for UI display, including file source code with skipped lines, execution count, and total runtime.
4320	Calculates and returns a heatmap for a module, including execution time and formatted heatmaps for individual files.
4321	Calculates and returns a heatmap for a given function, including runtime, execution count, and source code lines.
4322	Run profilers on a given object based on a configuration string and return an ordered dictionary of collected stats.
4323	Runs profilers on a function and sends collected data to a remote host.
4324	Return probability estimates for each class in the models for each RDD block.
4325	Estimate the log-probability for each class for X.
4326	Updates the Gaussian Naive Bayes model parameters by averaging the parameters from the partial fits of the input data.
4327	Create a sparse matrix representation of a bag-of-words model from a list of analyzed documents and a pre-defined vocabulary.
4328	Sort features by name and return a reordered matrix while modifying the vocabulary in place.
4329	Remove too rare or too common features, modifying the vocabulary and restricting it to at most the limit most frequent.
4330	Transforms raw documents into a term-document matrix while learning the vocabulary dictionary.
4331	Transforms documents into a document-term matrix using the vocabulary fitted with `fit` or provided to the constructor.
4332	Converts the object to an equivalent StandardScaler with the same parameters and attributes.
4333	Wraps a Scikit-learn Linear model's fit method to use with RDD input and computes the average model from the distributed data.
4334	Wraps a Scikit-learn Linear model's predict method to use with RDD input.
4335	Fit linear model to training data.
4336	Transforms input data using a series of steps and then fits the final estimator to the transformed data.
4337	Fit all the transforms in a pipeline, then transform the data using the final estimator.
4338	Applies transforms to the data and returns the score from the final estimator.
4339	Performs a grid search over parameters for a given estimator and finds the best parameters based on cross-validation scores.
4340	Compute the score of an estimator on a given test set.
4341	Computes k-means clustering on input data and returns self.
4342	Predict the closest cluster for each sample in X.
4343	Distributedly predicts class labels for input samples using a Spark-based method.
4344	Checks if the data type of the blocks in the RDD matches the expected type(s).
4345	Learn and map feature names to indices from a DictRDD or a similar structure.
4346	Computes the empirical variances from input data and raises a ValueError if no feature meets the variance threshold.
4347	Transforms input data using LSI model and reduces its dimensionality.
4348	Perform dimensionality reduction on input data using Spark Truncated SVD.
4349	Pack an iterator with a specific collection constructor, optionally limiting the size of each block.
4350	Pack an RDD of tuples as tuples of arrays or scipy.sparse matrices, optionally blocking by size.
4351	Blocks an RDD into either numpy arrays, scipy sparse matrices, or pandas data frames.
4352	Transforms the dataset by applying a function and optionally changing the data type.
4353	Return the shape of the data.
4354	Converts an RDD of partitioned data into a single NumPy array.
4355	Transform a column or columns in a DictRDD using a specified function and return the modified DictRDD.
4356	Returns a permission mask value based on the given os.stat_result object and permission/position.
4357	Check if a file is only writable by root
4358	Checks if a configuration file is correct and prints a success message.
4359	Parses and validates the config file, raising an exception if invalid.
4360	Return the arguments needed to execute a command as a specific user in a given shell.
4361	Execute command on thread with timeout and handle errors
4362	Executes a command on a remote machine using SSH.
4363	Ensures the configuration data is valid and processes the 'content-type' and 'body' fields accordingly.
4364	Return HTTP headers with defaults updated by data.
4365	Return the value of "data" from self.data,, handling dictionaries by converting them to JSON.
4366	Returns a URL for Home Assistant, appending the event path if available, otherwise raises an error.
4367	Returns the IFTTT Webhook url based on the device configuration.
4368	Retrieve the source MAC address from a Scapy packet, provide additional information if the device is from Amazon.
4369	Scandevice callback. Register src mac to avoid src repetition. Print device on screen if not already registered.
4370	Print help and scan devices on screen.
4371	Executes a device, handles exceptions, and sends confirmations based on the execution result.
4372	Send a success or error message to a configured confirmation handler, personalizing the message based on the success status.
4373	Handler for button press - performs delayed action.
4374	Executes a device in a new thread after ensuring the source is lowercase.
4375	Starts daemon mode and scans devices.
4376	Convert an OFX Transaction to a posting
4377	Find the path of the main ledger file using the `ledgerrcpath` parameter or environment variable, or return `None` if it cannot be found.
4378	Install the development dependencies, the specified library, and run the unit tests.
4379	Transform README.md into a usable long description by replacing relative references to svg images with absolute https references.
4380	Returns a PrecalculatedTextMeasurer object initialized with data from a JSON stream.
4381	Returns a reasonable default PrecalculatedTextMeasurer, loading it from a cached resource if available or raising an error if not found.
4382	Generate an SVG image badge with customizable left and right text, colors, links, and logos.
4383	Generate the characters supported by the font at the given path.
4384	Generates a subset of characters that can be encoded by at least one of the provided encodings.
4385	Returns a mapping between each given character and its length in pixels determined by the provided TextMeasurer.
4386	Write the data required by PrecalculatedTextMeasurer to a stream in JSON format.
4387	Convolve 2D image with Gaussian kernel.
4388	Generate a 1D Gaussian kernel and normalize it.
4389	Convert a PIL image to a numpy grayscale array and numpy alpha array.
4390	Compares an image with a list of images using the SSIM metric.
4391	Compute the Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) value between the reference image and the target image.
4392	Computes Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) between two images using a given Gaussian kernel.
4393	Correctly destroys SyncObj by stopping autoTickThread and closing connections.
4394	Switches to a new code version on all cluster nodes and calls a callback function on success or failure.
4395	Dumps various debug information about a cluster into a dictionary and returns it.
4396	Dumps debug information about the cluster to the default logger.
4397	This method is used to find the node to which a given connection object belongs by iterating over the `_connections` dictionary.
4398	Bind the server unless it is already bound, this is a read-only node, or the last attempt was too recently.
4399	Handle a new incoming connection by adding it to a list, setting up an encryptor if available, and registering callback functions for message reception and disconnection.
4400	Base method for handling incoming messages and processing connection setup.
4401	Helper method for handling utility messages and sending results or errors.
4402	Check whether a node should initiate a connection to another node based on its type, address, and a list of nodes to prevent connection with.
4403	Connect to a node if necessary, considering connection state and retry time.
4404	It handles new connections by encrypting messages or informing the other node of this node's address.
4405	Process an outgoing message on a new connection and set the random key if encryption is enabled.
4406	Callback for when a connection is terminated or considered dead. Initiates a reconnect if necessary.
4407	Add a node to the network and establish a TCP connection if necessary.
4408	Drop a node from the network and disconnect the associated connection.
4409	Attempts to send a message to a node if the connection is active, returns False if the connection is lost before or after sending.
4410	Destroy this transport by clearing callbacks, dropping nodes, unbinding the server, and disconnecting unknown connections.
4411	Put an item into the queue, return True if successful, False if queue is full.
4412	Adds an item to the queue if it is not full and returns True, otherwise returns False.
4413	Extracts the smallest item from the queue or returns the default value if the queue is empty.
4414	Attempts to acquire a lock with optional synchronization, callback, and timeout.
4415	Check if lock is acquired by ourselves.
4416	Release a previously-acquired lock with options for synchronous operation, callback execution, and timeout.
4417	Wrap a check function and return an error response if it fails.
4418	Checks if a valid token is provided in the `Authorization` header or as a GET parameter, and returns a `403 Forbidden` response if not.
4419	Sets the Elasticsearch hosts and connection parameters including SSL settings.
4420	Create Elasticsearch indexes.
4421	Updates index mappings for given aggregate and forensic indexes.
4422	Duplicates org_name, org_email, and report_id from report_metadata into the JSON root and removes the report_metadata key.
4423	Saves a list of aggregate DMARC reports to a Kafka topic after processing each report to include necessary metadata and handling potential Kafka errors.
4424	Returns the extracted XML from a zip, gzip, or xml file
4425	Extracts and parses XML data from a file, file-like object, or bytes as an aggregate DMARC report, returning it as an OrderedDict, with optional parameters for nameservers, DNS timeout, and parallel processing.
4426	Converts one or more parsed forensic reports to flat CSV format, including headers.
4427	Parses a DMARC aggregate or forensic file and returns the parsed results as an OrderedDict.
4428	Returns a list of an IMAP server's capabilities.
4429	Saves parsed results, including reports and samples, in specified or default output directory in JSON and CSV formats.
4430	Create a zip file of parsed report output.
4431	Sends an email with parsing results attached as a zip file.
4432	Saves aggregate DMARC reports to Splunk.
4433	Saves forensic DMARC reports to Splunk using a HTTP POST request.
4434	Decodes a base64 string, with padding being optional.
4435	Get the base domain name for the given domain using a list of public domain suffixes.
4436	Executes reverse DNS queries on the given IP address to determine its associated hostname.
4437	Convert a human-readable timestamp into a Python `DateTime` object, optionally converting it to UTC.
4438	Retrieve ISO country code for a given IPv4 or IPv6 address using the MaxMind Geolite2 Country database.
4439	Returns reverse DNS and country information for the given IP address.
4440	Convert an Outlook MSG file to standard RFC 822 format using the ``msgconvert`` Perl utility.
4441	Converts a comma-separated string to a list.
4442	Parses a report file and returns the parsed results or an error message with the file path.
4443	Drain the connection, subscriptions, and publishers.
4444	Sends a PUB command to the server on the specified subject with the given payload after checking the connection state and payload size.
4445	Publish a message with a reply subscription and ensure the payload size does not exceed the maximum allowed.
4446	Sends a PUB command with the given subject, reply, payload, and payload size to the NATS server, updating statistics and flushing the queue as needed.
4447	Sets the subscription to use a task per message to be processed.
4448	Removes a subscription from the client.
4449	Sends a ping to the server to ensure what has been written has made it there and measures roundtrip time, raising an error if a pong is not received within the allowed timeout.
4450	Attempts to connect to the next available server in the pool, retries if unsuccessful, and handles errors.
4451	Process a raw error message, check for specific error types, update internal state accordingly, and close the connection.
4452	processes errors during protocol reading/parsing; attempts reconnection if allowed, otherwise disconnects
4453	This method generates a JSON string with parameters to be used when sending a CONNECT message to a server.
4454	Handle PONG response by resolving the corresponding future and updating counters.
4455	Process a MSG sent by the server, update statistics, handle subscriptions, and manage message queues.
4456	Process INFO lines sent by the server to reconfigure client with latest updates from cluster to enable server discovery.
4457	Process INFO received from the server, authenticate with the server, and set up reading and ping interval tasks.
4458	Continuously consumes pending commands and flushes them to the socket.
4459	Coroutine which reads bytes from the server and feeds them to the protocol parser, stopping and rescheduling in case of errors.
4460	Compute and save coactivation map given input image as seed.
4461	Decodes a set of images using specified methods and saves the results to a CSV file if desired.
4462	Load feature data from a 2D ndarray on disk into the class attributes `feature_images` and `feature_names`.
4463	Load feature image data from image files and store the feature names and images.
4464	Compute the correlation between each input image and each feature image across voxels
4465	Compute the dot product of transposed input images and feature images.
4466	Function implements various kinds of feature selection based on the value of feat_select parameter.
4467	Retrieve studies associated with each Nifti mask based on activation threshold, optionally remove overlap, filter by studies and features, and return studies by feature matrix (X) and class labels (y).
4468	Returns the list of indices representing the order of requested features in the dataset.
4469	Classify regions in a dataset using specified masks and method.
4470	Run a classification algorithm using scikit-learn with various options for cross-validation, regularization, and feature selection, and return either a simple score, detailed summary, or the classifier object itself.
4471	Fits X to outcomes y, using clf
4472	Sets the class weight of the classifier based on the target labels provided.
4473	Fits a machine learning model to data using cross-validation and calculates the cross-validated score.
4474	Given a dataset, fits either features or voxels to y using a classifier.
4475	Computes the proportion of active voxels within each region in a given dataset.
4476	Selects a random subset of voxels from a dataset and returns their mappable data.
4477	Returns the top forty words for each topic in a trained topic model.
4478	Calculates the Pearson correlation coefficient between a row vector x and each row vector in a 2D array y.
4479	Determines the False Discovery Rate (FDR) threshold for a given array of p-values and a desired FDR level.
4480	Load activation data from a text file and transform it to the target space if necessary.
4481	Creates a new ImageTable instance based on the current dataset, optionally with a specified smoothing kernel radius.
4482	Get IDs or data for studies that meet specific criteria by applying various selection methods based on features, expression, mask, or peaks, and return them in the specified format.
4483	Adds features to the feature table.
4484	Returns names of features, either all or in a specific order if provided.
4485	Return a dictionary with feature names as keys and counts of studies tagged with the feature as values.
4486	Loaded a pickled Dataset instance from file.
4487	Pickles a dataset instance to a file.
4488	Slices and returns a subset of image data based on specified study ids and voxel indices, converting the result to a dense or sparse array as requested.
4489	Slices and returns a subset of feature data based on optional study IDs and feature names, converting the result to a dense DataFrame if specified.
4490	Return a list of features in the order they appear in the database.
4491	Returns a list of study names that meet the desired feature-based criteria.
4492	Returns all features that match any of the elements in the input list.
4493	Parse a PEG expression and return study IDs.
4494	Convert FeatureTable to SciPy CSR matrix.
4495	Decorator used to mark functions as deprecated. It will result in a warning being emitted when the function is called. If a message is provided, it will use that message; otherwise, it will use a generic deprecation message.
4496	Converts coordinates from one space to another using a provided transformation matrix.
4497	Convert an N x 3 array of XYZ coordinates to matrix indices.
4498	Apply a named transformation to a set of foci, or return the foci untransformed if the named transformation doesn't exist.
4499	Mask out all invalid voxels in an image and return a 1D NumPy array of in-mask voxels.
4500	Returns a binary mask of specified layers by taking their element-wise conjunction, optionally including a global mask and outputting as a vector or image.
4501	Load multiple images from file into an ndarray.
4502	Save a vectorized image to file with appropriate header adjustments.
4503	Sets the logging level for neurosynth based on the provided level or the environment variable NEUROSYNTH_LOGLEVEL.
4504	Expands the given address into one or more normalized strings using various expansion options.
4505	Normalizes a string, tokenizes it, and normalizes each token with specified options, optionally removing parentheticals.
4506	Parses an address into its components using the specified language and country codes.
4507	Calculate and return hashes for near-duplicate address records based on specified component labels and values, with optional language and specific location components included in the hashing process.
4508	Converts a python dictionary to a memory-efficient namedtuple.
4509	Retrieves the latest EOD composite price for a stock ticker, or a range of prices based on start and end dates, in either CSV or JSON format.
4510	Method for retrieving historical stock price data and returning it as a pandas DataFrame.
4511	Fetches bulk news data in JSON or object format.
4512	HTTP request maker.
4513	Method to get the application bearer token using client_id and client_secret.
4514	Makes an HTTP request to the Spotify API with the current bearer credentials, handling retries and rate limiting.
4515	Retrieve an album's tracks by its Spotify ID, with optional parameters for limit, offset, and market.
4516	Get a Spotify artist by their ID
4517	Get an artists tracks by their ID.
4518	HTTP GET operation to retrieve an artist's top tracks based on their Spotify ID and country.
4519	Get related artists for an artist by their ID.
4520	Returns a list of Spotify artists by their IDs.
4521	Get a single category used to tag items in Spotify.
4522	Get a list of Spotify playlists tagged with a particular category.
4523	Get a list of categories used to tag items in Spotify.
4524	HTTP GET operation to retrieve a list of Spotify featured playlists.
4525	Get a list of new album releases featured in Spotify with optional parameters for country, limit, and offset.
4526	A function that takes in seed artists, genres, and tracks, and returns a list of recommended tracks based on these inputs.
4527	Check to see if the current user is following one or more artists or other Spotify users.
4528	Get the albums of a Spotify artist with optional parameters for limit, offset, include_groups, and market.
4529	Loads all of the artist's albums, handling pagination based on the total number of albums.
4530	This interface is used to get the total number of tracks in an album, optionally filtering by market.
4531	Get Spotify catalog information about artists similar to a given artist.
4532	Get the user's currently playing track and its context.
4533	Get information about the user's current playback and return a player object.
4534	Get information about the user's available devices.
4535	Get tracks from the current user's recently played playlist history.
4536	Replace all tracks in a playlist with new tracks.
4537	This interface is used to reorder tracks in a playlist.
4538	Creates a playlist for a Spotify user with the specified name, public/private status, collaboration status, and description.
4539	Get the users playlists from Spotify with optional limit and offset.
4540	Get a list of tracks from a Spotify album.
4541	Return the developer documentation for the specified function.
4542	Generate an OAuth2 URL for user authentication.
4543	Retrieve an album from a Spotify ID.
4544	Retrive an artist with a spotify ID.
4545	Retrive an track with a spotify ID.
4546	Retrive an user with a spotify ID.
4547	Retrieves multiple albums using a list of Spotify IDs and an optional market code.
4548	Retrieve multiple artists with a list of Spotify IDs.
4549	Returns the search results from Spotify based on the provided query and optional parameters.
4550	Return the Spotify ID from a URI or open.spotify URL.
4551	Decorator to assert an object has an attribute and raise an exception if it doesn't exist.
4552	Construct an OAuth2 object from a `spotify.Client`.
4553	Construct a OAuth2 URL with the specified parameters.
4554	Constructs a dictionary of URL parameters for authorization.
4555	Method joins URL parameters into a string.
4556	Constructs a list of Track objects from partial track data.
4557	Fetches all playlist tracks from a playlist by making multiple API requests until all tracks are retrieved.
4558	Resumes playback on the user's account on a specified device or the currently active device if not specified.
4559	Transfer playback to a new device and ensure playback starts if specified.
4560	Fetch the full object from Spotify using the `href` attribute.
4561	Determines the status of a domain or IPv4 based on validation and returns a corresponding status code or boolean.
4562	Convert a given month into a unified format by mapping common representations to a standardized key.
4563	Read the code in the `PyFunceble` and `tests` directories and update all links.
4564	Checks if the current version is greater than the older one.
4565	Checks if the current Git branch is `dev`.
4566	Check if the current version number of a feature requires it to be deprecated according to the version numbers specified in a YAML file.
4567	Backup the current execution state, including tested, up, down, and invalid counts, along with any additional content stored in `self.backup_content`.
4568	Restore data from the given path.
4569	Checks if a given line should be ignored based on a list of regex patterns.
4570	Process the options to extract and filter domains based on whether the instance is aggressive or not.
4571	Function to extract the base of a given element, which could be a URL or a list of URLs.
4572	Formats extracted adblock lines and returns a list of valid domains or IP addresses.
4573	Retrieves the HTTP code status from a given URL or constructed URL.
4574	Returns the HTTP code status if extraction is active, otherwise returns None.
4575	Check if the given domain has a valid syntax and return its validity as a boolean. If the domain is empty or not a string, return None.
4576	Check if a given domain is a subdomain.
4577	A function that checks the syntax of an IPv4 address and returns a boolean indicating whether it is valid or not.
4578	The function checks if the given IP address is a valid IP range and returns a boolean value accordingly. If the input is empty or not a string, it returns None.
4579	Check the syntax of the given URL and return its validity, return None if the URL is empty or not a string.
4580	Load the configuration based on the given parameters, potentially updating with custom values and initializing directory structures if not under test.
4581	Print a friendly message with options to share on Twitter and provide feedback on GitHub if not in quiet mode.
4582	Check if the given information is a URL, and if so, download and update the location of the file to test.
4583	Manages the loading of the URL system.
4584	Decide whether to print the header and the type of header to print based on the configuration.
4585	Manages file processing, updates database, handles auto-save, auto-continue, and resets counters based on file status.
4586	manages the case to test a domain, formats it, and returns the status if given.
4587	Manages testing a given URL or the last URL from a file, sets the testing status, and returns the URL and its status if a URL to test is provided; otherwise, returns None.
4588	Prints a colored logo of PyFunceble based on global results and whether it is the initial print.
4589	Formats the extracted domain by removing comments and whitespace, returning the domain to test or an empty string if it's a comment.
4590	Extracts all non-commented lines from a file for testing.
4591	Manage and test domains from a given file path, converting them to IDNA if required and sorting them hierarchically if specified.
4592	Manage the case that we have to test a list of URLs by filtering, removing database entries, and optionally sorting them hierarchically before testing each URL.
4593	Switches the state of a configuration variable or a given boolean variable to its opposite.
4594	Get the status of a domain or IP address while testing, checking its expiration date and returning the appropriate status.
4595	Handle the backend of the given status by generating a status file based on whether the parsed status is valid or invalid, and return the parsed status.
4596	Get the structure we are going to work with, potentially from a file or a Git branch.
4597	Creates the given directory if it does not exist, handling nested directories recursively.
4598	Deletes directories not registered in a structure
4599	Set the paths to the configuration files and return the parsed and default paths as a tuple.
4600	Load the `.PyFunceble.yaml` configuration file into the system, updating the configuration with its content and installing latest iana, public suffix, and directory structure files; if the file is not found, copy the default configuration file and load it.
4601	Downloads the production configuration and installs it in the current directory.
4602	downloads the `iana-domains-db.json` file if it's not already present in the specified directory
4603	Download `public-suffix.json` if not present.
4604	downloads the latest version of `dir_structure_production.json` and saves it to a specified destination
4605	Merge the older configuration into the new one and remove specified keys.
4606	This code function checks for a missing configuration key and prompts the user to merge upstream configuration if the key is missing. If the user decides not to merge, it raises an exception.
4607	Converts a version string into a list of digits and optionally non-digit parts.
4608	Compare the given versions and return True if the local version is less than the upstream version, None if they are equal, and False if the local version is greater.
4609	Check if the current PyFunceble version is a cloned/development version by looking for specific files and directories.
4610	Handles and checks for the existence of configuration indices, initializing them if they don't exist.
4611	Determines the directory path for writing analytics based on the domain's status.
4612	Generates a unified file based on test results, printing either less or more information depending on configuration.
4613	Generates a file based on domain status, updates percentage count, and prints status on screen.
4614	return true if we are not allowed to produce a file based on the given information.
4615	Extract and process the extension from a given line in a public suffix repository, updating the database accordingly.
4616	Load the public suffix database into the system.
4617	Remove all special characters from the input string and return the formatted string.
4618	Sort a domain name hierarchically, moving the top-level domain to the beginning.
4619	Initiate or update the IANA database if it is not already present.
4620	Retrieves the whois server to use based on the given domain extension.
4621	Extracts domain extensions and their referers from a given block of text.
4622	Update the content of the `iana-domains-db` file by checking and saving changes.
4623	Search for and return domains or URLs related to the original URL or domain.
4624	Retrieves mining information from a backup file if enabled, cleaning empty elements and updating the PyFunceble.INTERN dictionary.
4625	Backup the mined information to a JSON file if the mining configuration is enabled.
4626	Add the currently mined information to the mined "database".
4627	Removes the currently tested element from the mining data.
4628	Provide the list of mined domains or URLs to be added to the list queue.
4629	Process the logic and structuration of the mining database and mine data if activated.
4630	Returns the content of the given log file as a dictionary.
4631	Writing content into a file
4632	Logs the WHOIS record if the debug and logs subsystems are activated, updating the content with the current time, domain, record, and referer, and writing it to a file.
4633	Logs the extracted expiration date and shares it with an API if configured.
4634	Logs the case that the referer was not found.
4635	Prints informational comments about PyFunceble and the date of file generation at the top of a file if it doesn't already exist, provided certain conditions are met.
4636	Construct the header of a table using the given data and separators.
4637	Control the generation and printing of headers based on the template and configuration settings.
4638	Constructs an ordered dictionary with data and their respective maximum print sizes based on given lists, ensuring both lists have the same length.
4639	Returns the maximal size of each data to print based on the header.
4640	Colors a string based on its status by wrapping it with ANSI escape codes for background color.
4641	Manage the JSON template and update its content based on the output. If the output file exists, its content is extended and formatted before saving. If the output file does not exist, its content is saved directly. If the output is empty or not correctly formatted, an exception is raised.
4642	handles management and input of data for a table, raising an exception if data is not a list.
4643	Saves the current time to a file, updates execution time data, and calculates total execution time at the end of testing.
4644	Calculate the difference between starting and ending time and return the result as a dictionary with days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
4645	Format the execution time into a human-readable format.
4646	Returns a list of file paths to delete.
4647	Returns a list of database file paths that need to be deleted.
4648	Delete almost all discovered files, optionally including databases, and clean the current directory.
4649	Generate a hash for the contents of a file using the specified algorithm.
4650	Generate a hash for the given data using the specified algorithm.
4651	Return the hash of the given file.
4652	Execute the given command and return the output.
4653	Remove a given key from a given dictionary, handling both list and single key inputs gracefully.
4654	renames keys in a dictionary according to a mapping, with an option to match entire keys or partial key substrings
4655	Merge the content of a dictionary into another dictionary with optional strict list merging.
4656	Write a dictionary to a JSON file.
4657	Save a dictionary to a YAML file.
4658	Function to fix the path of the given path by splitting it and handling different separators.
4659	Write or append data into the given file path, depending on whether the file already exists and the value of the overwrite parameter.
4660	Read a file and return its content as a string.
4661	Sorts a list and removes duplicates while also handling potential TypeError exceptions.
4662	Merges two lists, either in strict mode respecting index positions or in non-strict mode concatenating without considering index positions, and returns the merged list.
4663	Return a list of strings that do not match a given regular expression.
4664	Used to get exploitable result of re.search and returns the match status data or True/False based on the match.
4665	Replaces a matched string with another in the given data.
4666	Count the number of domains for each status.
4667	Calculate the percentage of each status.
4668	Prints the percentages of statuses on the screen and file if configured and if there is at least one tested item.
4669	Validates the given URL by checking if it starts with "http", extracting the base, converting it to IDNA if required, and verifying its validity as a domain or IP. Returns the base, formatted URL, or validity status based on the specified parameters.
4670	Check if the given domain is valid, optionally verifying subdomains.
4671	Checks if the given domain is a valid subdomain.
4672	The provided code determines the syntax status based on the type of input being tested, whether it's a domain, IP, or URL, and returns a valid or invalid status accordingly.
4673	Formats the old inactive database format into the newer format by converting timestamps and merging the data into the current database structure.
4674	Returns the current content of the inactive-db.json file.
4675	Saves the current database state to the inactive-db.json file if the inactive_database configuration is enabled.
4676	Return a timestamp based on whether the database subsystem is active and whether the file being tested has recently been tested within a specified time frame.
4677	Returns the content of the database.
4678	Check if the currently tested element is in the inactive database.
4679	Retrieve the data from the database and merge it into the current PyFunceble.INTERN dictionary if the whois database is authorized and the file exists. If the file does not exist, initiate an empty dictionary.
4680	Backup the database into its file if authorized.
4681	Check if the element is present in the database based on authorization and file path.
4682	return true if the current time is older than the one stored in the database.
4683	Retrieves the expiration date from the database if authorized and the element is in the future.
4684	Process and update a database entry based on authorization, expiration state, and existing data.
4685	Sets permissions for directories and files in a Travis build environment before committing.
4686	Automatically save and commit changes to a git repository under Travis CI.
4687	Implementation of UNIX nslookup to retrieve address information for a given domain or IP.
4688	Implements a WHOIS lookup using a specified WHOIS server, domain, and timeout.
4689	Execute the logic behind URL handling and return the status of the URL.
4690	Return the WHOIS server of the current domain extension.
4691	Returns the current object behind the proxy.
4692	Yields paths to standard modules.
4693	Yield standard module names that do not start with an underscore, contain no hyphens, and have a file extension of 'so', 'py', or 'pyc'.
4694	Yield line numbers of unused imports.
4695	Yield the line number and module name of unused imports from a list of messages.
4696	Yield the line numbers where star import usage is detected.
4697	Iterate through messages and yield line number, undefined name, and its possible origin module if message is an ImportStarUsage.
4698	Yield line numbers of unused variables.
4699	Yields line numbers of duplicate keys in a Python source file where the key-value pairs in dictionaries are repeated.
4700	Convert a list of messages into a dictionary mapping keys to lists of messages.
4701	Checks source code for syntax errors using pyflakes and returns the messages.
4702	Return the package name from an import statement.
4703	Check if an import statement spans multiple lines.
4704	Return True if the given line is part of a multiline statement, which is when it contains certain symbols or if the previous line ends with a backslash.
4705	Parse and filter import statements to remove unused modules, returning a line without the unused imports or 'pass' if all imports are unused.
4706	Return line with imports on separate lines, sorted and properly indented.
4707	Filter and remove unused imports, variables, and duplicate keys from code.
4708	Provides a dictionary mapping line numbers to messages.
4709	Replace the '*' in the line with a comma-separated list of undefined names.
4710	Filter out duplicate lines based on their occurrence in the code.
4711	Helper function that checks if a given line contains a dictionary entry with the specified key.
4712	Determines if the given value is a literal, name, or a simple data structure representation.
4713	Yield line numbers of unneeded "pass" statements in the given source code.
4714	Remove useless "pass" lines from source code.
4715	Return leading whitespace.
4716	Return the line ending of a given line.
4717	Transforms the input source code by applying various filtering options such as removing unused imports, duplicate keys, and unused variables, and returns the cleaned code.
4718	Return a set of stripped strings split from a comma-separated string.
4719	Check if a file is a valid Python file based on its extension and shebang line.
4720	Return True if file name matches an exclude pattern.
4721	Yields filenames, optionally recursively and while excluding certain files or directories.
4722	Parse command-line arguments and attempt to format specified files, returning an error code based on whether changes were made or if there were any IO errors.
4723	Reads the data encoding the ObtainLease response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4724	Writes the data encoding the ObtainLease response payload to a stream.
4725	Write the data encoding the Cancel request payload to a stream.
4726	Reads and decodes a Cancel response payload from the given input stream and populates the object's attributes with the decoded values.
4727	Parses and validates input values and types to create a Name object.
4728	Read the data encoding the Digest object and decode it into its constituent parts
4729	Write the data encoding the Digest object to a stream.
4730	Constructs a Digest object from provided hash algorithm, digest value, and key format type.
4731	Read the data encoding the ApplicationSpecificInformation object and decode it into its constituent parts.
4732	Encode the ApplicationSpecificInformation object to a stream.
4733	Construct an ApplicationSpecificInformation object from provided data and namespace values.
4734	Reads and decodes the data encoding the DerivationParameters struct from an input stream into its constituent parts.
4735	Writing a stream of data encoding the DerivationParameters struct to a specified output stream.
4736	Reads the data encoding the Get request payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4737	Encode the Get request payload and write it to a stream.
4738	Reads a data stream containing encoded Get response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts, raising a ValueError if required fields are missing.
4739	Write the data encoding the Get response payload to a stream.
4740	Reads and decodes a SignatureVerify request payload from an input stream using a specified KMIP version and populates the object's attributes based on the decoded data.
4741	Writes the data encoding the SignatureVerify request payload to a stream.
4742	Reads and decodes the SignatureVerify response payload from an input stream, parsing its constituent parts and handling missing fields with errors.
4743	Process a KMIP request message, validate it, handle errors, and process the batch items to return a response message.
4744	Build a simple ResponseMessage with a single error result.
4745	Given a kmip.core TemplateAttribute object, extract the attribute value data into a usable dictionary format while handling multivalued attributes and ensuring valid indices.
4746	Returns a list of attributes retrieved from a managed object based on a list of attribute names.
4747	Retrieve the attribute value from a KMIP pie managed object based on a given attribute name.
4748	Sets attributes on a managed object if the attributes are applicable to the object's type.
4749	Sets the value of a specified attribute on a_kmip.pie managed object, handling multi-valued attributes and raising exceptions for unsupported attributes or attempts to overwrite existing values.
4750	Determine if object access is allowed for the provided policy and session settings.
4751	Writes the data encoding the Decrypt request payload to a stream.
4752	Create a secret object of the specified type with the given value.
4753	Sets a specific configuration setting and raises an error if the setting is not supported or if the value is invalid.
4754	Load configuration settings from a file and overwrite current settings, raising an error if the file does not exist or if a setting value is invalid.
4755	_Returns the integer value of the usage mask bitmask._
4756	Converts an integer value into a list of CryptographicUsageMask enums.
4757	Read the encoding of a LongInteger from an input stream.
4758	Write the encoding of a LongInteger to an output stream in a specified KMIP version.
4759	Verify that the value of the LongInteger is valid and raise appropriate exceptions if it is not.
4760	Read the encoding of a BigInteger from an input stream and decode it into a Python integer value, handling negative values using two's complement.
4761	Convert a BigInteger value to a binary string, pad it if necessary, and then encode it as a hexadecimal string to be written to an output stream.
4762	Verify that the value of the BigInteger is valid, raising a TypeError if it is not an integer or long type.
4763	Verify the value of the Enumeration is valid and raise appropriate errors if not.
4764	Read the value of the Boolean object from the input stream and set it to True or False based on the read value.
4765	Writes the value of a Boolean object to an output stream using the KMIP protocol version.
4766	Writes the encoding of the Boolean object to the output stream.
4767	Checks if the value of a Boolean object is valid and raises a TypeError if it is not.
4768	Read the encoding of an Interval object from an input stream and decode its value and padding bytes.
4769	Verify that the value of the Interval is valid, raising exceptions if it's not an integer or if it's outside the acceptable range.
4770	Retrieve all of the relevant key wrapping data fields and return them as a dictionary.
4771	Set the key wrapping data attributes using a dictionary.
4772	Verify that the contents of the PublicKey object are valid.
4773	Verify the types of SecretData attributes and raise a TypeError if any are invalid.
4774	Verify that the contents of the OpaqueObject are valid.
4775	Converts an attribute name string into the corresponding attribute tag
4776	Converts an attribute tag into the corresponding attribute name string.
4777	A utility function that computes a bit mask from a collection of enumeration values and returns the composite bit mask.
4778	Create a list of enumeration values from a bit mask for a specific enumeration class.
4779	A utility function that checks if a given value is a composite bit mask of enumeration values in a specified enumeration class.
4780	Read the CreateKeyPair request payload, decode it, and extract the necessary components based on the KMIP version.
4781	Encode the CreateKeyPair request payload data to a buffer based on the specified KMIP version.
4782	Reads the data encoding the CreateKeyPair response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4783	Method for encoding the CreateKeyPair response payload into a buffer, supporting optional KMIP versioning and raising exceptions for missing fields.
4784	Reads and decodes the GetAttributeList request payload into its constituent parts.
4785	Encode the GetAttributeList request payload data to a stream.
4786	Reads and decodes the GetAttributeList response payload into its constituent parts.
4787	Method for writing data encoding the GetAttributeList response payload to a stream.
4788	Scan the provided policy directory for all JSON policy files and return a sorted list of their paths.
4789	Scan the policy directory for policy data and update the policy files, cache, and mapping accordingly.
4790	Starts monitoring operation policy files, either in live mode or one-time scan.
4791	Extract an X.509 certificate from a socket connection.
4792	Given an X.509 certificate, extract and return the extendedKeyUsage extension if it exists, otherwise return None.
4793	Extract and return all common names from an X.509 certificate.
4794	Given an X.509 certificate, extracts and returns the client identity, raising an exception if multiple identities are found or if no identities are defined.
4795	Read and decode the data encoding the Create request payload into its constituent parts.
4796	Method for encoding the Create request payload into a buffer, supporting KMIP 1.0 and 2.0 versions.
4797	Reads a Create response payload from an input buffer and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4798	Write the Create response payload data to a buffer.
4799	Converts a Pie object into a core secret object and vice versa
4800	Reads data from an input stream and decodes it into its constituent parts for an Encrypt response payload.
4801	Reads and decodes a DeriveKey request payload from the input buffer into its constituent parts.
4802	Method for writing a DeriveKey request payload to a stream, including object type, unique identifiers, derivation method, derivation parameters, template attribute, and length.
4803	Check if the attribute is supported by the current KMIP version.
4804	Check if the specified attribute is deprecated based on the KMIP version.
4805	Check if a given attribute is supported by a specified object type, based on predefined ruleset.
4806	Check if the specified attribute is allowed to have multiple instances.
4807	Returns a value that can be used as a parameter in client or server, using a direct value, configuration file option, or default value.
4808	Reads a data stream containing encoded Check response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4809	Encode the Check response payload data to a stream.
4810	Reads and decodes an encoded object containing an AttributeReference structure into its constituent parts, handling vendor identification and attribute name validation based on the provided KMIP version.
4811	Write the AttributeReference structure encoding to the data stream, supporting version 2.0 and higher.
4812	Read the data stream and decode the Attributes structure into its parts, handling specific versions and attributes.
4813	Encode the Attributes structure to a data stream, supporting KMIP 2.0 by default.
4814	Read the data encoding the Nonce struct and decode it into its constituent parts.
4815	Write the data encoding the Nonce struct to a stream.
4816	Reads the data encoding a UsernamePasswordCredential struct and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4817	Write the data encoding the UsernamePasswordCredential struct to a stream.
4818	Reads a data stream containing encoded object data, decodes it into its constituent parts, and populates the fields of the DeviceCredential struct accordingly.
4819	Encode the DeviceCredential struct data to a stream.
4820	Read the data encoding the Credential struct and decode it into its constituent parts from the input stream.
4821	Write the data encoding the Credential struct to a stream.
4822	Reads and decodes the MACSignatureKeyInformation struct from a data stream.
4823	Writes the data encoding the MACSignatureKeyInformation struct to a stream.
4824	Read and decode the KeyWrappingData struct from the provided input stream using the specified KMIP version.
4825	Writes the data encoding a KeyWrappingData struct to a stream.
4826	Reads and decodes the KeyWrappingSpecification struct from an input stream into its constituent parts.
4827	Writes the data encoding the KeyWrappingSpecification struct to a stream.
4828	Read the data encoding the ExtensionInformation object and decode it into its constituent parts.
4829	Encode the ExtensionInformation object's data to a stream using a specified KMIP version.
4830	Constructs an ExtensionInformation object from provided extension values.
4831	Read data encoding the RevocationReason object and decode it into its constituent parts.
4832	Write the data encoding the RevocationReason object to a stream.
4833	Validate the RevocationReason object to ensure that the revocation_code is an instance of RevocationReasonCode and that the revocation_message (if not None) is an instance of TextString.
4834	Read and decode the data encoding the ObjectDefaults structure from the input buffer using the specified KMIP version.
4835	Write the ObjectDefaults structure encoding to the data stream using the specified KMIP version.
4836	Reads and decodes data encoding the DefaultsInformation structure from the input buffer into its constituent parts.
4837	Write the DefaultsInformation structure encoding to the data stream, handling KMIP version compatibility and verifying the presence of object defaults fields.
4838	Decode the RNGParameters structure from a data stream and extract its constituent parts based on the provided KMIP version.
4839	Write the RNGParameters structure encoding to the data stream based on the provided KMIP version.
4840	Reads an encoded ProfileInformation structure from an input buffer and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4841	Encode a ProfileInformation structure to a data stream, validating its components and handling different KMIP versions.
4842	Write the ValidationInformation structure encoding to the data stream with the specified KMIP version.
4843	Decode a data buffer containing encodedCapabilityInformation structure into its constituent parts.
4844	Encode the CapabilityInformation structure to the data stream based on the provided KMIP version.
4845	Stop the server by closing client connections and threads, shutting down the socket handler, and cleaning up the policy monitor.
4846	Handle client connections by spinning off new sessions and set up signal handling to gracefully shutdown the service.
4847	Reads and decodes the data encoding the Locate request payload.
4848	Encode the Locate request payload data into a buffer based on the specified KMIP version.
4849	Reads and decodes the data encoding the Locate response payload into its constituent parts.
4850	Encodes and writes the data of the Locate response payload to a buffer, handling different unique identifiers and KMIP versions.
4851	Generates a symmetric key compliant with a specified cryptographic algorithm and key length.
4852	Create an asymmetric key pair using the specified algorithm and length, and return dictionaries containing the public and private key data.
4853	Generates a message authentication code (MAC) using the specified algorithm, key, and data.
4854	Encrypts data using symmetric or asymmetric encryption, handling various parameters and returning encrypted data along with an IV/nonce if auto-generated.
4855	Encrypts data using symmetric encryption.
4856	Encrypt data using asymmetric encryption.
4857	Decrypts data using an asymmetric decryption algorithm with specified key, padding method, and optionally a hashing algorithm.
4858	Create an RSA key pair and return both the public and private keys in bytes format.
4859	Derives key data using a variety of key derivation functions based on specified parameters.
4860	Instantiates an RSA key from bytes, trying PEM then DER format.
4861	Verifies a message signature using the provided signing key, message, signature, padding method, and optionally the signing and hashing algorithms.
4862	Read data encoding the Sign response payload and decode it, raising a ValueError if the unique_identifier or signature attributes are missing.
4863	Encodes and writes a Sign response payload to a data stream.
4864	Reads data from an input stream and decodes it into the constituent parts of a GetUsageAllocation request payload, handling specific tags and raising errors if necessary.
4865	Convert a ProtocolVersion struct to its KMIPVersion enumeration equivalent. Return None if struct cannot be converted.
4866	Read data from an input stream, decode the ProtocolVersion struct, and validate the major and minor protocol version numbers.
4867	Write the ProtocolVersion struct data to a stream.
4868	Read and decode the data encoding the Authentication struct from an input stream.
4869	Write the Authentication struct's data to a stream.
4870	The method `read` decodes a Poll request payload from an input stream into its constituent parts, handling a KMIP version and managing tags and data lengths.
4871	Reads data encoding the Certificate object and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4872	Encode a Certificate object's data to a stream.
4873	Authenticate a user with the provided credentials and retrieve their user ID and group information from the SLUGS service.
4874	Reads data from an input stream and decodes it into the constituent parts of an Archive response payload.
4875	Write the data encoding the Archive response payload to a stream.
4876	Manages the new client connection, running a message handling loop until the connection is closed or an exception occurs, then shuts down and closes the connection.
4877	Reads and decodes a Rekey response payload from an input stream, handling the unique identifier and template attribute tags if present.
4878	Check if a profile is supported by the client based on the provided conformance clause and authentication suite.
4879	Derives a new key or secret data from an existing managed object and returns the results of the operation.
4880	Send a GetAttributes request to the server to retrieve attributes of a managed object.
4881	Send a GetAttributeList request to the server and get the results.
4882	Send a Query request to the server with optional batch processing and specific query functions.
4883	Signs specified data using a specified signing key and returns a dictionary containing the results of the sign operation.
4884	Opens a client connection and raises an exception if already open or an error occurs.
4885	Closes the client connection and handles any errors that may occur.
4886	This method creates a symmetric key on a KMIP appliance and returns its UUID, handling different input types and validation errors.
4887	Create an asymmetric key pair on a KMIP appliance and return the UIDs of the newly created public and private keys.
4888	Register a managed object with a KMIP appliance and return its UID.
4889	Rekeys an existing key with optional attributes and returns the unique ID of the newly rekeyed key.
4890	Derives a new key or secret data from existing managed objects, handling various parameters and attributes, and raises exceptions for invalid input or failure.
4891	Searches for managed objects based on specified attributes, checks input arguments, and raises exceptions for invalid inputs or operation failures.
4892	Checks the constraints for a managed object and returns the unique identifier if successful, otherwise raises an exception with the failure details.
4893	Retrieves a managed object from a KMIP appliance and returns it.
4894	Get the attributes associated with a managed object in the KMIP appliance.
4895	Activate a managed object stored by a KMIP appliance, handle the result, and raise exceptions if necessary.
4896	This method revokes a managed object stored by a KMIP appliance, checking input parameters and handling the operation result accordingly.
4897	Computes and returns the message authentication code (MAC) for given data using specified parameters and algorithm.
4898	Build a CryptographicParameters struct from a dictionary.
4899	Builds an EncryptionKeyInformation struct from a dictionary.
4900	Builds a MACSignatureKeyInformation struct from a dictionary.
4901	Build a KeyWrappingSpecification struct from a dictionary.
4902	Build a list of common attributes shared across symmetric and asymmetric objects, optionally including an operation policy name.
4903	Build a name attribute and return it in a list for easy use.
4904	Read data encoding the QueryRequestPayload object and decode it into its constituent parts.
4905	Write the data encoding the QueryRequestPayload object to a stream.
4906	Write data encoding the QueryResponsePayload object to a stream based on the specified KMIP version.
4907	Reads the data encoding the GetAttributes response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4908	Method for writing a GetAttributes response payload to a stream.
4909	Find a single entry point for a given group and name, and return its :class:`EntryPoint` object, or raise :exc:`NoSuchEntryPoint` if no match is found.
4910	Find a group of entry points with unique names and return a dictionary of names to EntryPoint objects.
4911	Returns a list of :class:`EntryPoint` objects found in the specified group.
4912	Load the object to which this entry point refers by importing the module and accessing the attribute specified by object_name.
4913	Construct an EntryPoint object from a string representation in entry_points.txt syntax.
4914	Run livereload server.
4915	Generates a new project from a template, copying files and rewriting template-specific content.
4916	Generates a controller including a controller file, test file, and assets directory.
4917	Generates a new action in a controller file and associated assets based on template files.
4918	Generate a form by retrieving the form name from arguments and using a helper function to create the form.
4919	Generates a new model file based on a template, replacing placeholders with provided model name.
4920	Generates a macro with HTML, CSS, and JS files in a specified directory.
4921	Create directory recursively, if directory already exists do nothing.
4922	Replace variables and copy file.
4923	Converts a datetime object to a friendly time string indicating how long ago it occurred.
4924	Checks if the URL has a schema and adds "http://" if it doesn't.
4925	Encode something using a URL-safe serializer with the SECRET_KEY.
4926	Decode something using a secret key.
4927	For use as a decorator, `jsonify` converts the return value of a function into a JSON response with a 200 status code if it's not already a tuple.
4928	Returns an absolute URL for a given endpoint by combining the site domain with the relative URL.
4929	Factory that loads configuration based on the current mode.
4930	Sign in a user and set their session to permanent if specified.
4931	Returns the current user if authenticated, otherwise returns None.
4932	Create a Flask app with various configurations, middleware, and components.
4933	Register jinja filters, variables, and functions for an application.
4934	Register routes from submodules on the given Flask app.
4935	Register HTTP error pages for a Flask application.
4936	Register hooks for the application to track user activity and calculate response times.
4937	Serialize a DataFrame to a CSV file with a specified delimiter and header.
4938	A function to read CSV data from a reader object and return it as a pandas DataFrame, with options for delimiter, header presence, and skipping initial space.
4939	Serialize a dataframe to a file in a specified format.
4940	Convenience method for deserializing a dataframe from a file-like object using a specified serialization format.
4941	Serializing the specified DataFrame and replacing the existing dataset.
4942	Upload already serialized raw data and replace the existing dataset.
4943	Return the full URL to the dataset contents by combining the base URI, location, and access credential from the download location.
4944	Serialize a DataFrame and upload it as a new dataset.
4945	Uploads already serialized raw data as a new dataset.
4946	Open and return a stream for the dataset contents.
4947	Read and return the dataset contents as binary.
4948	Reads and returns the dataset contents as text.
4949	Read and return the dataset contents as a pandas DataFrame.
4950	Get an IntermediateDataset object by specifying node_id, port_name, and data_type_id.
4951	Runs an HTTP GET request to retrieve the list of experiments for a given workspace.
4952	Returns a list of datasets for the specified workspace.
4953	HTTP GET request to retrieve a single dataset.
4954	Publishes a callable function or decorates a function to be published, returning a callable object that can be invoked to run the published service or iterated to retrieve API details.
4955	Helper for marking functions as published and routing their invocations to a remote operationalized service.
4956	Specifies the types for the arguments of a published service.
4957	Decorator that specifies the return type for a published service.
4958	Attaches a file to a function's payload for upload, with options to specify names and contents.
4959	Returns the set of global variable names found in the given code.
4960	Creates a copy of the pen object
4961	Returns RGBA values of a given color, which can be an X11 color or a brewer color set and index.
4962	Draw the shape using the given cairo context, optionally highlighting it and considering a bounding box.
4963	Computes the extremas of a function defined by a cubic Bernstein polynomial.
4964	Evaluate polynomial of given Bernstein coefficients using de Casteljau's algorithm.
4965	Build choices list runtime using 'sitetree_tree' tag
4966	Create compatibility function to get `option_list` after Django 1.10 and Before Django 1.8
4967	Registers a hook callable to process tree items right before they are passed to templates.
4968	A function that returns a dictionary describing a dynamic sitetree structure based on various sources, including application names or iterable tree definitions.
4969	Initialize local cache from Django cache, dropping the cache flag if it has been set by the `.reset()` method.
4970	Empties cached sitetree data and optionally reinitializes.
4971	Returns value from cache entry by its name
4972	Updates a value in a cache entry for a given key.
4973	Replace cache entry parameter data with new data.
4974	Initializes sitetree with a new request's context.
4975	Resolves an internationalized tree alias by checking if a separate sitetree is available for the current language, and returns the appropriate alias.
4976	Returns whether the current application is an admin contrib based on the application name.
4977	Calculate the depth of an item in a tree structure.
4978	Retrieve the current item of a given tree alias by matching the request path against the item URLs, and return it.
4979	Resolves a URL for a given sitetree item, handling both pattern and simple URL cases and caching the result.
4980	Initializes sitetree in memory. Returns tuple with resolved tree alias and items on success. On fail returns (None, None).
4981	Return an arbitrary attribute of a sitetree item resolved as current for current page.
4982	Returns the ancestor of the given item at the specified depth recursively.
4983	Builds and returns menu structure for 'sitetree_menu' tag by processing tree items and applying access and hook checks.
4984	Checks whether a current user has access to a certain item based on authentication status, access types, and permissions.
4985	Builds and returns breadcrumb trail structure for 'sitetree_breadcrumbs' tag.
4986	builds and returns tree structure for 'sitetree_tree' tag
4987	The function builds and returns the site tree item children structure for the 'sitetree_children' tag, rendering a template with the updated context.
4988	Returns the children of an item in a tree.
4989	Updates the 'has_children' attribute for tree items based on their children.
4990	Filters list of sitetree item's children based on hidden status and navigation type.
4991	climbs up the site tree to resolve root item for chosen one
4992	Climbs up the site tree to mark items of the current branch.
4993	The function resolves a given variable name in a specified context, using the current page context as a default if none is provided.
4994	Parses sitetree tag parameters and handles two notation types: two arguments or four arguments, to render tree for a specific site tree using a given template or the default template.
4995	Parses the parameters for rendering child items of a specific site tree using a template for menu navigation.
4996	Parses sitetree_breadcrumbs tag parameters and validates the number of arguments.
4997	Parses sitetree_menu tag parameters and renders a menu based on the specified site tree and branch parameters, with an optional custom template.
4998	The function `render` is used to render a template with given tree items in context, with an optional filter expression for the template name.
4999	Node constructor for tags that checks for a specific preposition and processes the tokens accordingly.
5000	Return a URL for a given Tree admin page type.
5001	Forces re-registration of tree admin class after unregistration.
5002	Fixes compatibility issues with admin redirects introduced in Django 1.4, specifically handling 'delete' and 'history' paths.
5003	Handle different redirect cases based on the POST data in the request.
5004	Redirects to the appropriate items' 'continue' page on item add.
5005	Redirects to the appropriate item's 'add' page on item change, making adjustments to the redirection process for tree items within a tree structure.
5006	Modifies the form for the TreeItem model by replacing the 'parent' field with a custom field and populating it with choices based on the object's parent.
5007	Fetches a Tree for the current or given TreeItem.
5008	Moves an item up or down in a tree structure by swapping its 'sort_order' with a neighboring item.
5009	Saves TreeItem model under certain Tree, handling parent assignment exceptions by preventing an item from being its own parent and updating the item's tree.
5010	Manages and returns the URL patterns for both TreeAdmin and TreeItemAdmin, including handling for prefix changes based on Django version and additional URLs for data export.
5011	Dumps sitetrees with items using django-smuggler.
5012	Dynamically creates and returns a sitetree with specified alias, title, items, and additional arguments.
5013	Dynamically creates and returns a sitetree item object with various properties and access controls.
5014	Imports sitetree module from a given app and returns it if found.
5015	Returns a certain sitetree model as defined in the project settings and raises an error if the model is not installed.
5016	Create a configuration object from a mapping or keyword arguments.
5017	Create a configuration from a Python file.
5018	Load configuration values from a TOML formatted file.
5019	Create a configuration from a Python object by either referencing a module or object within a module, or by passing the object itself.
5020	A function that creates a set of zipkin attributes for a span, including trace ID, span ID, sampling rate, and whether the trace is sampled.
5021	Generate the headers for a new zipkin span with trace information.
5022	Returns the current ZipkinAttrs and generates new ones if needed.
5023	Enter the new span context for logging purposes.
5024	Exit the span context and log the span information.
5025	Updates the binary annotations for the current span or the logging context, depending on whether it is the root span or not.
5026	Adds a 'sa' binary annotation to the current span for situations where the destination doesn't support zipkin.
5027	Overrides the current span name and updates it in the logging context if available.
5028	Creates a new Endpoint object with optional custom parameters and defaults.
5029	Creates a copy of a given endpoint with a new service name
5030	This function constructs and returns a _V1Span object by combining various annotations, including user-defined and automatically generated ones, while filtering out certain annotations based on the span's kind.
5031	Encode a list of protobuf Spans to binary format.
5032	Converts a py_zipkin Span into a protobuf Span.
5033	Converts a hexadecimal ID to a big-endian binary representation, handling cases where the ID exceeds 16 characters by splitting it into two 64-bit segments.
5034	Converts py_zipkin's Kind to Protobuf's Kind.
5035	converts py_zipkin's Endpoint to Protobuf's Endpoint
5036	Converts py_zipkin's annotations dict to protobuf.
5037	Create a zipkin annotation object with the given timestamp, value, and host.
5038	Create a zipkin binary annotation object with the given key, value, annotation type, and host.
5039	Creates a zipkin Endpoint object from given parameters.
5040	Creates a copy of a given zipkin Core endpoint with a new service name.
5041	Reformat annotations dictionary to return a list of corresponding zipkin_core objects.
5042	Reformat binary annotations dict to return list of zipkin_core objects.
5043	Takes attributes for a span and returns a Thrift representation of the span, converting timestamps to microseconds.
5044	This function encodes a Thrift span object into TBinaryProtocol format bytes using TMemoryBuffer and TBinaryProtocol.
5045	Returns a binary object representing the encoded list of Thrift objects.
5046	Detects the version and encoding of a given span message in Python.
5047	Converts encoded spans to a different encoding.
5048	Stores the zipkin attributes to thread local and is deprecated in favor of using the Tracer interface.
5049	Encodes a span to Thrift format.
5050	Converts an Endpoint object to a JSON endpoint dictionary.
5051	Encodes a single span to protobuf.
5052	Decodes an encoded list of spans and returns a list of Span objects.
5053	Converts a thrift decoded endpoint to an Endpoint.
5054	Converts a list of Thrift annotations to a v1 annotation.
5055	Converts a Thrift binary annotation to a v1 binary annotation.
5056	Decodes a thrift span and returns a span builder representing this span.
5057	This interface converts a trace ID and optional high bits to a string in hexadecimal format.
5058	Converts an unsigned long value to a lowercase hex string.
5059	Writes an unsigned long value across a byte array starting at a specified position by dividing the value into bytes and writing each byte using a helper method.
5060	Replace illegal February dates with the last day of February.
5061	Modify a dictionary `tag_dict` by adding a `transaction_code` key based on the value of another key in the same dictionary, split by certain characters and taking the first integer value.
5062	Add an `iph_id` to the `tag_dict` if it exists in the `tag_dict[tag.slug]`.
5063	Extract the TNR (Transaction Reference Number) from the tag dictionary using a regular expression search.
5064	This method parses MT940 data and returns a list of Transaction objects.
5065	Parses MT940 data from a file, string, or file handler and returns a collection of transactions.
5066	Joins multiple lines of a string together and trims whitespace according to the specified strip option.
5067	Removes headers before converting response into a json or text object
5068	Handle and log a rate limit warning with a retry duration.
5069	Handling requests to the API with rate limiting, token authentication, and error handling.
5070	Retrieve and process information for a given bot ID.
5071	Fetch a list of bots from the DBL API with a specified limit and offset, with a maximum limit of 50.
5072	Read an incoming message and decode it.
5073	Write an outgoing message to a file descriptor.
5074	Close the input and output ports.
5075	Decode Erlang external term.
5076	Encodes an Erlang external term into a byte string, optionally compressing it.
5077	Configures a socket to join a multicast group and registers it for listening.
5078	Method checks if there are any pending messages in the queue and processes them one by one, sleeping for a short duration if nothing to do.
5079	Set a callback for handling messages from online services.
5080	Cleans up and stops the discovery server by clearing remote/local services and stopping threads.
5081	Sends "Bye" messages to local services and removes them.
5082	Search for services based on given types and scopes with a specified timeout.
5083	Construct a raw SOAP XML string based on the action specified in a prepared SoapEnvelope object.
5084	Discover systems using WS-Discovery with specified log level and capture settings.
5085	Return the manager that handles the relation from an instance to the tagged_item class.
5086	Return a list of RelatedObject records for child relations of the given model, including ones attached to ancestors of the model.
5087	Return a list of ParentalManyToManyFields on the given model, including ones attached to ancestors of the model
5088	Save the model and commit specific child relations and m2m fields.
5089	Build an instance of a model from a JSON-like structure, recursively handling related objects and foreign key checks as specified.
5090	Method for validating uniqueness of instances in a form set.
5091	Return True if data differs from initial.
5092	Returns the address with a valid checksum attached, along with its balance, key index, and security level.
5093	Generates the correct checksum for the address using Kerl sponge.
5094	Parse the command-line arguments for the Iota API.
5095	Return ArgumentParser configured with specific options for PyOTA v{version}.
5096	Prompts the user to input a seed, encoding it to ASCII if necessary, and returns a Seed object with the input or a randomly generated seed if none is provided.
5097	Returns whether a sequence of signature fragments is valid by verifying the checksum against the given public key.
5098	A function that generates a single key by calling another function `get_keys` with the specified index, count, step, and iterations.
5099	Generates the key associated with the specified address.
5100	Creates a generator for progressively generating new keys with specified start index, step, and security level.
5101	Prepares the hash sponge for the generator by absorbing and squeezing trits.
5102	Absorb a sequence of trits into a sponge, transforming the internal state after each hash.
5103	Squeeze trits from the sponge.
5104	Transforms internal state by iterating over it multiple times and applying a truth table lookup to update each element.
5105	Generates one or more key digests from the seed.
5106	Generate and return a list of private keys based on the input parameters and seed.
5107	Prepares a bundle that authorizes spending IOTAs from a multisig address.
5108	Adds two sequences of trits together, handling overflow.
5109	Convert an integer to its balanced ternary (trit) representation, optionally padding with zeros.
5110	Adds two individual trits together, returning a single trit result.
5111	Adds two trits together, with support for a carry trit.
5112	Outputs the user's seed to stdout with security warnings.
5113	Find transactions based on specified filters such as bundles, addresses, tags, and approvees.
5114	Retrieve a list of inputs (addresses) with non-zero balances, with optional parameters to specify the range and minimum balance threshold.
5115	Generates one or more new addresses from the seed with customizable parameters and returns a dictionary containing the generated addresses.
5116	Returns all transfers associated with the seed, optionally including inclusion states.
5117	Promotes a transaction by adding spam on top of it and returns the newly-published bundle.
5118	Replays a bundle by attaching it to the Tangle using a tail transaction hash.
5119	Prepares a set of transfers, creates and attaches a bundle, and broadcasts and stores the transactions.
5120	Attaches transaction trytes to the Tangle, then broadcasts and stores them.
5121	Given a URI, resolve and return a properly-configured adapter instance based on the URI's scheme.
5122	Raises a `NotImplementedError` for the method.
5123	Sends a message to the instance's logger if configured.
5124	HTTP request sender with logging.
5125	Interprets an HTTP response from a node, checking for errors and decoding the JSON content.
5126	Sets the response that the adapter will return for the specified command using a FIFO queue.
5127	Absorb a digest into the sponge and store it.
5128	This method returns the new multisig address by processing digests using a sponge function and creating a MultisigAddress object.
5129	Create an iterator to progressively generate new addresses based on a starting index and a step value.
5130	Generates an address from a private key digest using a sponge function and trits.
5131	Generates a new address using a key iterator, optionally with a valid checksum.
5132	Find and return a list of Transaction objects matching the specified criteria.
5133	Scans the Tangle for used addresses by iterating over a range of addresses and checking if they have been used by returning the addresses and their corresponding transaction hashes.
5134	Function returns bundles corresponding to given transaction hashes, sorted by tail transaction timestamp.
5135	Determines which codec to use for the specified encoding.
5136	Returns information used by the codecs library to configure the codec for use.
5137	Encodes a byte string into trytes.
5138	Decodes a tryte string into bytes, handling errors according to the specified strategy.
5139	Finds addresses matching the command parameters by generating them and checking their transactions.
5140	Adds a route to the wrapper based on the command and adapter provided.
5141	Create a Transaction object from a sequence of trytes.
5142	Returns a JSON-compatible representation of the object.
5143	Returns the values needed to validate the transaction's `signature_message_fragment` value.
5144	Sets the confirmed status for the bundle and its transactions.
5145	Attempts to decode encoded messages from the transactions in the bundle using specified error handling.
5146	Converts transactions in this bundle to TryteString representations, optionally in head-to-tail order.
5147	Groups transactions in the bundle by address and returns a list of lists containing transactions with the same address.
5148	Recursively discovers all command classes in a specified package and its sub-packages, returning a dictionary of commands indexed by their names.
5149	Send a request object to the adapter, inject the command name, and return the response.
5150	Applies a filter to a value and raises an exception with contextual information if the value does not pass the filter.
5151	Return the URL to check the status of a job with a given ID.
5152	Returns a list of all errors found with the bundle.
5153	Checks if the bundle is valid by appending the first error to the errors list if any are found and returns `True` if no errors are present.
5154	Creates a generator that validates transactions in a bundle by checking their indices, balances, and signatures.
5155	Validates the signature fragments in the bundle and returns a list of error messages.
5156	Validates the signature fragments for a group of transactions using the specified sponge type and returns an error message if the fragments are invalid.
5157	A method that recursively traverses the Tangle to collect transactions until it hits a new bundle, ensuring it doesn't collect transactions from replayed bundles.
5158	Starts an interactive Python shell with the given API client object pre-loaded.
5159	Generate a random seed using a CSPRNG.
5160	Generates a digest by iterating over key fragments and hashing them using a sponge function.
5161	Signs input transactions in a bundle starting from a specified index, handling signature fragmentation as needed and validating individual transactions.
5162	Makes JSON-serializable objects play nice with IPython's default pretty-printer.
5163	If trits are not a multiple of TRIT_HASH_LENGTH, pad with 0s. Keep absorbing trits into the sponge until the specified length is reached.
5164	If trits is too small, it will be extended!
5165	Attach a context dictionary to an exception instance.
5166	Generates a filter chain for validating a security level.
5167	The method increments the transaction's legacy tag using a trit addition to fix insecure bundle hashes during finalization.
5168	Determines the most relevant tag for the bundle by iterating through transactions in reverse order.
5169	Adds a transaction to the bundle, splitting the message into multiple transactions if necessary.
5170	Finalize the bundle by validating the balance, ensuring it is zero, and generating a secure bundle hash to be copied to individual transactions.
5171	Sign inputs in a finalized bundle, skipping transactions without signatures or where the private key is unknown.
5172	Signs the input at the specified index using the provided private key.
5173	Creates transactions for the specified input address, including the address balance and additional meta transactions for signatures.
5174	Converts between any two standard units of iota.
5175	Recover the uncompressed point from a compressed point on the G1 curve.
5176	Return the modular inverse of an integer a modulo n
5177	Load a lexicon from a JSON file.
5178	Combines words into groups based on their proximity.
5179	Find the preferred synonym of a given word from a dictionary of synonyms, case-insensitively.
5180	Replaces abbreviations in the input text with their full word equivalents using the lexicon.abbreviations dictionary, handling special cases like 'w/' before the main loop.
5181	Split a description into parts, each of which can be turned into a single component.
5182	Return a list of category names in the lexicon, excluding optional categories.
5183	Returns a minimal Decor with a random colour.
5184	Create a simple plot of the Decor.
5185	Generate a default legend based on the provided name, with case-insensitive matching.
5186	Returns a default timescale legend.
5187	Generate a random legend for a given list of components.
5188	Create legends from images by extracting unique colors and mapping them to components.
5189	Read CSV text and generate a Legend
5190	Returns a CSV string representation of the legend.
5191	Return the maximum width of all the Decors in the Legend.
5192	Retrieve the decor for a component based on specified attributes or mnemonic, returning a matching Decor object or a default one if not found.
5193	Get the attribute of a component and return the default value if the attribute is not found.
5194	Find the component corresponding to a display colour within a given tolerance.
5195	Generate a simple plot of the legend by calling the `plot` method on all members.
5196	Return a Component by parsing a text string with a Lexicon, optionally checking for a required attribute.
5197	Given a format string, return a summary description of a component based on its attributes.
5198	Emits a deprecation warning and replaces the 'Rock' class with 'Component'.
5199	Processes a single row from the file, extracting the specified fields and applying read functions.
5200	Parse a text string and return a dictionary of results.
5201	Checks if a striplog is monotonically increasing in depth.
5202	Summarize a Striplog with some statistics and return a list of (Component, total thickness) tuples sorted by thickness in descending order.
5203	Converts a sequence of tops in an arbitrary dimension to a list of intervals for creating a striplog.
5204	Ensure data is formatted correctly for creating a striplog by renaming keys, sorting values, removing null values if specified.
5205	Creates a striplog from a Petrel text file, processing the data and intervals as specified, and returns the resulting striplog or `None` if no intervals are found.
5206	Reconstructs a list of Intervals from a given data dictionary by filtering, sorting, and processing the data.
5207	Load data from a CSV file or text.
5208	Read an image and generate a Striplog by extracting color components and their corresponding intervals based on depth and legend.
5209	Turn a 1D array into a striplog, given a cutoff.
5210	Turn LAS3 'lithology' section into a Striplog
5211	Eat a Canstrat DAT file and convert it into a striplog.
5212	Returns a shallow copy of the current Striplog.
5213	Converts a list of intervals to a CSV string or file, using descriptions if available and allowing custom delimiters and headers.
5214	Exports the Lithology section as an LAS 3.0 string for an stratigraphic log.
5215	Plot the rectangles for each item in a list onto a matplotlib axis.
5216	Returns a numpy array of data from the striplog for a given field, with an optional default value and custom function to apply to each data point.
5217	Extracts a log into the components of a striplog by storing values in designated attributes based on specified intervals and functions.
5218	Return a Striplog containing intervals that match a search term in their descriptions or summaries, or a list of matching indices if index is True.
5219	Find overlaps in a striplog, returning either indices or the striplog of overlaps.
5220	Finds gaps in a striplog and returns a new striplog of those gaps.
5221	Remove intervals below a certain thickness from a striplog object in place.
5222	Fill in empty intervals by growing from top and base.
5223	Return a copy of the object with gaps filled by the provided component.
5224	Unions two Striplog instances into a single Striplog instance by merging overlapping intervals.
5225	Makes a new Striplog instance containing only the intersecting intervals of two given Striplog instances.
5226	Merges overlapping intervals in place by removing the overlapping segments and replacing them with a single merged segment.
5227	Plots a histogram and returns the data for it.
5228	Invert the order of the striplog and its contents, either in-place or by returning a new inverted copy.
5229	Crops a striplog to a new depth range, optionally returning a copy.
5230	Run a series of tests and return the corresponding results.
5231	Converts a hexadecimal colour to its corresponding colour name using matplotlib's colour names.
5232	Get a 2d array of RGB values at a specified offset from an image.
5233	Return an underscore if the attribute is absent.
5234	Lists all jobs from Nomad and optionally filters by a prefix.
5235	Parse a HCL Job file and return a JSON formatted job.
5236	Update an ACL token for a given AccessorID.
5237	Lists all the allocations, optionally filtering by a prefix.
5238	Mark a deployment as failed to stop scheduler allocations or cause a rollback.
5239	Pause or resume a deployment in Nomad.
5240	Endpoint to manually set the health of allocations in a deployment, allowing or failing the rolling upgrade based on specified allocations.
5241	Toggle the drain mode of a Nomad node and returns its current state as JSON.
5242	Toggle the drain mode of a Nomad node with optional allocation migration and eligibility settings.
5243	Toggle the eligibility of a Nomad node and return the updated status as a dictionary.
5244	List files in an allocation directory.
5245	Abstraction for streaming the contents of a file in an allocation directory
5246	Stat a file in an allocation directory using the provided ID or path.
5247	Initiate a join between the agent and target peers and return the response as a dictionary.
5248	Updates the list of known servers with the provided list and returns a 200 status code.
5249	Force a failed gossip member into the left state and return a 200 status code.
5250	List all the client nodes registered with Nomad based on an optional prefix.
5251	Retrieve all evaluations, optionally filtering by a prefix.
5252	Retrieve all namespaces registered with Nomad based on an optional prefix.
5253	Registers a new job or updates an existing job using the Nomad API.
5254	Invoke a dry-run of the scheduler for the job with optional parameters for diff and policy override.
5255	Dispatches a new instance of a parameterized job using the Nomad API and returns the response in JSON format.
5256	Revert a Nomad job to an older version using the specified job ID, version, and optional prior version enforcement.
5257	Sets the stability of a job in Nomad.
5258	Deregisters a job and stops all allocations part of it, optionally specifying whether to purge immediately or defer to the Nomad garbage collector.
5259	Query the status of a client node registered with Nomad using optional arguments and handle exceptions.
5260	Removes a Nomad server from the Raft configuration by sending a DELETE request.
5261	Retrieve all deployments for a given prefix from the Nomad API.
5262	Gets a random mutator from a list of mutators based on the provided object type and configuration level.
5263	Returns a random mutator for the given object type.
5264	Return a polyglot attack containing the original object.
5265	Performs mutation on the input data by randomly selecting a subset of the data and replacing it with a different value.
5266	Safely return an unicode encoded string by joining characters from the input buffer.
5267	Start the servers.
5268	Kills the servers and completes the PJFServer process.
5269	This function serves a custom HTML page by setting appropriate headers and serving the file from a specified root directory, handling any exceptions that may occur.
5270	Serves fuzzed JSON object with appropriate headers and may notify a testcase server.
5271	A generic fuzz mutator that uses a decorator for the given type.
5272	Spawns a new process using subprocess with given command and options.
5273	Try to get output in a separate thread.
5274	Wait for output from the process or until the timeout is reached.
5275	Terminates the newly created process and closes its standard input, output, and error streams, then logs a completion message.
5276	Starts PyJFuzz based on the command line arguments provided.
5277	Performs the actual external fuzzing and handles different input scenarios.
5278	Apply a JSON encoding decorator to make the output structure printable.
5279	Build the String instance with optional prerequisites and shortest reference-chain version generation.
5280	Build an "And" instance by appending values and handling prerequisites and errors.
5281	Build the `Quote` instance and handle escaping based on the provided parameters.
5282	Builds an "Or" instance with optional prerequisites and a choice of values, possibly constrained to the shortest reference chains.
5283	Builds the current ``Opt`` instance with optional prerequisites and handling of the shortest reference-chain condition.
5284	Builds a ``Ref`` instance by fetching the rule from the GramFuzzer instance and constructing it, handling prerequisites and recursion.
5285	Generate the STAR field, with optional prerequisites and shortest reference-chain constraints.
5286	Shuts down the running process and monitor, waits for the process to finish, and sends a test case.
5287	Runs a command once and checks the exit code, handling SIGINT with a shutdown signal.
5288	Run command in a loop, check exit status, restart process when needed.
5289	Return a random float within the specified range.
5290	Add a new rule definition to a category in the grammar.
5291	Associate the provided rule definition name with the category group in the specified category.
5292	Generate a specified number of rules from a given category, with optional preferences for certain categories and recursion limits.
5293	Recursively fuzzes all elements within an object based on configuration parameters and mutator functions, handling nested dictionaries and lists.
5294	This method generates a fuzzed and printable object based on the provided configuration, optionally URL-encoding the result.
5295	This method returns the fuzzed object, handling nested arrays and raising an exception on failure.
5296	Function decorator to mutate a generic object based on its type.
5297	Handles the termination signal by stopping the IOLoop and sending the signal to a child process if running.
5298	Kills the child process and exits if running; otherwise, exits directly.
5299	Pauses the actor by killing a running child process if present, and sets the state to paused.
5300	Resumesthechildprocessspawn.
5301	Stops a running child process, sets an exit callback, and updates the state.
5302	Restarts a subprocess by killing it and then starting it again, updating the state accordingly.
5303	Retrieve a list of events since the last poll. If no events occur, the API will block for up to 30 seconds before returning an empty list.
5304	Update the user's mood message in the Skype connection.
5305	Updates the user's profile picture.
5306	Retrieve metadata for a URL using Skype's API.
5307	Retrieves details for a specific contact using their ID.
5308	Retrieves public information about a user by their identifier.
5309	Return a list of all known bots.
5310	Retrieves a single bot using its UUID or username and returns a SkypeBotUser object.
5311	Search the Skype Directory for a user and return a list of possible results.
5312	Method for retrieving any pending contact requests.
5313	Create a new instance of the class based on the raw properties of an API response.
5314	Base method for merging properties from another object into the current object, skipping ``None`` values.
5315	Merge or update an object in the cache based on its ID.
5316	Handle API pagination by synchronizing state URLs provided by the response.
5317	Attempt to re-establish a connection using previously acquired tokens, registering a new endpoint if necessary.
5318	Store details of the current connection in the named file.
5319	Ensure the authentication token for the given auth method is still valid and renew if expired.
5320	Refresh the Skype token to extend its expiry time without other credentials, handling authentication exceptions.
5321	Ask Skype for the authenticated user's identifier and store it on the connection object.
5322	Acquire a new registration token and update related information.
5323	Retrieve all current endpoints for the connected user.
5324	Queries a username or email address to determine if a corresponding Microsoft account exists.
5325	This method takes an existing Skype token, refreshes it to extend the expiry time, and returns the refreshed token along with its expiry time, while handling potential exceptions.
5326	Request a new registration token using a current Skype token.
5327	Configures the endpoint to allow setting presence with a specified display name.
5328	Send a keep-alive request for the endpoint with an optional timeout.
5329	Retrieves and caches the most recent conversations, updating the cache with older conversations on subsequent calls.
5330	Returns a Skype conversation by identifier, determining whether it's a single chat or group chat.
5331	Creates a new group chat with the given users, with the current user automatically added as an admin and other admin identifiers also present in the member list.
5332	Extracts the username from a Skype API URL.
5333	Extracts the conversation ID from a Skype API URL.
5334	Repeats calling a given function until it returns a false-y value, yielding each result in turn after optional transformation.
5335	Return unicode text, potentially decoding a binary string.
5336	Tries to match text against patterns in handlers and returns the corresponding handler instance
5337	A function to parse text with frontmatter, extracting metadata and content.
5338	Return a dictionary representation of the object for serialization.
5339	Parse YAML front matter using yaml.SafeLoader by default.
5340	Export metadata as YAML with default settings.
5341	Transform metadata into a JSON string with optional indentation.
5342	Return a match object for the current list using a cached result if available.
5343	Returns a list of strings representing the items without sub-items and the start pattern, using a more optimized approach with direct item appending and string slicing.
5344	This method returns a list of sub-lists contained within a WikiList item, either globally or at a specific index, based on an optional pattern.
5345	Converts the list type by replacing the starting pattern with a new string.
5346	This method parses template content, creating `Argument` objects and populating them with relevant data from the input.
5347	Return the lists in all arguments that match the given pattern, using the `lists` method of each argument.
5348	Return a Trie data structure built from a list of strings, which can be used to create an efficient atomic regex pattern.
5349	Converts a trie data structure to a regular expression pattern.
5350	Adjust and return start and stop index based on input key for.slice
5351	Insert a string at a specified index.
5352	Partition a string based on the presence of a specific character, separating it into substrings before, at, and after the character.
5353	Method to return all sub-spans associated with the given type, including the span of the object itself.
5354	Update `self._type_to_spans` according to the removed span by adjusting existing spans or removing them.
5355	Update the spans in self._type_to_spans according to the added length.
5356	Calculate the nesting level of an object based on its span and type.
5357	Return a copy of a string with specific sub-spans replaced by spaces or underscores.
5358	Replaces invalid characters of SPAN_PARSER_TYPES with b'_' and formats them accordingly for comments and specific subspans.
5359	Creates the arguments for the parse function used in pformat method by modifying sub-spans to fit the new scope of `self.string`.
5360	Prints a string representation of the object with a specified indentation and option to remove comments.
5361	Return a list of parameter objects.
5362	Return a list of parser function objects.
5363	Return a list of templates as template objects.
5364	Return a list of wikilink objects.
5365	Return a list of comment objects.
5366	This method returns a list of ExternalLink objects found in a given text, where each ExternalLink object represents a URL extracted from the text.
5367	This method returns a list of 'Section' objects extracted from the current wikitext, where the first section is always the lead section, even if it is empty.
5368	This method returns a list of Table objects found within a document, using pattern matching and shadowing techniques to identify and extract table structures.
5369	This function returns a list of WikiList objects based on a given pattern, which can be used to extract and manipulate lists from a structured text source.
5370	Return all tags with the given name.
5371	Yield all the sub-span indices for the specified type excluding self._span.
5372	Method to return the ancestors of the current node based on the specified type.
5373	Get the first parent WikiText object of the current object based on the specified type, or None if no such parent exists.
5374	Returns the most common item in a list, or raises a ValueError if the list is empty.
5375	This function returns the first argument in the given iterable that has the specified name, after stripping any leading or trailing whitespace. If no such argument is found, it returns None.
5376	This function normalizes a template name by removing comments, language code, namespaces, underscores, consecutive spaces, and optionally capitalizing the first letter.
5377	Eliminate duplicate arguments by removing the first occurrences.
5378	Remove duplicate arguments in a safe manner, keeping one occurrence and optionally appending a tag to the value.
5379	Set the value for an argument or add a new argument with optional positioning.
5380	Return the last argument with the given name, or None if not found.
5381	Function to check if an argument with a given name and value exists.
5382	Deletes all arguments with a given name from a collection.
5383	Lookup crscode on spatialreference.org and return in specified format.
5384	Searches for an ellipsoid name located in this module based on the given ellipsoid name, CRS naming convention, and strictness.
5385	Returns the CRS object from a string interpreted as a specified format, located at a given URL site.
5386	Parse CRS object from a file with supported extensions (.prj, .geojson, .json).
5387	Function that loads a coordinate reference system (CRS) object from an EPSG code using spatialreference.org and converts it to a PROJ4 format.
5388	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
5389	Loads a CRS object from a SR-ORG code using spatialreference.org and parses it based on the proj4 representation.
5390	Factory that creates CRS objects from textual representations of unknown type.
5391	Write the raw header content to the output stream.
5392	Instantiate a RawVLR by reading the content from the data stream.
5393	Returns a list of GeoTiff keys parsed from the VLRs in the vlr_list parameter.
5394	Pass in GeoTIFF VLRs information and return a list of nicer structs.
5395	Determine the signedness (signed, unsigned, or floating) of a dimension based on its type index according to the LAS Specification.
5396	Returns the index of the type as defined in the LAS Specification.
5397	Return a new PackedPointRecord from an existing one with the ability to change to point format while doing so.
5398	Copies the values of the current dimensions from other_record.
5399	Appends zeros to the array if the input value is larger, ensuring the array has the same or greater length.
5400	Returns all the dimensions names, including the names of sub_fields and their corresponding packed fields.
5401	Creates a new point record with all dimensions initialized to zero.
5402	Construct point records by reading points from a stream based on the given point format and count.
5403	Construct the point record by decompressing the points data from the input buffer.
5404	Returns the scaled x positions of the points as doubles.
5405	Returns the scaled y positions of the points as doubles.
5406	Returns the scaled z positions of the points as doubles.
5407	Adds a new extra dimension to the point record.
5408	Writes binary data to a stream, optionally compressing it.
5409	Writes data to a file, optionally compressing it based on the file extension or provided flag.
5410	Writes to a stream or file, optionally compressing the data based on the specified parameters and file extension.
5411	Builds a dictionary mapping point format IDs to NumPy data types.
5412	Builds a dictionary mapping point format IDs to numpy.dtypes, where bit fields are unpacked and accessible directly.
5413	Tries to find a matching point format id for the input numpy dtype and raises an error if no compatible format is found.
5414	This function returns the minimum file version that supports the given point_format_id.
5415	Checks if a given point format ID is compatible with a specified file version.
5416	Returns a list of vlrs that match the specified type.
5417	Returns the list of VLRs of the requested type, removing them from the list.
5418	Reads a specified number of VLRs from a data stream and constructs a VLRList from them.
5419	Returns true if all files have the same point format id.
5420	Returns true if all the files have the same numpy datatype.
5421	Exception raised when the file signature is not as expected.
5422	Read the header of a LAS file and return it.
5423	Reads and returns the VLRs of the file.
5424	Handle reading of points record parts of the las file using the header and vlrs, including handling compressed data.
5425	Reads the compressed point data from the LAS file and returns a PackedPointRecord object.
5426	Reads and returns the waveform VLR header and waveform record.
5427	Reads the EVLRs (Extended Variable Length Records) from the file, but only if the file version supports them.
5428	Warn if bytes are found between expected and actual positions in a file.
5429	Opens and reads the header of the las content in the source
5430	Reads LAS data from a file or stream into a LaS class object.
5431	Creates a file from an existing header and allocates an array of points according to the provided header.
5432	Create a new empty LAS data object with a specified point format and optional file version, handling compatibility errors and automatically selecting a file version if not provided.
5433	Converts a Las from one point format to another, automatically upgrading the file version if necessary, and returning a new Las object with the specified format and version.
5434	Merge multiple las files into one.
5435	Writes data to a BytesIO object, seeks to the beginning, and reads from it.
5436	Return the creation date from the day and year stored in the las file.
5437	Sets the creation year and day of year of the file based on the given date object
5438	Returns the minimum values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5439	Sets the minimum values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5440	Returns the maximum values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5441	Sets the maximum values for x, y, and z as a numpy array.
5442	Returns the scaling values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5443	Returns the offsets values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5444	Seeks to the position of the last version header fields in the stream, reads the major and minor version numbers, and returns them as a string.
5445	Converts a header to a different version.
5446	Converts a masked extract from source_array.
5447	Packs a sub-field's array into another array using a mask.
5448	Returns a list of dimension names that will be lost during a format conversion.
5449	Returns a dictionary mapping sub field names to tuples containing their composed dimension and additional information.
5450	This function returns the total size in bytes of all data types in the `extra_dims` attribute.
5451	Check if the point format has waveform packet dimensions
5452	Runs a demo using the satel_integra library with the provided IP, port, and log level.
5453	Calculates the checksum of a given command using a specified algorithm as per the Satel manual.
5454	Converts binary data to a hexadecimal string and logs it for debugging.
5455	This function verifies the checksum of a received frame, removes the header and footer, replaces specific byte sequences, and returns the processed frame.
5456	Return a list of bit positions where the bits are set to one in the given data.
5457	Adds a header, checksum, and footer to command data.
5458	Runs a basic demo of monitoring capabilities using the AsyncSatel library.
5459	Makes a TCP connection to the alarm system.
5460	Start monitoring for interesting events and process the response.
5461	Sends a command to disarm a security system with the provided code and partition list.
5462	Sends a command to clear an alarm using a hexadecimal code and a partition list.
5463	Sends a command to turn on an output with the specified code and ID, handling code padding and state.
5464	Keeps the connection to a Satel Integra alarm system alive by sending periodic queries.
5465	Start monitoring of the alarm status by sending commands to the satel integra, reading updates in a loop, and calling respective callbacks when received messages.
5466	Stop monitoring and close the connection.
5467	Clears all matching records for a given user ID by executing a database operation.
5468	Guess the type of a file, considering whether it's a notebook, directory, or regular file.
5469	Get the id of a file in the database using a specific implementation of ContentsManager.
5470	Get a notebook from the database.
5471	Build a notebook model from a database record, including merging its content and validating the model.
5472	Retrieves a directory from the database and returns a directory model.
5473	Convert a list of file records into notebook or file models based on their type.
5474	Build a directory model from a database record, optionally including file and subdirectory contents.
5475	Builds a file model from a database record, including content and metadata.
5476	Saves a notebook and returns a validation message.
5477	Saves a non-notebook file using the provided database, model, and path.
5478	Rename or move a file or directory and handle potential exceptions.
5479	Deletes the object at the specified path, handling files and directories appropriately.
5480	Adds a new user to the database if they do not already exist.
5481	Recurse through all children of the node.
5482	Create a directory with the given API path and user ID.
5483	Return a WHERE clause that matches entries in a directory, parameterized on table.
5484	Delete a directory specified by user ID and API path, removing all associated directory entries in the database and raising exceptions for directory not found or not empty.
5485	Returns whether a directory exists for a given user with a specific name in the database.
5486	Return files in a directory based on user_id and db_dirname.
5487	Return subdirectories of a directory.
5488	A function that returns a WHERE clause for a given API path and user ID, matching the file name, user ID, and parent directory.
5489	Return a SELECT statement that returns the latest N versions of a file for a given user and API path.
5490	Return a list of default fields returned by a file query.
5491	Retrieve file data for the given user ID, API path, and query fields from a database.
5492	Get file data for the given user_id and path, optionally including the file content.
5493	This function retrieves the file ID from the database for a given user ID and API path.
5494	Checks if a file exists in the database for a given user and path.
5495	Rename a directory by updating its name and adjusting the names and parent names of its descendants in the database, while ensuring that the operation is performed within the constraints of the database schema.
5496	Save a file after preprocessing its content and handling potential integrity errors by overwriting existing content.
5497	Generates a generator of decrypted files from a database, optionally filtering by datetime range and logger.
5498	Delete all database records for the given user_id.
5499	Create a generator of decrypted remote checkpoints from a specified datetime range, decrypts them, and returns a generator yielding dicts containing decoded notebooks and metadata.
5500	Generate notebooks from a database table based on specified conditions and decrypt them.
5501	Re-encrypt a row from the specified table by decrypting and then re-encrypting its content using given functions.
5502	Re-encrypt all of the files and checkpoints for a single user using the provided encryption functions.
5503	Convert a secret key and a user ID into an encryption key to use with a ``cryptography.fernet.Fernet``.
5504	Derive a list of per-user Fernet keys from a list of master keys and a username.
5505	Create a function to generate a crypto_factory for reencrypting user data in pgcontents.
5506	Memoization function for single-argument functions.
5507	Get the name from a column-like SQLAlchemy expression.
5508	Convert a SQLAlchemy row (without a 'content' field) to a dictionary.
5509	Convert a SQLAlchemy row containing a 'content' field to a dictionary by applying a decryption function to the content.
5510	Create a checkpoint of the current state of a notebook and return a checkpoint_id for the new checkpoint.
5511	Create a checkpoint of the current state of a file and return a checkpoint_id for the new checkpoint.
5512	Delete a checkpoint for a file.
5513	This interface retrieves the content of a checkpoint using its ID and path.
5514	Return a list of checkpoints for a given file path.
5515	A function that renames all checkpoints from an old path to a new path using a database connection.
5516	Deletes all checkpoints for the given path using the engine and user_id.
5517	Purges all database records for the current user.
5518	Resolve a path based on a dictionary of manager prefixes and returns a triple of (prefix, manager, manager_relative_path).
5519	Prefix all path entries in the model dictionary with the given prefix.
5520	For use as a decorator of methods that accept a path as a first argument - resolves the path, calls the appropriate method on the manager, and applies a prefix if required.
5521	Parameterize a method to handle path dispatch with a default path and keyword arguments.
5522	Decorate methods accepting old_path and new_path to ensure they operate within the same backend and return a result, possibly with a prefix applied.
5523	Strips slashes from directory names before updating the `managers` dictionary.
5524	Special case handling for listing root directory and returns the updated model.
5525	resolves paths with '..' to normalized paths and raises an error if the final result is outside the root directory.
5526	Split an API file path into directory and name.
5527	Write a notebook as base64.
5528	Read a notebook from base64 and decode it to UTF-8.
5529	Decode base64 data and return decoded content with appropriate encoding.
5530	Decode base64 content for a file, handling different formats and exceptions, and return the decoded content, format, and mimetype.
5531	Return an iterable of all prefix directories of a given path, starting from the deepest parent and moving up to the root.
5532	Convert PathOutsideRoot errors to 404s.
5533	Create a user and initialize a postgres database checkpoint.
5534	Splits an iterable of models into directories and files based on their type.
5535	Recursive helper function for traversing directories and yielding directory, subdirectories, and files.
5536	Iterate over all files visible to ``mgr`` and yield each file.
5537	Recursively iterates over the contents of all files visible to mgr.
5538	Re-encrypt data for all users using the provided crypto factories and log the progress.
5539	Re-encrypt all files and checkpoints for a single user using the provided old and new cryptographic mechanisms.
5540	Unencrypt data for all users by iterating through their IDs and calling a function to unencrypt their data using a provided cryptographic factory and logger.
5541	Unencrypt all files and checkpoints for a single user using the provided decryption function and a no-op encryption function.
5542	Create a temporary alembic.ini file for alembic migration scripts and yield its filename.
5543	Upgrade the database to the specified revision using Alembic.
5544	Sanitizes block data by converting it with matching embed serializer's `to_internal_value` method if available.
5545	Queue an instance to be fetched from the database.
5546	Fetch all queued instances of a given type and save the results to an instance attribute.
5547	Insert a fetched instance into embed block and update the data accordingly.
5548	Load data in bulk for each embed block.
5549	Function that validates widget data by checking if the selected widget exists and if all its fields are valid or required.
5550	Render HTML entry point for manager app.
5551	Convert the template to its JSON representation by serializing each field and its corresponding data.
5552	Hides fields in the model if the user is not authenticated or the request context is missing.
5553	This method excludes fields from a model's fields that are specified in the 'exclude' query parameter.
5554	Fetch and return the latest article based on the provided primary key and querystring parameters.
5555	Return a filtered and optimized queryset of articles based on various query parameters.
5556	Return a filtered QuerySet based on whether the content is published and whether a query parameter is present.
5557	Override the default get_attribute method to convert None values to False.
5558	Checks that the given widget contains the required fields and validity.
5559	Checks that a given zone contains the required fields 'id' and 'name' and raises an exception if any of them are missing.
5560	Return True if id is a valid UUID, False otherwise.
5561	Returns 'admin' if the user is in the 'Admin' group or is a superuser, otherwise returns an empty string.
5562	Modifies the user's permissions by adding or removing the 'Admin' group based on the input.
5563	Raise a ValidationError if data does not match the author format.
5564	Save widget data for a zone, including handling nested widgets and calling before-save hooks.
5565	Returns data from each field.
5566	Prepare widget data for template by iterating through fields and processing each field's data.
5567	Renders the widget as HTML.
5568	Retrieves the settings for this integration as a dictionary and removes hidden fields if specified.
5569	Handles an OAuth callback from Facebook to authenticate and fetch user pages.
5570	Return the settings for the given integration as a dictionary.
5571	Updates the settings for a given integration by merging new settings with existing ones and saving the updated integration.
5572	Handles requests to the user signup page, processes signups if the invite is still valid, and redirects to admin if successful.
5573	Returns HTML by enclosing each item in `contents` in a tag of type `tagname`.
5574	Render the contents of the zone with the given zone_id.
5575	Handles saving or removing a featured image based on provided data
5576	Updates the subsection_id of all courses in the current section
5577	Returns the file extension from the given file name.
5578	Method returns the medium size image URL based on the image type.
5579	Custom save method to process thumbnails and save image dimensions.
5580	Processes and saves a resized thumbnail version of the image with the given parameters.
5581	Attempts to connect to the MySQL server and returns the bound connection object if successful, or None if unsuccessful.
5582	Wraps a fileobj in a bandwidth limited stream wrapper, enabling or disabling bandwidth limiting based on the `enabled` parameter.
5583	Reads data from a file object, applying bandwidth limiting if enabled.
5584	Consumes a requested amount while checking for rate limits and releasing the requested amount accordingly.
5585	Schedules a wait time to be able to consume an amount based on the given parameters and returns the total wait time.
5586	Processes a scheduled consumption request that has completed by removing the token from the _tokens_to_scheduled_consumption dictionary and updating the _total_wait attribute based on the time_to_consume value.
5587	Calculates the projected rate using an amount and a time at consumption.
5588	Record the consumption rate based on the amount and time of consumption.
5589	Downloads the contents of an object from an S3 bucket to a local file.
5590	Poll for the result of a transfer and raise an exception if it failed.
5591	Retrieves and returns a list of callbacks of a specific type associated with a transfer future, with each callback preinjected with the transfer future.
5592	Get a dictionary filtered by whitelisted keys.
5593	Decrement the count by one, ensuring it does not go below zero and calling a callback if it reaches zero after decrementing.
5594	Finalize the counter, setting it to an immutable state where no further increments are allowed and the callback is invoked once the count reaches zero.
5595	Given a filename, checks if the file is a special UNIX file (character special device, block special device, FIFO, or socket).
5596	Acquire the semaphore, optionally blocking until it can be acquired, and return a token for releasing.
5597	Releases the semaphore identified by a tag and token, logging the release action.
5598	Get a chunksize close to the current that fits within all S3 limits.
5599	Queue an IO write task for submission to the IO executor.
5600	Returns an IO task to write data to a file-like object.
5601	Determines the appropriate class for managing output during a download operation based on the file object and OS utility.
5602	Downloads an object from S3 and places content into an io queue with retries for retryable download errors.
5603	Pulls off an io queue to write contents to a file at a specified offset.
5604	Request any available writes given new incoming data and return all applicable writes.
5605	Determine if a file-like object is seekable, backwards-compatible function.
5606	Uploads a file to an S3 bucket.
5607	Downloads a file from S3.
5608	Copies a file in S3 from a source bucket and key to a destination bucket and key, with optional extra arguments, subscribers, and source client.
5609	Delete an S3 object.
5610	Shutdown the TransferManager, waiting for all transfers to complete before fully shutting down, with an option to cancel in-progress transfers and provide a cancellation message.
5611	Cancels all inprogress transfers by calling cancel() on all tracked transfer coordinators.
5612	Wait until there are no more in-progress transfers, ignoring failures and interruptions.
5613	Reads a specific amount of data from a stream and returns it, potentially using initial data before reading from the stream.
5614	Wrap data with interrupt reader and file chunk reader.
5615	Retrieves a class for managing input for an upload based on file type.
5616	Sets an exception on the future if the transfer is complete.
5617	Set a result for the TransferFuture, indicating success.
5618	Set an exception for a TransferFuture if it hasn't already failed or if override is True.
5619	Waits until TransferFuture is done and returns the result, raising the exception if present.
5620	Cancels a TransferFuture and sets an exception with a message.
5621	Submits a task to a provided executor and returns a future representing the submission.
5622	Adds a callback function to be invoked when a transfer is done.
5623	Adds a callback to be called upon failure.
5624	Announce that the future is done running, run associated callbacks, and handle failure cleanups if applicable.
5625	Submit a task for execution and handle semaphore synchronization.
5626	Adds a callback to a future object that will be executed once the future is done, with a wrapper to ensure the callback takes no arguments.
5627	Uploads a file to an S3 object.
5628	Download an S3 object to a local file, handling exceptions and renaming the temporary file to the actual filename.
5629	Generator yielding functions with step decorator found in parsed file.
5630	Get the arguments passed to step decorators converted to Python objects.
5631	Replace a function with new content and edit its parameters according to a mapping.
5632	A generator that yields syntax tree nodes and decorators of functions with a 'step' decorator in a parsed file.
5633	Extract arguments passed to step decorators and convert them to Python objects. If the step is a string or a list of strings, return it; otherwise, log an error.
5634	Refactor a step by changing its text and parameters according to specified indices.
5635	Selects the default parser for loading and refactoring steps, allowing users to revert to an older parser if needed.
5636	Retrieves team memberships for a team, by ID, and yields them incrementally using pagination support.
5637	Add someone to a team by Person ID or email address; optionally making them a moderator.
5638	Update a team membership by ID, allowing for the option to set the membership as a moderator and handling additional request parameters.
5639	Deletes a team membership by ID.
5640	This function retrieves a random cat fact from the catfact.ninja API and returns it as a string.
5641	Respond to inbound webhook JSON HTTP POSTs from Webex Teams and post a cat fact if the message contains "/CAT".
5642	Lists room memberships based on specified query parameters and yields a generator container of membership objects, supporting pagination.
5643	Deletes a team membership by ID.
5644	Verifies that the base URL contains a valid scheme and network location, and returns the URL if valid; otherwise, raises a ValueError with an appropriate error message.
5645	Check if a given string is a validly-formatted web URL.
5646	Open a local file and return an EncodableFile tuple with the file name, file object, and content type.
5647	Check if the object is an instance of one of the acceptable types or None.
5648	Creates a dictionary from multiple dictionaries and keyword arguments, excluding any items with a `None` value.
5649	Check response code against the expected code and raise ApiError if they do not match.
5650	Convert a dictionary or JSON string to a Python dictionary.
5651	Converts a string representing a date and time into a Webex Teams DateTime object with UTC timezone.
5652	Lists rooms in Webex Teams based on specified filters and returns a generator yielding room objects.
5653	Create a new room.
5654	Update details for a room, by ID.
5655	Deletes a room by its ID.
5656	Returns a generator containing all licenses for a given organization, optionally specified by orgId, with additional request parameters supported.
5657	Retrieve and parse the creation date and time from JSON data in ISO8601 format.
5658	Return the access token found in the environment, or None, and raise a deprecation warning if a legacy environment variable is used.
5659	Create a webhook with the specified details.
5660	Update a webhook by ID.
5661	Deletes a webhook by its ID.
5662	Remove the 'max=null' parameter from the 'next' URL.
5663	Enable or disable automatic rate-limit handling.
5664	Update the HTTP headers for requests in the session by merging the provided headers with the existing ones.
5665	Returns an absolute URL given a relative or absolute URL.
5666	HTTP request operation with support for rate-limiting and error handling.
5667	Sends a GET request to the specified URL with optional parameters and returns the parsed JSON response.
5668	Return a generator that GETs and yields pages of data from a specified URL with support for RFC5988 Web Linking.
5669	Return a generator that sends GET requests to a Webex Teams API endpoint and yields individual JSON `items` from the top-level `{'items': [...]}` JSON objects.
5670	Sends a PUT request to a specified URL with optional JSON or data payload and handles the response.
5671	Sends a DELETE request to the specified URL and raises an ApiError if the response code is not as expected.
5672	This function creates a new guest issuer with an api access token using the provided issuer token.
5673	Lists messages in a room and yields them as a generator container with pagination support.
5674	Post a message, optionally with an attachment, to a room.
5675	Deletes a message using its ID.
5676	Create a new user account for a given organization. Only an admin can create a new user account.
5677	Retrieves a person's details by ID from the Webex Teams cloud and returns a Person object.
5678	Update details for a person by ID, including email addresses, display name, first name, last name, avatar, organization ID, roles, and licenses. Only an admin can perform this action.
5679	Deletes a person from the system.
5680	Get the details of the person accessing the API.
5681	Lists all roles by making an API request and yields role objects created from the returned JSON objects.
5682	Returns a generator container that yields all teams returned by the query, fetching additional pages as needed.
5683	Create a team with an optional name and additional request parameters. Returns a Team object with details of the created team.
5684	Update details for a team, by ID.
5685	Deletes a team by its ID.
5686	Lists events in your organization with optional filters using Webex Teams's implementation of RFC5988 Web Linking for pagination.
5687	Serialize data to an immutable format
5688	Exchange an Authorization Code for an Access Token using the provided client credentials and redirect URI.
5689	The date and time of the person's last activity.
5690	Responds to inbound webhook JSON HTTP POST from Webex Teams and either logs the message or responds with a cat fact.
5691	Interactive helper function to generate a new anonymous username.
5692	Delete webhooks with a specific name by iterating through the list of webhooks and deleting the one with a matching name.
5693	Create a Webex Teams webhook pointing to the public ngrok URL.
5694	Delete previous webhooks and create a new one if using a local ngrok tunnel.
5695	Reads and prints DSMR data from a serial or TCP connection to the console.
5696	Read and parse complete DSMR telegram's from the serial interface into CosemObject's and MbusObject's.
5697	Reads complete DSMR telegrams from a serial interface, decodes them, and pushes them for asynchronous processing into a queue, handling parsing errors.
5698	Creates a DSMR asyncio protocol based on the specified version.
5699	Creates a DSMR asyncio protocol coroutine using a serial port.
5700	This function creates a TCP connection for reading DSMR data using the provided host, port, dsmr version, and telegram callback.
5701	Adds incoming data to buffer and processes it as telegrams.
5702	Handle connection loss by logging the reason and setting a closed flag.
5703	Send off parsed telegram to handling callback.
5704	Parse telegram data from string to a dictionary.
5705	Get the version of the package from the specified file by executing it and extracting the given variable name.
5706	Ensure compatibility of Python versions specified by a list of range specifiers.
5707	Finds all packages in a directory tree.
5708	Create a command class with optional prerelease commands and file handling.
5709	Return a Command that calls the given function.
5710	Outputs the command about to run.
5711	Return a Command that checks that certain files exist, raising a ValueError if any files are missing.
5712	Wrap a setup command and run other commands before it, with optional strict mode error handling.
5713	Return a BaseCommand handler for managing file data and package data specifications.
5714	Expand data file specs into valid data files metadata.
5715	Expand file patterns to a list of `package_data` paths.
5716	Translates and compiles a glob pattern to a regular expression matcher with optional case insensitivity.
5717	Recursively splits a path into its components using os.path.split().
5718	Translates a glob pattern to a regular expression.
5719	Join translated glob pattern parts with care taken to allow ** to match zero or more directories.
5720	Translate a glob pattern part to a regular expression.
5721	Send DDL to truncate the specified `table`.
5722	Sends DDL to create a specified table and executes the SQL statements.
5723	Writes the DDL commands to create the specified table indexes and executes them.
5724	Sends DDL to create triggers for the specified table.
5725	Sends DDL to create the specified table constraints in PostgreSQL.
5726	Write the contents of a table to a new location using a specified reader and processor function.
5727	The function `process_row` examines and alters data from a MySQL row to make it compatible with PostgreSQL's COPY command.
5728	Write DDL of `table` indexes to the output file.
5729	Write DDL of table constraints to the output file.
5730	Write triggers existing on `table` to the output file.
5731	Return an approximate number of queued tasks in the queue using an optional extra predicate for filtering.
5732	Enqueue a task with specified data by inserting it into a database table.
5733	Retrieve a task handler from the queue, potentially blocking and retrying if no task is available.
5734	This method constructs an SQL predicate string by escaping any query components and optionally adding a logical AND operator.
5735	Serializes dates and datetimes to ISO strings
5736	Closes the existing database connection and re-opens it.
5737	Execute a database query and return the first row.
5738	Returns a new connection to the database.
5739	This function runs a set of InsertWorkers, records their performance, and calculates the number of rows inserted per second.
5740	Returns an aggregator connection.
5741	Prints the key associated with the given error number in the global scope.
5742	Returns the total number of connections in the pool.
5743	This method checks if a connection error is a potential connection failure by attempting to execute a simple query. If the query fails with an IOError or OperationalError, it handles the connection failure; otherwise, it raises a DatabaseError indicating programmer error.
5744	Builds a simple SQL expression and parameter dictionary from input fields.
5745	Builds an SQL update query for the specified table and fields.
5746	Connect to a database with specified parameters.
5747	Initialize the required tables in the database.
5748	Destroy the SQLStepQueue tables in the database.
5749	Start a step and log its start time and name.
5750	Stop a step and record its duration.
5751	Converts ISO format datetimes to datetime objects in a list of steps.
5752	Disconnects from the WebSocket connection and waits for the Thread to join.
5753	Issues a reconnection by setting the reconnect_required event and clearing the connected status.
5754	Creates and manages a WebSocket connection.
5755	Handles and passes received data to the appropriate handlers, including system, heartbeat, and general data messages, and resets timers upon receiving data.
5756	Stops various timers and logs that the timers have been stopped.
5757	Sends a ping message to the API and starts a timer to check for a pong response.
5758	The method `_check_pong` cancels a timer, checks if a Pong message was received within the expected time, and if not, logs a debug message and issues a reconnect.
5759	Sends a payload to the API via a websocket connection, optionally authenticating with an API key and secret.
5760	Resumes the connection by clearing the paused flag and re-subscribing to all channels.
5761	Distributes system messages to the appropriate handler based on the event type.
5762	Handles API INFO messages by logging them, raising exceptions for certain codes, and performing actions like reconnecting, pausing, or unpausing the client.
5763	Handles error messages by logging them or reconnecting if an unknown error code is received.
5764	Handle data messages by passing them up to the client.
5765	Resubscribes to all channels in `self.channel_configs`, optionally unsubscribing first with an option to auth.
5766	Handles authentication responses by updating channel and user information.
5767	Handles configuration messages and logs them.
5768	Updates the timestamp for a given channel ID and logs a warning if the channel is not present.
5769	This method resets the client by reconnecting and sending channel configurations.
5770	Return a queue containing all received candles data for a given symbol pair and timeframe.
5771	Sends configuration to websocket server
5772	Subscribes to the ticker channel for a specified symbol pair.
5773	Unsubscribe to a ticker channel for a specific symbol pair.
5774	Subscribes to the order book channel for a given currency pair.
5775	Unsubscribe from an order book channel for a specific currency pair.
5776	Subscribe to the passed pair's raw order book channel.
5777	Unsubscribes from the passed pair's raw order book channel.
5778	Subscribes to trades data for the specified symbol pair.
5779	Unsubscribe from trades updates for a specific currency pair.
5780	Subscribes to an OHLC data channel for a specific cryptocurrency pair and timeframe.
5781	Unsubscribes from the OHLC data channel of the specified cryptocurrency pair.
5782	Authenticate with the Bitfinex API using an API key and secret.
5783	Cancels one or more orders via Websocket based on whether multiple orders are specified.
5784	Called when a device command message is received, parses the command, and invokes the registered callback.
5785	Parsing gateway command messages and passing the information to a registered callback.
5786	Parse gateway notification messages, extract source device, and pass information to the registered callback.
5787	Registers one or more new device types and returns a DeviceType object if the request is successful, otherwise raises an ApiException.
5788	This method publishes an event to Watson IoT Platform with the specified parameters and returns the result of the publication.
5789	Update an existing device's information using the provided metadata, deviceInfo, and status.
5790	Iterate through all Connectors with optional status and connectedAfter filters.
5791	This method fetches a list of device management extension packages by making a GET request to a specified URL and returns the JSON response if the request is successful, otherwise it raises an ApiException with the response.
5792	For a given DME data payload, create sends a new device management extension package to the specified endpoint and raises an ApiException in the case of failure.
5793	Updates a schema using the provided schemaId and schemaDefinition, throwing an APIException on failure.
5794	Disconnect the client from IBM Watson IoT Platform and stop the network loop.
5795	Handles connection events and restores previous subscriptions if the connection is successful.
5796	Subscribes to device event messages with optional parameters for typeId, deviceId, eventId, msgFormat, and qos, and returns a message ID if successful.
5797	Subscribe to device status messages with optional typeId and deviceId parameters, returning the Message ID if successful or 0 if not.
5798	Subscribes to device command messages using specified type, device, command, and message format identifiers.
5799	Publish a command to a device and handle different QoS levels
5800	Unrecognized message received on an unsupported topic.
5801	This internal callback method for device event messages parses the event source device from the topic string and forwards the information to the registered device event callback, handling exceptions appropriately.
5802	Parses a device status message and passes it to a registered callback.
5803	Internal callback for application command messages that parses the source application from the topic string and passes the information to the registered application status callback.
5804	Retrieves the last cached message for a specified event from a specific device.
5805	Retrieves a list of the last cached message for all events from a specific device.
5806	Retrieves and returns bulk devices as JSON if the API call is successful, otherwise raises an exception with the HTTP status code and response text.
5807	This method sends a POST request to initiate a device management request and returns the JSON response if the request is successful; otherwise, it raises an ApiException.
5808	Get a list of or an individual device management request device statuses based on provided parameters.
5809	Force a flush of the index to storage and destroy the handle, raising an IOError if the index is unclosable.
5810	Returns the number of objects that intersect the given coordinates.
5811	Returns the k-nearest objects to the given coordinates according to a spatial index.
5812	Returns the bounds of the index based on the specified or default interleaved coordinate order.
5813	Deletes items from the index with the given ``'id'`` within the specified coordinates.
5814	Given an iterable stream of data, this function creates an index by populating it with pointers to individual entries.
5815	Returns a string with the loaded data, or raises an error if not overridden.
5816	Delete an item from a container using its object and coordinates.
5817	Checks for errors in the result and raises an exception if an error is found
5818	Import or return the specified application.
5819	Initializes a Flask application with Common, configures WhiteNoise and Cache, and adds before_request and after_request callbacks to track response time and add 'X-Powered-By' and 'X-Processed-Time' headers.
5820	Boots a development server with Flask if debug mode is on, otherwise boots a production server with Gunicorn.
5821	Converts a value to a native format using DRF <=2.3.14.
5822	Crops an image to the specified width and height based on the primary point of interest and the aspect ratio of the original image.
5823	Return a BytesIO instance of `image` cropped to `width` and `height`.
5824	Returns a BytesIO instance of `image` that fits within a bounding box of specified width and height.
5825	Invert the colors of an image and return it as a BytesIO instance.
5826	Ensure data is prepped properly before handing off to ImageField.
5827	Ensure the field's placeholder image is saved to the correct storage location with the specified directory name.
5828	When saving an instance of a model with a VersatileImageField, the ``pre_save`` method will update the primary point of interest (ppoi) field before saving the instance.
5829	Updates the ppoi field of the given instance immediately before it is saved.
5830	Handle data sent from MultiValueField forms that set ppoi values.
5831	Method that returns a formfield with default settings overridden by caller-provided arguments, handling specific cases for certain widgets.
5832	Converts a model field to a string for serialization, using the appropriate method based on Django version.
5833	Discover versatileimagefield.py modules by iterating over django.apps.get_app_configs() and handle import errors gracefully.
5834	Unregister the SizedImage subclass currently assigned to `attr_name`.
5835	Unregister the FilteredImage subclass currently assigned to attr_name
5836	Return the appropriate URL based on certain conditions.
5837	Build the filters and sizers for a field based on its name and storage configuration.
5838	Method returns the location where filtered images are stored.
5839	Method returns the location where sized images are stored, constructed from the original folder and filename.
5840	Returns the location where filtered + sized images are stored.
5841	Delete files in `root_folder` that match the given regex before the file extension.
5842	The `preprocess` method preprocesses an image by rotating it according to its EXIF orientation and calling any image format-specific preprocessors if defined, returning the preprocessed image and additional keyword arguments for saving.
5843	Process a PIL Image instance of a GIF and return a tuple containing the original image and a dictionary for transparency settings.
5844	Receive a PIL Image instance of a JPEG and returns 2-tuple with the image converted to RGB and a dictionary containing the quality setting.
5845	Return a PIL Image instance along with its file extension, format, and MIME type based on the given path.
5846	Save an image to `self.storage` at the specified `save_path` using the given `imagefile`, `file_ext`, and `mime_type`.
5847	Return PPOI value as a string with each element separated by '__' and dots replaced by dashes.
5848	Create a resized image based on the given dimensions and format, and save it to the specified path.
5849	Render the widget as an HTML string.
5850	The main logic for the widget's context rendering, including handling both template rendering and manual context construction.
5851	Construct an attribute dictionary by combining base attributes with optional extra attributes.
5852	Return a path to a resized image based on the given dimensions and filename key.
5853	Returns the 'filtered path' for a given image path and filename key
5854	Validate a list of size key tuples and ensure they are in the correct format.
5855	Build a URL from `image_key` by accessing attributes of nested image objects.
5856	Retrieve a validated and prepped Rendition Key Set from settings.VERSATILEIMAGEFIELD_RENDITION_KEY_SETS
5857	Converts a raw instruction into a human-readable text representation.
5858	Generator that yields the string representation of a function line by line, optionally formatting function parameter and return value information and local variables.
5859	Decodes raw bytecode, yielding `Instruction`s.
5860	Decodes raw WASM modules, yielding `ModuleFragment`s and optionally decoding name subsections.
5861	Deprecate a function, printing a warning on the first usage.
5862	Connect to the server using the specified protocol, host, and port, and set up a callback for when the connection is made.
5863	Close the connection and cancel any associated pinger task.
5864	Parse and return an AGI response as a dictionary.
5865	Handle an incoming FastAGI request and route it to the appropriate handler.
5866	Parse AGI results using Regular expression.
5867	Checks the AGI code and returns a dictionary to help with error handling.
5868	Mostly used for unit testing. Allow to use a static uuid and reset all counter.
5869	Return a string representation of instances for debugging
5870	Parse and gather metadata from a package directory's setup.py file.
5871	Get primary key properties for a SQLAlchemy model.
5872	Deserialize a serialized value to a model instance, either creating a new transient instance or finding an existing one in the database.
5873	Retrieve the related object from an existing instance in the DB.
5874	Updates declared fields with fields converted from the SQLAlchemy model passed as the `model` class Meta option.
5875	Deserialize data to internal representation using provided session and optional instance.
5876	Splits serialized attributes in a dictionary to separately pass association proxies and regular kwargs, handling Python versions < 3.6.0.
5877	Deletes old stellar tables that are not used anymore.
5878	Takes a snapshot of the database
5879	Returns a list of snapshots with their names and creation times in a human-readable format.
5880	Restores the database from a snapshot, either the latest or a specified one.
5881	Remove a snapshot
5882	Renames a snapshot while checking for its existence and avoiding overwriting an existing snapshot with the same name.
5883	Replaces an existing snapshot with a new one.
5884	Updates the shuffle indexes after each epoch.
5885	Defines a function to clean text using various preprocessing steps.
5886	Apply a function to a list of elements in parallel using multiprocessing.
5887	Return a function that cleans and tokenizes text according to the given parameters.
5888	Combines the cleaner and tokenizer to process the input text.
5889	Apply cleaners and tokenizers to text data in parallel.
5890	analyze document length statistics to determine a padding strategy based on a heuristic percentage
5891	Gets a pandas dataframe with word counts sorted by frequency.
5892	Performs param type mapping with logic for handling different types and sub-types, defaulting to 'str' if no mapping is found.
5893	parses the conduit.query json dict response and returns a dictionary with parsed interface information
5894	Return the inverse of the bidict, creating it if necessary.
5895	Update items with rollback functionality.
5896	Return a shallow copy of the current bidict instance.
5897	Perform a shallow copy of an ordered bidict.
5898	Return True if the current object is equal to another object based on order-sensitive equality check.
5899	Yield the inverse items of the provided object, either by calling its `__inverted__` attribute if it exists or by inverting each item in the object if it's a mapping or iterable.
5900	Removes all items from the instance.
5901	Move an existing key to the beginning or end of an ordered bidict.
5902	Creates a new temporary file, writes initial text to it, and returns the file name.
5903	Retrieves a list of contacts from one or more address books based on a search query, with options for sorting and grouping.
5904	Merge command line arguments into a configuration object.
5905	Load all address books with the given names from the config.
5906	Prepare the search query string from the given command line args and return a dict mapping abook names to their loading queries.
5907	Create a new contact in a selected address book from either stdin or a file, optionally opening it in an editor after creation.
5908	Formats and prints a sorted list of birthdays from a list of vCard objects in either a human-readable or machine-readable format.
5909	Parse and filter a list of vCard contacts based on search terms and print them in a phone application-friendly table format.
5910	Print a user-friendly contacts table in either human-readable or machine-readable format based on the input parameters.
5911	Modifies a contact in an external editor based on input from stdin or a file, optionally upgrading the contact's vCard version if necessary.
5912	Remove a contact from the addressbook with confirmation unless forced.
5913	Open the vcard file for a contact in an external editor.
5914	`merge_subcommand` function merges two contacts into one, selecting the contacts based on either a unique target UID or search terms, and then performs the merge operation.
5915	Copy or move a contact to a different address book.
5916	This function searches for the name of an action associated with a given alias and returns it if found, otherwise returns None.
5917	Method for converting a boolean configuration value in a configobj.ConfigObj object.
5918	Create a new and empty contact using the provided parameters.
5919	Create a new contact from an existing .vcf file.
5920	Create a new contact from user input and process it.
5921	Use this method to clone an existing contact and replace its data with new user input in one step, creating a new contact object.
5922	Get a specific part of the "N" entry in a vCard as a list of strings, handling cases where the part may not exist or be empty.
5923	Adds categories to a vCard object.
5924	Parse and classify different types of values into standard and custom categories, as well as determine the preference level.
5925	Converts a list of strings and nested lists into a string, recursively, using a specified delimiter.
5926	Convert a string representing a date to a datetime object.
5927	Calculate the minimum length of initial substrings of uid1 and uid2 for them to be different.
5928	Generator that searches for all contacts matching a query in various fields and yields them.
5929	Method for searching contacts by name matching a given query.
5930	Search for contacts with a matching UID.
5931	Search for contacts in this address book based on a query and specified search method.
5932	Create a dictionary of shortend UIDs for all contacts by finding the shortest unique prefix for each contact's UID.
5933	Return the shortest UID for the given UID or an empty string if no match is found.
5934	Returns a generator of vcard file paths that match the specified search criteria.
5935	Load all vcard files in this address book from disk, optionally filtering by a search string and handling errors in parsing.
5936	Method for retrieving an address book by its name.
5937	Dictionary of architectures for assembling via keystone
5938	Dictionary of architectures for disassembling via capstone
5939	Get argspec from a function with relaxed checks for Cython compatibility.
5940	Parses command-line arguments using an `argparse` parser, calls the corresponding function, and prints or returns the result.
5941	Prompts user for input, handling encoding differences between Python 2 and 3.
5942	Encodes a given value to a string format compatible with the output file's encoding requirements in Python 2.x, and returns the original value in Python 3.x.
5943	Adds types, actions, etc. to given argument specification based on default values and choices.
5944	Adds functions as commands to a parser, with optional namespaces and customizable argument parsers.
5945	Function decorator to set a custom command name for a function.
5946	Declares an argument for a function without registering it or modifying it in any way.
5947	Interactive confirmation prompt with customizable default and skip options.
5948	Create a copy of the Query object with optional replacement of filters, order_by, and limit.
5949	When provided with keyword arguments of the form "col=pattern", this function limits the entities returned to those that include the provided pattern, using wildcard characters to match different string patterns.
5950	This function executes a query and returns a key where the results will be stored for pagination and other operations, with a specified timeout for caching.
5951	Return the first result from a query if any
5952	Deletes entities from a database based on a query.
5953	This function handles the deletion of entities in a relational database, ensuring thatReferenced entities are also deleted or modified according to the defined cascade semantics.
5954	A function that performs prefix, suffix, and pattern matching operations using Redis.
5955	Estimates the total work necessary to calculate the prefix match over a given index with the provided prefix in Lua.
5956	Search for model ids that match the provided filters, order the results, and return them based on the specified parameters.
5957	Returns the count of items that match the provided filters.
5958	Tries to retrieve a database connection from a model object, falling back to a global default connection if not found.
5959	This function generates a case-insensitive, punctuation-free, sorted set of unique words from a string input, suitable for use in an inverted index for full-text searching, and optionally encodes the words in UTF-8 if the input is non-string type.
5960	Iterates over entities of a provided model, refreshing their indices in blocks for efficient processing and yielding progression.
5961	Clean out old index data for a given model, reindexing deleted items in Redis.
5962	Adds an entity to the session if the session is not null.
5963	Fetches an entity from the session based on primary key.
5964	This function writes data to Redis using Lua and handles potential errors related to unique key violations, entity deletions, and data races.
5965	Saves the current entity to Redis, optionally performing a full save or re-saving a deleted entity.
5966	Deletes the entity immediately, handles on_delete operations, and applies changes with cascade options.
5967	Return one or more entities of a given type from the session or Redis.
5968	Attach a reducer function to a given type in the dispatch table.
5969	Constructs or retrieves a semaphore with the given name, creating a new one if a value is provided.
5970	Calculates the number of CPUs the current process can use by considering the system's CPU count, CPU affinity settings, CFS scheduler CPU bandwidth limit, and a user-defined environment variable, returning the minimum of these constraints and ensuring it's at least 1.
5971	Safely send back the given result or exception to the result queue, handling any exceptions that may occur during the process.
5972	Evaluates calls from a call queue and places the results in a result queue in a separate process, with options for initialization, resource management, and memory leak detection.
5973	Fills call_queue with _CallItems from pending_work_items, consuming work_ids from a queue and transforming _WorkItems into _CallItems.
5974	Ensures all workers and management thread are running by managing process count and starting the queue management thread.
5975	Wrapper for non-picklable object to serialize them using cloudpickle, which may slow down the serialization process.
5976	Spawns a server process for this manager object and registers a finalizer to clean up resources.
5977	Return a wrapper for an fd that works across processes.
5978	Method that returns the current ReusableExecutor instance, dynamically resizing it if necessary, and creating a new one if the previous instance is broken or arguments have changed.
5979	Wait for the cache to be empty before resizing the pool.
5980	Return information about the parent process needed by a child process to unpickle and initialize itself.
5981	Try to prepare the current process with the given data by setting its name, authentication key, logging configuration, system path, command-line arguments, current working directory, original directory, semaphore tracker PID, and initializing the main function from a name or path.
5982	Closes all file descriptors except those specified in `keep_fds`.
5983	Terminate a process and its descendants, handling the case where psutil is not installed.
5984	Recursively kill the descendants of a process before killing it.
5985	Return a formated string with the exitcodes of terminated workers.
5986	Formats a list of exit codes into a string, appending the names of the signals where possible.
5987	Run a semaphore tracker that registers and unregisters semaphores based on commands from a file descriptor, handling process termination signals and cleaning up unused semaphores.
5988	Ensures that a semaphore tracker process is running by checking its status, relaunching it if it is not, and setting up file descriptors for communication.
5989	Processes events by printing them to the console or a file, including the event type, file name, line number, and argument (if any).
5990	Handles running the program, displaying the program counter and offset, or stating that no program is running.
5991	Closely emulates the interactive Python interpreter by creating an instance of `code.InteractiveConsole` and invoking its `interact()` method with a custom read function if provided.
5992	Split a command line's arguments in a shell-like manner and return them as a list of lists, handling nested commands and quoted strings.
5993	Returns a stack of frames for debugging purposes, optionally excluding certain frames based on the debugger settings.
5994	Run each function in `hooks' with args
5995	Reset the state variables of the command processor.
5996	Evaluates the input argument and returns its integer value if it's convertible, otherwise returns None.
5997	Ensure the input argument is an integer within the specified range, or return the default value and report an error if not.
5998	Handle debugger commands by setting up, locating context, processing each command in a loop until a leave condition is met, and executing post-command hooks.
5999	Arrange for a file of debugger commands to be read in the process-command loop, handling readability checks and errors.
6000	Returns the next token and the position of the next blank after it in a given string, or the length of the string if it's the last token.
6001	Common routine for reporting debugger error messages with optional verbose output and abort functionality.
6002	Read a command from the input, increment the input line number, and optionally log the command with its location.
6003	Closes both input and output connections and sets state to 'disconnected'.
6004	Disassemble a code object using the provided parameters.
6005	Disassembles byte string of code, showing disassembly with optional highlighting and filtering based on line numbers and offsets.
6006	Calculate the number of stack frames from the current frame to the last frame.
6007	Determines if the previous frame was a call function and returns its name if so, otherwise returns None.
\end{document}
6008	Print count entries of the stack trace.
6009	This method searches for a subcommand in a dictionary based on a given prefix and a minimum abbreviation length.
6010	Show short help for a subcommand.
6011	Adds a subcommand to the available subcommands for this object.
6012	Run a subcommand with arguments using the current environment.
6013	Debugger function that enters the debugger with specified options for handling stack frames, line events, and post-mortem analysis.
6014	Show short help for all commands in a specified category.
6015	Process and display line number information based on the current frame and provided arguments.
6016	Finds and returns the first frame that is a debugged frame by traversing the frame stack and checking for the presence of 'f_trace'.
6017	Inverts the mapping of thread IDs to names in the threading module.
6018	If `arg` is an int, use that otherwise take the default value.
6019	Return True if arg is 'on' or 1 and False if arg is 'off' or 0, otherwise raise ValueError.
6020	Set a Boolean-valued debugger setting based on the provided arguments.
6021	Set an Integer-valued debugger setting based on user input, with optional min and max value constraints.
6022	Generic subcommand displaying a boolean-valued debugger setting.
6023	Display integer value for a setting.
6024	Displays the value of a setting in a debugger object.
6025	Check if the current line is a definition statement.
6026	Return True if the current line is a class definition statement.
6027	raise Mexcept.DebuggerQuit
6028	Get background from default values based on the TERM environment variable
6029	Determines if the given RGB color is considered "dark" based on a midpoint threshold.
6030	Return suitable frame signature based on the function name, filename, and first line number.
6031	Lists all display items and returns a formatted list, or 0 if none are found.
6032	Returns a list of strings representing active items in a given frame based on their signature and enabled status.
6033	Format a display item based on its enabled status, format string, and argument.
6034	Method for reading a message unit from a connection, buffering and unpacking data as needed.
6035	Set breakpoint at current location or specified frame.
6036	Handle undefined subcommand by displaying an error message and suggesting available subcommands.
6037	Parse arguments and run a frame command based on the value(s). Returns False
6038	Try to pretty print a simple case where a list is not nested. Return True if we can do it and False if not.
6039	Find the corresponding signal name for a given number.
6040	Return the corresponding signal number for the given name, or None if the name is invalid.
6041	Input: The given input is a code snippet for a Python function named `canonic_signame`. Output: The function appears to return a canonical signal name for a given signal name or number. It looks up the signal number using the `lookup_signum` function. If the input is not a valid signal number or not a number at all, it returns `None` or `False` accordingly. If the input is a valid signal name or number, it returns the canonical signal name. If the name does not start with 'SIG', it adds 'SIG' to the beginning of the name.
6042	Replace a signal handler and pass the signal to the debugger's handler
6043	Check if any of the signal handlers we are interested in have changed or are not initially set, and adjust them accordingly.
6044	Prints information about a signal, showing all signal handlers if no specific signal is provided.
6045	Delegates actions specified in 'arg' to other methods, processes signals, and adjusts signal handlers accordingly.
6046	Set whether printing is enabled or disabled when a specific signal is caught.
6047	Handle a signal by printing method, stack trace, stopping execution, or passing the signal along to the program.
6048	Given a file name, extract the most likely module name by removing the extension.
6049	Searches for a file in a list of directories and returns the full pathname if found.
6050	Performs a shell-like path lookup for the given Python script and returns the absolute path if found in the specified directories, or returns the original script name if not found.
6051	List all Python files in the caller's directory, excluding __init__.py
6052	Writes a message to a debugger connected to the server.
6053	Report the execution status of the program. If the program is running, report whether it is stopped, what event caused the stop, and any return values or exceptions. If the program is not running, report that it is not currently running and provide the program's execution status. Returns False.
6054	Return a list of commands arranged in aligned columns.
6055	Enter debugger read loop after your program has crashed.
6056	Closes both socket and server connection.
6057	This method is used to write a message to a debugger, ensuring the message is sent in packets if it exceeds the maximum packet size.
6058	Completes an arbitrary expression by suggesting possible completions based on the current namespace and the given prefix, handling both simple names and attribute chains.
6059	Invoke a debugger command from inside a Python shell called inside the debugger.
6060	Add functions to the list of functions that should not be debugged.
6061	Convert a filename to its canonical representation.
6062	Return the base filename or the given filename depending on the basename setting.
6063	Check if debugging is in progress by verifying if the tracer is started, the trace hook is not suspended, and a hook is found for the trace dispatch.
6064	Does the magic to determine if we stop here and run a command processor or not.
6065	Sets the next event to stop on within a given frame, while considering all events and initializing various stopping conditions.
6066	A mini stack trace routine for threads.
6067	Get file information and display details such as cache status, canonic name, and specific file contents based on the provided arguments.
6068	Check whether a breakpoint set by function name should trigger based on the current frame.
6069	Delete a breakpoint by number and filename/line index, removing it from the list if present.
6070	Removes a breakpoint from the debugger based on its number, returning success status and an optional message.
6071	Enables or disables all breakpoints based on the provided boolean argument, returning a message indicating which breakpoints were affected.
6072	Enables or disables a breakpoint based on its number.
6073	Removes all breakpoints at a given filename and line number and returns a list of removed breakpoints' numbers.
6074	Set the input file for reading based on the provided input type.
6075	Reads a line of input from the user, raises an EOFError if the input is empty, and returns the input without the trailing newline character.
6076	Prompt the user for confirmation and return `True` if they reply affirmatively, `False` otherwise.
6077	Adds a token named 'SPACE' to the lexer for each sequence of one or more whitespace characters.
6078	Adds a 'NUMBER' token to the current position with the value of the input string converted to an integer.
6079	Wrap a SQLAlchemy query object into a `concurrent.futures.Future` for use with tornado's asynchronous framework.
6080	Restore an original login session by validating a signed session and logging in the corresponding user.
6081	Import a module and fetch an attribute from it, raising an error if the module or attribute is not found.
6082	Iterate over documents in a Luminoso project in turn, optionally including expanded fields and showing a progress bar.
6083	Handle arguments for the 'lumi-download' command, interact with the Luminoso API to download documents, and optionally save the API token.
6084	This function reads a JSON or CSV file, converts each entry into a JSON string, writes it to a temporary file, and returns the file object for reading the JSON stream.
6085	Deduce the format of a file (CSV, JSON stream, or JSON) and load it accordingly.
6086	Normalize data for upload to the Luminoso Analytics system, specifically handling date formatting.
6087	Converts a date in a given format to epoch time.
6088	Detect the file's encoding using a sample of its first megabyte.
6089	Convert a JSON file/stream to a generator, yielding one object at a time.
6090	Convert a file in some other encoding into a temporary file that's in UTF-8.
6091	Open a CSV file, handle UTF-16 encoding, and read its contents with appropriate processing.
6092	Convert a CSV file into a sequence of dictionaries with encoded and normalized text.
6093	Converts a file to a JSON stream.
6094	Returns an object that makes authenticated API requests at a specified URL using a saved or specified long-lived token.
6095	This code saves a long-lived API token to a local file, optionally specifying the domain and file where the token should be stored.
6096	HTTP request with error handling.
6097	DELETE request to a specified path with optional parameters, returning the JSON-decoded result.
6098	Poll the API every `interval` seconds until there is not a build running, and returns the "last_build_info" field of the project record if the build succeeded, and raises a LuminosoError with the field as its message if the build failed.
6099	Returns the root URL for a given URL, ensuring it has the correct scheme and path.
6100	Obtain the user's long-lived API token, save it in a local file, and return it.
6101	This interface is used to make a request of the specified type and expect a JSON object in response, raising a LuminosoAPIError if the result has an error, and returning the contents of the 'result' value otherwise.
6102	Make a POST request to the given path with data in its body, returning the JSON-decoded result.
6103	Return a new LuminosoClient for a subpath of the current one.
6104	Get the ID of a default accessible account.
6105	Get the API documentation sent by the server
6106	Waits for an asynchronous task identified by `job_id` to complete by polling the Luminoso API endpoint, repeatedly querying until the task is finished or a timeout occurs.
6107	Retrieves the raw text of a response for specific URLs.
6108	Print a JSON list of JSON objects in CSV format.
6109	Read parameters from.input file, -j, and -p arguments, in that order.
6110	Simplifies a document by keeping only the 'text', 'metadata', and 'title' fields and raising an error if the 'text' field is missing.
6111	Given an iterator of documents, the function creates a Luminoso project and uploads the documents to it, optionally showing a progress bar and waiting for the project to build before returning the project status.
6112	A function that takes a client, input filename, language, and name, and uploads the documents to a project using the LuminosoClient.
6113	Handle arguments for the 'lumi-upload' command and upload documents to a project using an API client.
6114	Given a file-like object containing a JSON stream, upload it to Luminoso with the given account name and project name, optionally appending to an existing project or creating a new one.
6115	Upload a file to Luminoso with given account and project name. Verifies conversion to JSON stream and uploads it.
6116	Handle command line arguments to upload a file to a Luminoso project as a script.
6117	Obtain a short-lived token using a username and password, and use that token to create an auth object.
6118	Set up an HTTP session with a random user-agent and log in.
6119	Log in to Enedis using provided credentials.
6120	Get data from the Enedis API using a POST request with specified parameters and handle different response codes and potential errors.
6121	Fetch the latest data for hourly, daily, monthly, and yearly periods from Enedis.
6122	Load the view class from the dotted view name and set initial properties for the view on first load.
6123	Initialize the view with properties and handler.
6124	Handle GET requests, caching for websockets.
6125	This method handles messages received from enaml.js, decodes the JSON message, and updates the corresponding node in the view based on the message type and name.
6126	When pages change, updates the menus by grouping links and setting them as attributes.
6127	Generate the handlers for this site
6128	Handles incoming events from JavaScript, looks up the corresponding node in an Enaml viewer, and triggers the appropriate action or update on that node.
6129	Send a WebSocket message with the value from an Enaml event to the client's browser.
6130	Create the toolkit widget for the proxy object.
6131	Initialize the state of the toolkit widget and set various properties based on the widget's declaration.
6132	This destructor clears the reference to the toolkit widget, removes it from its parent (if any), and deletes it from the cache, while also calling the superclass's destructor to perform any necessary cleanup.
6133	Handles the "child added" event by inserting the child toolkit widget in the correct position within its parent component.
6134	Handles the "child removed" event from a compilation by unparenting the child toolkit widget and updating the parent's widget list.
6135	Get the child toolkit widgets for this object.
6136	Set or remove an attribute of a widget based on its value.
6137	Updates the proxy widget when the Widget data changes.
6138	If a change occurs with an active websocket connection, notify the websocket client of the change.
6139	Find nodes matching the given XPath query.
6140	Prepare for rendering by setting attributes and initializing if necessary.
6141	Initialize the widget with the source or call the parent class method if no source is provided.
6142	Sets the source by parsing it and inserting it into the component, then reinitializes the widget.
6143	If the mode changes, refresh the items.
6144	Handle changes to the 'objects' list of the Include, updating the block and its children accordingly.
6145	Updates the referenced block when its children change, handling both destruction and reparenting of child blocks.
6146	Read the contents of a file located relative to setup.py
6147	Print an error message and exit with a specified status code.
6148	Print an error message for parsing errors and exit with status -1
6149	Returns an item object from the menu by name, ignoring case sensitivity.
6150	Clear out the current session on the remote and setup a new one, then return a response.
6151	The function clears the current store, retrieves a cookie, and sets the cross-site request forgery token for subsequent requests, returning a response.
6152	Search for nearby Dominos pizza stores using a search term.
6153	Initialises the delivery system on the remote with a store ID, postcode, and fulfilment method.
6154	Retrieves and returns the menu from the selected store.
6155	Add an item to the current basket based on its type and optionally specify a variant and quantity.
6156	Method to add a pizza to the current basket using the specified item, variant, and quantity, and return the response from the API.
6157	Method to add a side item to the current basket with a specified quantity.
6158	Remove an item from the current basket using its index.
6159	Method to set the payment method for a purchase.
6160	Process a payment using the selected payment method and return the response.
6161	Method to make a HTTP GET request to the Dominos UK API.
6162	Method to make a HTTP POST request to the Dominos UK API with the given parameters for the current session.
6163	HTTP request to the Dominos UK API with the given parameters for the current session.
6164	Add an item to the end of the menu, remove the exit item if present, increase the screen size if necessary, and redraw the menu.
6165	Add the exit item if necessary. Ensure there aren't multiple exit items. Returns True if item needed to be added, False otherwise.
6166	Redraws the menu and refreshes the screen based on changes.
6167	Handles user input to navigate or select items in a list.
6168	Select the current item, run it, and handle its actions and cleanup.
6169	Parse an old-style menuData dictionary and return a CursesMenu.
6170	Return the top or bottom N rows of a DataFrame sorted by a specified column, optionally grouped by one or more columns.
6171	Get the top or flop N results based on a function and a column value that agregates the input, and return the original DataFrame including only lines corresponding to the top groups.
6172	Convert a string column in a DataFrame to a datetime column using a specified format.
6173	Convert datetime column in dataframe to string column with specified format
6174	Converts the format of a date column in a DataFrame.
6175	Convert column's type into specified type
6176	This function creates rank columns based on numeric values to be ranked, optionally grouping by other columns.
6177	Generate a waterfall chart dataframe from a input pandas dataframe.
6178	Apply basic mathematical operation between two columns or numbers in a dataframe and create a new column with the result.
6179	Rounds each value in a specified column of a DataFrame to a given number of decimal places, optionally creating a new column to store the rounded values.
6180	Dataframe with absolute numeric values of a specified column added or existing column replaced.
6181	Pivot a data frame by creating a new data frame where one dimension is the unique values of one column and the other dimension is the unique values of another column, and the cells contain the average of the values in the original data frame.
6182	Pivot a dataframe by group of variables, creating new columns based on group names.
6183	Aggregate values in a DataFrame by specified columns using different aggregation functions and flatten the resulting multi-indexed columns if necessary.
6184	Deprecated function to calculate the cumulative sum of a column in a DataFrame, grouped by specified columns and indexed by a date column.
6185	Add missing rows to a DataFrame based on a reference column, filling in specified columns and handling different methods for interpolation.
6186	Helper for constructing a decorator to catch exceptions and log information.
6187	Decorator to log a message before executing a function.
6188	Decorator to measure and log the execution time of a function.
6189	Decorator to log the shapes of input and output dataframes.
6190	Replaces data values and column names in a DataFrame according to specified translations for a given locale.
6191	A function that computes the cumulative sum for specified columns in a DataFrame, grouped by specified ID and reference columns, with an option to keep additional columns.
6192	Helper function for aggregating data to reproduce "All" category for requester
6193	Get the value of a function's parameter based on its signature and the call's args and kwargs.
6194	Remove old entries from the cache beyond a specified limit.
6195	A function that creates aggregate values based on a given hierarchy by grouping the data at different levels and performing a specified aggregation operation.
6196	Returns a DataFrame with the rows corresponding to the maximum value in the specified column, optionally grouped by one or more columns.
6197	Dataframe with rows corresponding to the minimal values in a specified column, optionally grouped by one or more columns.
6198	Fill NaN values in a specified column of a DataFrame with either a given value or values from another column.
6199	Add a human-readable offset to a given date object and return the resulting date, handling different units like weeks, months, and years.
6200	Adds a specified number of months to a given date, adjusting for leap years and invalid dates.
6201	Adds a specified number of years to a given date, adjusting the day if necessary to the last day of the month if the original day does not exist in the new year.
6202	Parses a date string according to a specified format and may apply an offset.
6203	Filter dataframe based on date criteria.
6204	Add a column to the dataframe with the percentage of each group.
6205	Optimize parameters using SGD, AdaGrad, or AdaDelta optimization methods.
6206	Generate optimization updates based on training parameters and gradients.
6207	Return the parameters of a network to be optimized while optionally freezing certain parameters based on a configuration.
6208	The method `optimization_updates` returns updates for optimization by calling `optimize_updates` and extending the `free_parameters` list of the network with new parameters, then logging the number of added free parameters.
6209	The function computes the first glimpse position by down-sampling the input image, projecting it onto a weight matrix, optionally sampling from a Gaussian distribution, and updating the weight gradient accordingly.
6210	Initialize neural network layers and parameters.
6211	Builds a computation graph for a neural network that computes a final cost by combining autoencoder and classification costs, along with error rate, and registers monitors for these values.
6212	Processes all data in the train, valid, and test sets with the given function.
6213	Converts the target sets to one-hot vectors.
6214	Prints dataset statistics including the number of examples in the training, validation, and test sets.
6215	The method `train` is used to train a model using mini-batches, evaluate it periodically on validation and test sets, and log the training progress.
6216	Samples outputs from a language model (LM) based on given input for a specified number of steps.
6217	The function `compute_alignments` calculates the alignment weights for a given previous state and precomputed values, incorporating an optional mask to ignore certain positions.
6218	The context vector is computed using soft attention by aligning past states with inputs and then summing the weighted inputs.
6219	Returns the concatenation of input tensors along the specified axis, handling both `NeuralVariable` and general tensors.
6220	Pads the sequences in the training, validation, and test sets to the specified length on the left or right side.
6221	Implement the core of the RMSProp optimization algorithm.
6222	Report elapsed time in minutes.
6223	Runs the model with validation data and returns costs.
6224	This function is called after each iteration and updates metrics, comparing them to the best performance so far and saving a checkpoint if there's an improvement.
6225	Build inner loop variables by creating dummy tensors and mapping them to appropriate variable types.
6226	Run an internal scan with dummy input variables and retrieve the output as a dictionary of NeuralVariable objects.
6227	Given a set of parameters and gradients, it performs SGD optimization with momentum and returns the updates and free parameters.
6228	Returns `then_branch` if in training mode, otherwise returns `else_branch`.
6229	Skip N batches in the training and optionally N epochs.
6230	Load parameters for training, resume progress if available.
6231	Train a model on a training set, validate on a validation set, and optionally test on a test set, yielding the costs at each epoch.
6232	Run one training iteration of the neural network by updating the weights based on the training set and logging the training progress.
6233	Run one valid iteration, update best parameters if improvement is significant, and return whether to continue training.
6234	Reports the scores and records them in the log.
6235	Retrieves the specified split of data (train, valid, or test).
6236	Apply a function to tensors with an optional dimension.
6237	Produce a report of used training parameters with optional logging.
6238	Compute the variance of a tensor along a specified axis.
6239	Create neural variables from dataset based on data type and split.
6240	Returns a shared theano scalar value based on the input type.
6241	Stack encoding layers and add them to the encoding layers list.
6242	Stack decoding layers.
6243	Encode given input by computing it through a neural network.
6244	decode a representation using a neural network
6245	Create a 2D Gaussian kernel with the given dimensions and standard deviation, and return it as a normalized numpy 2D array.
6246	Registers a layer for training while preventing its output from being stacked.
6247	Monitors the outputs of each layer, appending the mean of the absolute values to training monitors.
6248	Returns all parameters, including both fixed and free parameters.
6249	Sets up input variables and initializes outputs.
6250	Return network output after compiling and computing with the given inputs.
6251	Saves parameters to file with an option to save in a new thread.
6252	Load parameters from a file, optionally excluding free parameters, and update the model accordingly.
6253	Print network statistics.
6254	Register parameters and increment the parameter count based on the shape of the parameter values.
6255	Register updates to be executed in each iteration.
6256	Register training updates to be executed only during the training phase.
6257	Internal method to register monitors with names and Theano variables.
6258	Compute the L2 norm of multiple tensors.
6259	Writes a pickled element to a file followed by a blank line.
6260	load contents from file_obj, returning a generator that yields one element at a time
6261	Load parameters to block from specified path.
6262	Creates |oauth2| request elements based on the provided parameters and request type.
6263	Decode the state and return the specified parameter value.
6264	Override the method to fix Facebook's naming deviation by handling the "expires" field and setting the "token_type" if it's 'bearer'.
6265	Filter client ID and secret from request parameters for access token requests.
6266	Handle user login using OpenID provider, updating user information if necessary, and rendering a login template with the result.
6267	Replace all single-item iterables in a dictionary with their first element.
6268	Converts list of tuples to dictionary with duplicate keys converted to lists.
6269	Parse response body from JSON, XML or query string and return a dictionary, list, or XML element respectively.
6270	Imports a provider class by name or directly.
6271	Method for creating the value for the Set-Cookie HTTP header.
6272	Adds the session cookie to headers and handles cookie size limits.
6273	Extracts the session data from a cookie and returns it deserialized, or an empty dict if no cookie is found.
6274	Gets session data lazily, caching and defaulting to an empty dictionary if deserialization returns nothing.
6275	Creates signature for the session using HMAC with SHA1 digest.
6276	Converts a value to a signed string with a timestamp using serialization, encoding, and concatenation.
6277	Check if the credentials are valid and not expired.
6278	Check if credentials expire sooner than the specified number of seconds.
6279	This interface converts the credentials to a percent-encoded string for storage and retrieval.
6280	Return true if string is binary data.
6281	Return the whole response content, decoding it from binary to UTF-8 if necessary.
6282	Creates |oauth1| request elements.
6283	This method accesses user information, retrieves the email in a separate request, and updates the response data with the primary email address if available.
6284	Decorator for Flask view functions
6285	Performs the OpenID authentication procedure, either before or after a redirect, and creates a user object if authentication is successful.
6286	Return a session key string generated using the settings prefix, object name, and provided key.
6287	Saves a value to session.
6288	Generates a CSRF token using a random string and a secret, and returns a portion of the hashed result.
6289	Logs a message with a pre-formatted prefix using the Python logging module.
6290	Checks if a HTTP status code falls within a specified category based on its hundreds digit.
6291	Splits the given URL into its base and parameters converted to a list of tuples.
6292	Decorator to wrap a Sanic route with Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) configuration.
6293	Modifies a response object by setting CORS headers based on the given request and options.
6294	Returns a dictionary of CORS-specific configurations for an app instance.
6295	A more flexible str function which intelligently handles stringifying strings, lists and other iterables. The results are lexographically sorted to ensure generated responses are consistent when iterables such as Set are used.
6296	Wraps scalars or string types as a list, or returns the iterable instance.
6297	Check if two floating-point numbers are approximately equal, considering both relative and absolute tolerances.
6298	Deprecates a function and emits a warning when it is called.
6299	Attempts to deserialize a bytestring into an audio segment object.
6300	Returns an AudioSegment object from the given file based on its file extension, throwing an error if the extension is incorrect.
6301	Converts a numpy array to an AudioSegment, handling both mono and stereo audio.
6302	Executes a platform-independent `Sox` command on an audio segment, storing the input in a temporary file, running the command, and another temporary file containing the processed audio.
6303	Removes silence from an audio segment using the 'sox' program.
6304	Transforms the indicated slice of the AudioSegment into the frequency domain and returns the bins and the values.
6305	Yield audio frames of a specified duration from an AudioSegment object.
6306	Return a new AudioSegment object whose values are changed so that their average is `db`, by normalizing the SPL.
6307	Return a new AudioSegment by concatenating the current one with other AudioSegment objects without modifying the current one.
6308	Resample an audio segment to specified sample rate, sample width, and channels.
6309	Serializes an object into a bytestring using pickle.
6310	Calculate and return the frequency spectrum of an audio segment in non-overlapping windows.
6311	Returns the front ID of the offset front with the most overlap with the offsets corresponding to a given onset front ID.
6312	Find the offset front ID that corresponds to the offset front occurring first entirely after the given onset sample index.
6313	Returns the ID of the offset front that occurs first after the given onset front ID, based on the latest onset in the onset front. If no appropriate offset front is found, returns -1.
6314	Find the offset front that contains the most offsets corresponding to the onsets in the given onset front.
6315	It retrieves consecutive and overlapping portions of two frequency fronts, given their indices.
6316	Returns an updated segmentation mask by segmenting between onset and offset fronts, and removes fronts with less than 3 channels wide.
6317	Returns the front ID found in `front` at the given `index`, or -1 if the item is not a 1.
6318	Yields one onset front ID at a time from the given onset_fronts, removing duplicates.
6319	Gets the closest offsets to the onsets corresponding to a specific onset-front.
6320	Removes overlapping points in the fronts array based on the segmentation mask.
6321	Removes all fronts from the input that are smaller than the specified size.
6322	Breaks up onset fronts in the given signal data if the signals between consecutive frequencies are not similar enough, and removes any fronts that are less than 3 channels wide.
6323	Merge all touching segments in a mask.
6324	Returns a list of segmentation masks each with exactly one segment larger than a specified threshold.
6325	Downsamples either the mask or the STFT matrix so that their time dimensions are equal while keeping the frequency dimension unchanged.
6326	Worker for the ASA algorithm's multiprocessing step, converting masks and multiplying them with STFTs, then processing the results and putting them in a queue.
6327	Apply a bandpass filter to the input data using the specified low and high cutoff frequencies, sample rate, and filter order.
6328	Applies a low-pass filter to the input data to remove high-frequency components.
6329	Input-output transformation for creating a TensorFlow input from a dataset.
6330	Standardizes continuous features and expands categorical features while updating headers.
6331	Checks if two edge lists have the same edges regardless of their order when elements are neither hashable nor sortable.
6332	Given a list of audit files, group them based on features with scores that do not deviate more than a specified similarity threshold.
6333	Loads a confusion matrix from a file and stores it in a two-level dictionary format, with repair levels as keys and confusion matrices as values.
6334	Separate the outcome feature from the data by removing the response index column and extracting the corresponding outcome values.
6335	Checks for alternative index-url in pip.conf and updates Index URL if found.
6336	Attempt to detect and list requirements files in the current working directory and its subdirectories.
6337	Resolves all streams on the network and returns a list of StreamInfo objects.
6338	Resolve all streams with a specific value for a given property.
6339	Resolves all streams that match a given XPath 1.0 predicate, optionally with a minimum number of streams and a timeout.
6340	Translate an error code into an exception.
6341	Pushes a sample into the outlet, ensuring the data length matches the channel count and encoding string data if necessary.
6342	Pushes a list of samples into a outlet and optionally pushes it through to receivers.
6343	Retrieve the complete information, including the extended description, of a given stream with a specified timeout.
6344	Open a stream for data transmission with an optional timeout.
6345	Retrieve an estimated time correction offset for a given stream, with the option to specify a timeout.
6346	Retrieves a child element with a specified name from the current XML element.
6347	Returns the next sibling XMLElement in the parent's children list, or the next sibling with a specified name if provided.
6348	Returns the previous sibling of the current element in the parent node's children list, optionally filtered by the provided name.
6349	Set the element's name and return False if the node is empty.
6350	Set the element's value and return False if the node is empty.
6351	Appends a child element with the specified name to the XML element.
6352	Prepends a child element with the specified name.
6353	Append a copy of the specified element as a child.
6354	Prepends a copy of the specified element as a child.
6355	Remove a child element from the current element, specified by name or as an element.
6356	Obtains a list of currently present streams on the network and returns a list of matching StreamInfo objects.
6357	See all tokens associated with a given token.
6358	Shows autocomplete results for a given token.
6359	Computes the edge n-grams of a token from a minimum length, excluding the token itself.
6360	Allow for iterators to return either an item or an iterator of items.
6361	A customized version of imap_unordered that directly sends chunks to a function, improving efficiency by not loading all data into RAM.
6362	Generate a list of fuzzy neighbors for a given word by making various types of modifications such as inversions, substitutions, insertions, and removals.
6363	Computes and prints the fuzzy extensions of a given word.
6364	Compute fuzzy extensions of word that exist in index and sort them by frequency.
6365	Extracts the larger group of interlinked tokens by adding new tokens to the bucket based on many-to-many relations, stopping if the bucket overflows or no relations are found.
6366	Display a help message for a given command or list all available commands with brief descriptions.
6367	Print useful information from a Redis database.
6368	Prints the raw content of a DB key based on its type.
6369	Compute a geohash from latitude and longitude.
6370	Handle a GET request to retrieve and display document information, excluding house numbers and sorting them if present.
6371	Get index details for a document by its id and print the index details for each field if it exists in the document.
6372	Return the document linked to the word with the higher score.
6373	Prints the distance score between two strings separated by '|'.
6374	Send the request using its send method and return its response.
6375	Concurrently sends a list of Requests to Responses using a specified number of workers and handles exceptions.
6376	Get a value of bits between a selected range from an array.
6377	Casts an HArray signal or value to a signal or value of type Bits, ensuring that the size and bit length of the elements match.
6378	Converts a Python slice to a value of SLICE HDL type.
6379	Find files by pattern in directory, optionally recursively.
6380	Check if any item in the iterable equals sigOrVal using the _eq method.
6381	Generate a for loop for static items with support for multiple items and conditional iteration logic.
6382	Logical shifts signal bits left by specified amount.
6383	Returns the number of bits required to store `x-1`.
6384	Does the given number or constant represent a power of two?
6385	Implement a c-like switch statement.
6386	Set up a default case for a switch-like statement
6387	Register signals from interfaces for Interface or Unit instances.
6388	This method is called before the first step of simulation to set up the VCD writer, register interfaces and remaining signals, and end the definitions.
6389	This method logs changes of signal values in a verification environment.
6390	Serialize HWProcess instance and generate HDL code using a method template.
6391	Walks all interfaces on a unit and instantiates agents for each non-external interface, collecting monitor or driver functions to be added to the simulation as processes.
6392	If the interface has an associated clock, return it; otherwise, recursively try to find the clock on the parent.
6393	Yields distinct items from iterable based on the key selector function in the order that they appear.
6394	A function that groups items in a collection based on a key function, similar to itertools.groupby, but without the need for initial sorting.
6395	Flattens nested lists, tuples, generators, and maps to a specified level.
6396	Merges nested IfContainer from else branch to current IfContainer as elif and else branches.
6397	Removes all unconnected signals from a netlist.
6398	Returns true if the process contains only one unconditional assignment, indicating it is too simple to merge.
6399	Try to merge two hardware processes, procA and procB, by checking their structures and merging their statements, inputs, outputs, and sensitivity lists if possible.
6400	Try to merge processes with nearly the same structure of statements into one to minimize the number of processes.
6401	Stores a write request in a list.
6402	Converts a unit to RTL using a specified serializer.
6403	Resolves a name for a process and marks outputs of statements as not hidden. If outputs exist, returns the lexicographically smallest name; otherwise, returns an empty string.
6404	Remove drivers from statements and return filtered statements and separated drivers.
6405	Create a new signal in the context with optional clock and synchronous reset, initializing it with a default value.
6406	Builds an Entity and Architecture instance from a netlist representation by creating entities, generics, ports, removing unconnected signals, marking signal visibility, and integrating architecture components and variables.
6407	Recursively finds and returns the maximum _instId from all assignments in a statement or its sub-statements.
6408	Retrieve the maximum statement ID from a process for sorting.
6409	Writes data to the interface
6410	Flips the directional interface.
6411	This method loads declarations from a "_declr" method, processes interfaces and parameters, and sets direction for external units.
6412	Generate signals for interfaces that have no subinterfaces, or return existing signals if they exist.
6413	Return the physical name of the entity in HDL format.
6414	Sum of all width of interfaces in this interface.
6415	Get sensitivity type for operator based on its type
6416	Load all operands for the given operator and process them using self._evalFn.
6417	Converts a boolean or bits value to an integer.
6418	Reinterpret bits of a signal to fit a header structure.
6419	Counts the number of complete words between two addresses, adjusted for a given word width.
6420	Groups transaction parts split on words into words based on the given offset.
6421	This method pretty prints an interface, including its signature and nested interfaces, with optional custom prefix and indentation.
6422	Convert transaction template into generator of FrameTmpls with given parameters.
6423	Enumerates words in a frame, yielding tuples of (wordIndex, list of TransParts), with optional padding.
6424	Packs data into a list of BitsVal based on the specified data width.
6425	Clean information about enclosure for outputs and sensitivity of this statement.
6426	Return the set of signals for which a list of statements always has a driver.
6427	Discover sensitivity for a list of signals and update the context with the discovered sensitivity if no event-dependent sensitivity is found.
6428	Get the RtlNetlist context from signals.
6429	Update signal IO after reduce attempt.
6430	Update the inputs, outputs, sensitivity, and enclosed for of the current statement after merging with another statement.
6431	Determines if two statement lists can be merged into one.
6432	Merge statements in list to remove duplicated if-then-else trees and return list of merged statements along with rank decrease due to merging.
6433	Merges two lists of statements into one, handling complex statements with merging logic.
6434	Simplify and merge statements in the list.
6435	After the parent statement becomes event-dependent, propagate the event dependency flag to child statements.
6436	Assigns a parent statement to a handle and updates dependency and context accordingly.
6437	Append statements to this container under conditions specified by condSet
6438	Disconnects the statement from signals and removes it from the RtlNetlist context.
6439	Create a register in the unit with optional default value, clock, and resetspecifications.
6440	Create a signal in a unit, handling nested structures recursively.
6441	Disconnect internal signals so unit can be reused by parent unit
6442	Walk through all simple values in a hierarchical data structure, including fields, unions, and arrays.
6443	Unpacks a given data structure from a byte array.
6444	Converts the sign of the data in a numerical array.
6445	Register sensitivity for a process based on the given conditions.
6446	Evaluates a list of values as conditions and returns a tuple containing a boolean indicating whether all conditions are met and a boolean indicating whether all conditions are valid.
6447	Connects ports of simulation models by name and updates port connections accordingly.
6448	Function to create a value updater for simulation that returns a tuple indicating whether the value has changed and the next value.
6449	Create a value updater for simulation to update the value of an array type at a specific index, and return a flag indicating whether the value has changed and the updated value.
6450	Creates an HDL vector value with the given width and signedness.
6451	Guess resource usage by HWProcess.
6452	Get value of parameter, if it's a `Param`, keep calling `get()` until it's not. If it's an `RtlSignalBase`, call `staticEval()`, otherwise, call `toHVal()`.
6453	Sets the value of the parameter after asserting that it is not read-only and has not been replaced.
6454	Generates a flattened register map for HStruct from a given interface map.
6455	Resolve ports of discovered memories and update resource counts accordingly.
6456	Determine if a signal is indexed and return the indexed signal and its index.
6457	Construct a value of this type by delegating to the value class.
6458	Convert a signal or value to another compatible type.
6459	Casts value or signal of this type to another type of same size
6460	Generator that recursively walks parameter instances on an interface.
6461	Connects a 1D vector signal to a structuralized interface, excluding specified sub-interfaces and handling different data types.
6462	Concatenates all signals of a given interface and its subinterfaces that match a specific direction, while excluding certain signals or interfaces.
6463	Hardcode a ROM into a process by constructing output signals and cases for each value in the ROM's default value.
6464	synthesize all subunits, make connections between them, build entity and component for this unit
6465	Register interface in implementation phase and perform related operations.
6466	Return sig and val reduced by & operator or None if it is not possible to statically reduce expression.
6467	Reduces an XOR expression by simplifying the value if possible.
6468	Return the root of the name space.
6469	Decide whether to serialize an object based on its class and previous serialization state.
6470	Serialize HdlType instance based on its subclass
6471	Srialize IfContainer instance
6472	Determines if a condition is negated and returns the original condition along with the negation flag.
6473	Constructs a SimBitsT with caching
6474	Returns the constant name for a given value, reusing the name if the value has been encountered before.
6475	Cuts off statements that are drivers of a specified signal.
6476	Parses an HArray type to this transaction template instance and returns the end address.
6477	Parse HStruct type to this transaction template instance and return address of its end.
6478	Converts an HDL type to a transaction template instance.
6479	Calculates and returns the width of an item in the original array for transactions derived from HArray.
6480	Walk fields in instance of TransTmpl and generate tuples of bit addresses and TransTmpl instances or OneOfTransaction objects
6481	Converts a negative integer to a positive integer with the same bits set, if necessary.
6482	Merge another statement into this statement by combining their cases and default values.
6483	Retrieves an indentation string based on the given number, caching previous results for efficiency.
6484	Checks if the property is already defined on the object and raises an error if it is.
6485	Register a parameter on an interface level object and resolve its name in the current scope.
6486	Updates parameters in an object from another object based on a provided updater function, excluding certain parameters as specified.
6487	Register a unit object on an interface level object.
6488	This interface is used to register an interface object on an interface level object.
6489	Register an array of items on the interface level object and set their parent and name accordingly.
6490	Return the first driver if there is exactly one driver, otherwise raise an exception.
6491	Recursively evaluate the result of this operator using a static method.
6492	Create an operator with a result signal and register output signals.
6493	Create copy of this context with increased indent
6494	Attempts to connect a source wire to an interface of a specified name on a unit, ignoring the connection if the interface does not exist or already has a driver.
6495	Propagate "clk" clock signal to all subcomponents
6496	Propagate "clk" clock and negative reset "rst_n" signal to all subcomponents.
6497	Propagate clock and reset signals to all subcomponents
6498	Propagate negative reset "rst_n" signal to all subcomponents
6499	Propagate reset signal to all subcomponents.
6500	Iterate over bits in a vector or signal in chunks of a specified size.
6501	Decide not to serialize the given object and return tuple indicating no serialization and the same private data.
6502	Decides to serialize only the first object of its class and returns whether to serialize the current object and updated private data.
6503	Decide whether to serialize an object based on unique parameters and class.
6504	Returns the full name hierarchy for the object separated by '.'
6505	Delegate _make_association on items.
6506	Creates a simulation model for a given unit, connects it with the unit's interfaces, and decorates it with agents.
6507	Create a simulation model for a given unit on a target platform and optionally dump the model to a file or construct it only in memory.
6508	Reconnect model signals to unit signals recursively.
6509	Enables simulation of unit VCDs by sugar syntax, handling output to file or stdout.
6510	Initializes write callbacks for the interface's input and output signals.
6511	Connecting a signal to the port and managing its direction, source, and destination while ensuring it is not already connected to another signal and updating the signal's context and hidden status.
6512	Connect internal signal to port item based on direction.
6513	Connect signal from internal side of component to this port
6514	Return signal inside unit which has this port
6515	Check if a process has event dependency on a signal.
6516	Schedules a process with a specified priority at the current time.
6517	Add an HDL process to the execution queue based on the trigger signal.
6518	Schedule an event to notify agents that the current delta step is ending and combinational logic values are stable.
6519	Apply stashed values to signals and schedule processes with specific priorities.
6520	This function resolves write conflicts for a signal by returning a tuple containing an update function and a boolean indicating whether the update is event-dependent.
6521	Delta step for combinational processes.
6522	Process event-dependent sequences step-by-step, updating signals and handling outputs.
6523	Perform delta step by writing stacked values to signals.
6524	Reads a value from a signal or interface and returns a clone of the value.
6525	Writes a value to a signal or interface, handling type casting and scheduling updates accordingly.
6526	Add a process to events with default priority at the current time.
6527	Runs a simulation for a Unit instance with optional extra processes and a specified duration.
6528	Function to create a variadic operator function that applies a given function to a list of operands.
6529	Converts ternary operators to IfContainers in a list of statements.
6530	Serialize HWProcess objects as VHDL
6531	Compute the Hamming distance between two hash strings.
6532	Compute the average hash of the given image.
6533	Compute the Hamming distance between two images by averaging their hashes and then finding the distance between the hashes.
6534	Set up the Vizio media player platform by configuring host, token, name, volume step, and device type, then create a VizioDevice instance and add it as an entity if setup validation is successful.
6535	Retrieve the latest state of the device, including its power state, volume level, current input, and available inputs.
6536	Mute or unmute the device volume based on the input boolean value.
6537	Increasing volume of the device by a specified step within the maximum volume limit.
6538	Decreasing volume of the device.
6539	Adjust the volume level up or down based on the difference from the current volume, ensuring it does not exceed the maximum allowed volume.
6540	Resets the game state to the starting position.
6541	Gets the piece at the given square.
6542	Remove a piece from a square and optionally add it to the hand.
6543	Sets a piece at the given square by replacing any existing piece and updating various game state data structures.
6544	Checks if a move would leave the king in check or put it into check
6545	Checks if the opponent's king is being attacked, indicating an illegal move.
6546	Checks if the game is over due to checkmate, stalemate, or fourfold repetition.
6547	Check if the current position in a game is a checkmate by ensuring the opponent has no legal moves after the current player's turn.
6548	Check if a position in a game has occurred four times in a row, ending the game.
6549	Restores the previous position and returns the last move from the stack, updating the transposition table and restoring the game state.
6550	Converts the current chess position to an SFEN (Shogi FEN) string representation.
6551	Parses a move in standard coordinate notation, makes the move, and pushes it onto the move stack.
6552	Calculate the Zobrist hash for the current position in a game, considering the board setup, turn, and pieces in hand.
6553	Returns the symbol representation of a chess piece, with uppercase for black pieces and lowercase for white pieces.
6554	Creates a piece instance from a piece symbol, determining the color based on case sensitivity.
6555	Generate an USI string representing a chess move.
6556	Parses an USI string and raises `ValueError` if the USI string is invalid.
6557	Parse a string of commit data into a generator of commit dictionaries.
6558	Parse a single commit and return a dictionary representing the completely parsed commit.
6559	Load config, checking CLI arguments for a config file.
6560	Loads the provided configuration and then runs Django's command line interface with the given arguments.
6561	Adds configuration argument to an existing argparse parser based on the provided config.
6562	Find config file and set values based on filename or environment variables, and load values into the object.
6563	Dumps initial config in YAML with optional overrides and formatted comments.
6564	Generates a markdown document for a class, including its documentation, required and optional values, and default values.
6565	Converts a string to a type requested by `cast_as`.
6566	Returns all dates from first to last included.
6567	A function to parse a date string into a datetime object, handling both %Y-%m-%d and %d %B %Y formats.
6568	Loads file content from a URL or local file, and then parses it based on the file extension.
6569	Fill missing exchange rates for a given currency with the closest available rates and print a warning if any rates are still missing.
6570	Fills missing currency rates using linear interpolation of the two closest available rates.
6571	Gets a currency rate for a given date, providing fallback or raising an error if the date is out of bounds.
6572	Convert an amount from one currency to another using a specified date and conversion rates.
6573	Grouping an iterable into sub-iterables with 'n' elements each, and filling the last sub-iterable with a specified value if necessary.
6574	Animate given frames for a set number of iterations with a specified interval between frames.
6575	Reads the `n`th record from a file, where each record is 1,024 bytes long and records are 1-indexed.
6576	Write `data` to file record `n`; records are indexed from 1.
6577	Maps a specified range of elements from a file into memory, returning the memory map and the number of extra bytes at the beginning.
6578	Return the text inside the comment area of the file.
6579	Add a new array to the DAF file and update the summary record with the start and end word fields.
6580	Close this SPK file.
6581	Compute the component values for the time `tdb` plus `tdb2`.
6582	Close the file and delete any associated data in its segments.
6583	Map the PCK coefficients into memory using a NumPy array.
6584	Compute angles and optionally their derivatives for a given time tdb plus tdb2, using Chebyshev polynomials and coefficients.
6585	Visit a function call and check for logging violations and other issues.
6586	Process binary operations while logging, checking for percent format and string concatenation violations.
6587	Process dictionary arguments by checking against a whitelist and extra exception clauses, then recursively visiting other nodes.
6588	Process f-string arguments and check for violations within logging statements.
6589	Process keyword arguments and check for whitelist and exception violations.
6590	Process except blocks and manage current except names.
6591	Heuristic to decide whether an AST Call is a logging call and return the logging level if it is.
6592	Return the name of an exception from an ExceptHandler node in Python 2 and 3.
6593	Check if the given value has an id attribute and return it, or return the id of the value's value if it exists.
6594	Checks if the node is a bare exception name from an except block.
6595	Reports a violation if the `exc_info` keyword is used with `logging.error` or `logging.exception`.
6596	Deletes a file from the database if it is being replaced by a new file when an instance is saved.
6597	a class decorator that modifies the behavior of a Django widget to display a file name from a URL link
6598	Returns the freshly rendered content for the template and context described by the PDFResponse.
6599	Returns a PDF response with a template rendered with the given context.
6600	Convert a unicode string to a valid ASCII string by escaping certain characters and wrapping it in double quotes.
6601	Sets defaults for ``class Meta`` declarations by extracting from a `module` or passing explicitly as keyword arguments.
6602	Converts a given string from CamelCase to under_score.
6603	Builds all indices listed in a model's Meta class.
6604	Load and parse a .csv file into a list of PriceModel objects with the specified currency.
6605	Loads the content of a text file and returns it as a list of lines.
6606	Parses a CSV line into a price element by extracting the symbol, value, and date, then returns a `PriceModel` object.
6607	Translate the incoming symbol into locally-used mapping.
6608	This method loads all symbol maps from a database into a dictionary.
6609	Reuses the same db session if it exists, otherwise creates a new one.
6610	Add individual price
6611	Load prices from a CSV file into the application.
6612	Display the last price for a given symbol or all securities if no symbol is provided.
6613	Display all prices
6614	Downloads the latest prices for securities listed in the database.
6615	Delete old security prices, keeping only the last entry.
6616	Returns the default session by reading the database path from the configuration file and validating it.
6617	Creates a symbol mapping and saves it to the database.
6618	Displays all symbol maps.
6619	Find the map by in-symbol.
6620	Reads text lines from a file.
6621	maps price entity to PriceModel object
6622	Maps data from a PriceModel entity to a Price object, preparing it for saving.
6623	Read the config file and handle errors if the file does not exist or is not a valid file.
6624	Gets the default configuration template path from resources.
6625	Copy the config template into user's directory and raise an exception if the file cannot be copied.
6626	Returns the path where the active config file is expected, which is the user's profile folder.
6627	Reads the contents of the config file
6628	Sets a value in config
6629	Retrieves a configuration value from a specified section and option.
6630	Saves the config file with its contents.
6631	Splits the input symbol into namespace and mnemonic, updating the object's namespace and mnemonic attributes and returning them.
6632	Creates a new price record by mapping a PriceModel to an entity and adding it.
6633	Adds or updates a price entity in the database based on the provided price object.
6634	Download and save price information online.
6635	Returns the current db session and initializes it if not already done.
6636	Fetches all the prices for the given arguments and returns a list of PriceModel objects.
6637	retrieves the latest price on a specific date for a given symbol and namespace
6638	Prune historical prices for all symbols, leaving only the latest. Returns the number of items removed.
6639	Delete Except Last.
6640	Downloads and parses the price from the specified financial source.
6641	Returns a list of security objects based on the given filters.
6642	Return partial of original function call
6643	Replace child nodes on original function call with their partials.
6644	Descend depth first into all child nodes.
6645	Remove nodes for original test functions from root node.
6646	Verifies that a part that is zoomed in on has equal length to the corresponding part in the solution, raising a message if they do not match.
6647	Test if the AST of the student's code matches the AST of the correct solution or provided code.
6648	Tests if the student typed a (pattern of) text.
6649	Checks whether a student has imported a package or function correctly, considering different import styles and alias options.
6650	Search for a pattern in student output and provide feedback if not found.
6651	Check if the correct printout occurred in the student's solution.
6652	Check whether the submission did not generate a runtime error and report it if found.
6653	Test multiple choice exercise and compare the student's selected option with the correct answer, updating the state with feedback messages.
6654	Check whether a particular function is called and verify its arguments and return value.
6655	Retrieve a value from a process and return it along with the original result, handling exceptions by returning the exception as a string.
6656	Overrides the solution code with a new one provided as input.
6657	Check whether an object is an instance of a certain class.
6658	Return a copy of the instance, omitting entries that are equal to EMPTY.
6659	Dive into nested tree, setting the current state as a state with a subtree of this syntax tree as student tree and solution tree.
6660	Getter for Parser outputs with caching.
6661	Check if the given state has a context loop with the specified target variables and incorrect message.
6662	Loops over each context manager in a with statement to allow for easier calling of has_context.
6663	The function `check_part` checks if a given part is present in a state and asserts its correctness with custom messages if not found or expanded incorrectly.
6664	Return child state with indexed name part as its ast tree.
6665	Check whether a function argument is specified and provide feedback if missing.
6666	Prepares a state object for checking a function definition of a lambda function by replacing the function name in the call string and overriding the way the function call is referred to in the expand message.
6667	Return the true anomaly at each time.
6668	Initializes the extension with a Flask app by setting up LDAP configuration and attaching teardown handlers.
6669	Configures the extension with a given configuration dictionary and sets default values for various LDAP settings.
6670	Add an additional server to the server pool and return the freshly created server.
6671	Remove a connection from the appcontext.
6672	Closes any open connections after a request.
6673	An abstracted authentication method that decides whether to perform a direct bind or a search bind based on the login attribute configured in the config, and returns an AuthenticationResponse.
6674	This interface performs user authentication using direct bind with provided username and password, returning an AuthenticationResponse object with the result.
6675	Authenticate a user using LDAP by searching for their DN and then attempting to bind with their credentials. This method returns an AuthenticationResponse indicating the success or failure of the authentication attempt.
6676	Returns a list of LDAP groups for a user at the specified distinguished name.
6677	Gets info about a user specified at dn.
6678	Get information about a user by their username from an LDAP directory.
6679	Method to retrieve an object from LDAP using a specified DN, filter, and attributes.
6680	Return a bound ldap3.Connection to the server.
6681	Make a connection to the LDAP Directory.
6682	Create and configure an LDAP connection, optionally binding with specified credentials and contextualizing for application use.
6683	Destroys a connection by removing it from the appcontext and unbinding it.
6684	def search(self, query=None, args=None): Returns search results for a given query by searching across all fields if no query is provided.
6685	Search for labels by key and/or value, displaying either the containers they contain or a count of containers.
6686	Query a GitLab artifacts folder for a list of images or list all things if query is None.
6687	Performs a search to list all successful jobs and their associated zip artifacts, providing URLs for browsing them.
6688	A function for the client to announce itself based on the specified level, informally logging the client and database names if not in quiet mode.
6689	The method `announce` checks if a command is not in a predefined list and if the client is not in quiet mode, then it calls the `speak` method.
6690	Sets up Google Drive secrets and root directory for the client.
6691	Update headers with optional new fields, resetting if necessary.
6692	This method checks if the client has the required secrets file and parameters, and prints an error and exits if not.
6693	Download a file from a given URL, stream it to a temporary file, and rename it to the target file name upon successful completion.
6694	Download a file from a URL and stream it to a local file, handling errors and updating a progress bar.
6695	Updating headers with an ECR token for authentication.
6696	Creates a folder at the drive root if it doesn't already exist, or returns the existing folder.
6697	Attempts to read a detail from a response, defaulting to the reason if not found.
6698	Gets or creates a bucket using the provided client and bucket name.
6699	This method updates the client secrets and API base based on a secrets credential file.
6700	Obtain transfer and access tokens and use them to create a transfer client.
6701	Load the secrets credentials file with the Globus OAuthTokenResponse and transfer response
6702	Retrieves logs for a specific container or the most recent log if no name is provided.
6703	Returns a list of log files from a bucket where the file names end with ".log".
6704	Creates an endpoint folder, catching and logging an error if it already exists.
6705	This method initializes a transfer client for the user using the provided credentials and access token.
6706	Returns a list of all objects with custom properties value type set to container.
6707	print the status for all or one of the backends.
6708	Adds a variable to a configuration with optional force flag to override existing values.
6709	Remove a variable from the config if found.
6710	Activates a backend by updating the configuration file and printing a confirmation message.
6711	Delete a backend and update the secrets file.
6712	Update the base based on the provided image name by detecting the registry and updating the self.base accordingly.
6713	Generate a base64 encoded header for authentication using a username and password.
6714	Generate a HMAC signature for a given payload and secret using SHA-256 digestmod.
6715	Generate a header signature for client authorization by encrypting the payload with the client secret, timestamp, and other metadata.
6716	Send a DELETE request to a specified URL and return the response.
6717	Method to perform a HEAD request on a URL, typically for retrieving status codes.
6718	Fetches and concatenates paginated results from a given URL.
6719	Verify will return True or False to determine whether to verify requests calls or not. If False, a warning message will be displayed indicating that this should not be done in production.
6720	Deletes an image from a Singularity Registry after prompting user for confirmation unless force is True.
6721	Reads the version from a file and returns a lookup dictionary containing global variables.
6722	Retrieve and format installation requirements from a lookup dictionary.
6723	Function determines the singularity version by first checking an environmental variable, then trying to execute the 'singularity --version' command, and returning None if not found.
6724	Checks if a given software, or singularity by default, is installed and performs an action accordingly.
6725	Method returns the installation directory of the application
6726	Return the robot.png thumbnail from the database folder, or a user-exported image if available.
6727	Run a command using subprocess and return the output and return code.
6728	This method wraps around a main client.get_metadata function, parsing a Dropbox FileMetadata object into a dictionary and passing it on to the primary function.
6729	This method updates dropbox secrets by retrieving a token from the environment, creating a dropbox client, and verifying the account is valid.
6730	This method prints the output from a builder's response to the console and optionally writes it to a file.
6731	Kill an instance.
6732	List a specific log for a builder, or the latest log if none provided.
6733	return a listing of collections that the user has access to
6734	Establishes a connection to a Swift object storage service based on the configured authentication type.
6735	It checks for the existence of a specific environment variable, retrieves its value using a helper method, and exits with an error if the variable is not found.
6736	This method `get_client` determines the appropriate client based on the driver of interest and initializes it with optional parameters.
6737	Provide an IPython shell for the user, optionally with a specific endpoint.
6738	Returns a dictionary of manifests for a given repository, including schema versions 1 and 2, and optionally image layers and configuration, with a specified digest or the latest version if not provided.
6739	Gets an image manifest for a specific repository and tag, with options for different manifest versions.
6740	Determines the cache directory for downloading layers, prioritizing user settings and defaulting to a temporary directory if not specified.
6741	Extracts the environment from the manifest and formats it as a string of export commands.
6742	Updates the base settings including the GitLab URL, API endpoint, artifacts folder, and job configuration.
6743	Update secrets by updating metadata required for pull and search.
6744	Return a dictionary containing metadata for a job including GitLab folder, API base, GitLab base, and job ID
6745	Get all settings for a particular client if a name is provided, or across all clients.
6746	Call self._get_and_update_setting and exit the program if the setting is None or an empty string.
6747	Just updates a setting without returning anything.
6748	Authorizes a client by encrypting the payload with the client token and generating a signature for authentication.
6749	List builders or instances for the project and zone, and display their names and statuses.
6750	Retrieve and return templates based on a partial name match.
6751	Get the IP address of an instance by retrying up to three times with a delay.
6752	Run a build by inserting an instance and retry if there is a failure.
6753	Returns a list of container objects based on the metadata field "type" with value "container," and alerts the user if no containers are found.
6754	List all objects with custom metadata value of "container" and their sizes.
6755	List images for an external resource using the `ls` command.
6756	This function shares images from a remote registry to a specified contact using the SREGISTRY client.
6757	Initializes the database with a given path or a default path, sets up the database engine and session, and creates all the database tables.
6758	Get the default build template from a specific location.
6759	Handle search queries for images and list relevant endpoints or containers based on user input and parameters provided.
6760	Lists all available endpoints for the user to select from.
6761	List files within a specified endpoint, optionally filtering by a query string.
6762	Returns a shareable link for a specified image using the Dropbox API.
6763	Function to read client secrets file or use default if not found.
6764	Initializes and returns versions of Google Compute and Storage services.
6765	Deletes an object from a specified bucket in a storage service.
6766	Deletes a file or image from Google Storage using its name.
6767	Stop and remove a compute instance by name.
6768	Get a dictionary of subparsers from an argument parser to help with printing help.
6769	Method generates a robot name using a descriptor, noun, and random numbers, separated by a given delimiter.
6770	Returns a temporary directory based on user input and a prefix, optionally creating it if it does not exist.
6771	Extracts a Tar archive to a specified output folder, with an option to handle whiteout files.
6772	Extract an archive using the blob2oci script and return the result.
6773	Generate a SHA256 hash for the contents of a file
6774	Read file from disk with specified mode and return content.
6775	Read in a JSON file and return the data structure as a dictionary.
6776	Deletes a list of files if they exist.
6777	Pushes an image to an S3 endpoint with specified metadata.
6778	Gets or creates a collection in the database.
6779	Returns a collection object with the given name if it exists, otherwise returns None.
6780	Retrieves a container based on the provided name, collection ID, tag, and version.
6781	List local images in the database, optionally with a query.
6782	Returns a dictionary containing details of a local image in the database, including its collection, metrics, and timestamp.
6783	Renames an image by moving it to a new path while maintaining the original directory structure and updating the URI in the database.
6784	This method moves an image from its current location to a new path.
6785	Removes an image from the database and filesystem.
6786	Adds an image to the database, either from a local file or a URL, and updates any existing container with the same name and version.
6787	Push an image to a Singularity Registry.
6788	Extracts and optionally cleans up the value of a specified header from a recipe file.
6789	Parses a single file to find and validate a recipe, updating an existing manifest with the recipe if it meets certain criteria.
6790	Copy a list of files to a temporary folder, compress into a .tar.gz, and rename the file based on its hash. Return the full path to the renamed .tar.gz file in the temporary folder.
6791	Run a build, retrying if there is failure
6792	Update the metadata of a Google Cloud Storage blob with artifact file name, dependencies, and image hash based on a successful Google build response and configuration.
6793	Convert a name to lowercase and remove special characters (except for those defined in "special_characters").
6794	Determine if color should be added to a print based on whether being run in a terminal and support for ASCII.
6795	Determine if a logging level should output to stderr.
6796	write will write a message to a stream, first checking the encoding
6797	Prints a table of entries using the provided rows and column width.
6798	Push an image to a Globus endpoint.
6799	Return a default template for a given name if it exists in a dictionary, otherwise return None.
6800	Retrieve the image manifest for a given repository and tag using the AWS client, and store it in `self.manifest`.
6801	This method returns a particular build template based on the specified package manager or a default template if none is provided.
6802	Update client secrets and API base from a credentials file or environment variable, and handle missing settings or custom caching.
6803	Generate a string representation of a class instance based on its arguments and non-default keyword arguments.
6804	Translate S3 errors to FSErrors.
6805	Create a S3File backed with a temporary file.
6806	Builds a gravatar URL from a user object or email address
6807	Builds a URL to a Gravatar image based on an email address with optional parameters for size, default image, rating, and security.
6808	Returns True if the user has a gravatar, False if otherwise.
6809	Constructs a secure or insecure Gravatar profile URL based on the provided email address and security preference.
6810	Generator for blocks for a chimera block quotient.
6811	Construct a block-quotient graph from a given graph and blocks using specific acceptability functions.
6812	Returns a set of resonance SMILES strings for a given SMILES string.
6813	Enumerates and returns all possible resonance forms of a given molecule using specified flags and constraints.
6814	Applies a series of Normalization transforms to correct functional groups and recombine charges, returning the normalized molecule.
6815	Applies a normalization transformation to a molecule multiple times until no changes occur or a maximum of 20 attempts, returning the lexicographically first product if multiple unique products are generated.
6816	Return the canonical tautomer of a molecule by enumerating and scoring all possible tautomers.
6817	Validate a given SMILES string and return a list of log messages using default validations.
6818	Break covalent bonds between metals and organic atoms under certain conditions, adjusting charges accordingly.
6819	Convert a SMILES string to its standardized canonical form.
6820	Return a set of tautomers as SMILES strings, given a SMILES string.
6821	Standardize and find the canonical tautomer SMILES string for a given SMILES string.
6822	Returns a standardized version of the given molecule through a series of RDKit and MolVS transformations.
6823	Return the tautomer parent of a given molecule.
6824	Return the largest organic covalent unit in a given molecule.
6825	Return the stereo parent of a given molecule by removing stereochemistry information from tetrahedral centers and double bonds.
6826	Return the isotope parent of a given molecule by replacing all atoms with the most abundant isotope for that element.
6827	Return the uncharged version of a given molecule's fragment parent by standardizing and uncharging the molecule.
6828	Return the super parent of a given molecule, which is the largest fragment uncharged and with isotope, stereochemistry, and tautomer information discarded, and finally canonical.
6829	Main function for molvs command line interface that handles different commands like standardize and validate, with options for input/output files and types.
6830	Removes specified fragments from a molecule.
6831	Return the largest covalent unit based on the number of atoms, molecular weight, and SMILES string.
6832	Integration of an IVP problem of van der Pol oscillator, with options to plot and save the results.
6833	Retrieves and saves statistics from a specified GitHub organization based on given credentials.
6834	Retrieves the number of members of the organization and prints a message.
6835	Retrieves and returns the number of teams in the organization, storing each team's JSON data in a dictionary.
6836	Retrieves information about repositories in the current organization, including details like contributors, forks, stargazers, pull requests, issues, languages, and commits.
6837	Retrieves the number of contributors to a repo in the organization and adds them to a unique contributor list and a contributors JSON.
6838	Retrieves the number of open and closed pull requests on a repo in the organization.
6839	Retrieves the number of closed issues for a given repository.
6840	Checks if the given GitHub repository has a ReadMe file and returns "MD" if it does, otherwise returns "MISS" or ".Hit search limit. Sleeping for 60 sec."
6841	Checks if the given repo has a top level LICENSE file and returns its path if found, otherwise returns 'MISS'.
6842	retrieves the number of commits to a repo in an organization by checking if previous commits are saved and retrieving only new commits since the last saved date or all commits if there are no previous commits or they are from a different date.
6843	Writes stats from the organization to JSON, handling list data if necessary.
6844	Updates the total.csv file with current data, including the number of repositories, members, teams, unique contributors, and other metrics.
6845	Updates languages.csv file with current data
6846	Checks if a directory exists, and creates it if it doesn't.
6847	Removes all rows with a specific date from a CSV file, defaulting to today's date.
6848	Return a list of the names of US Government GitHub organizations.
6849	Creates a github3.py session for a GitHub Enterprise instance using a provided URL and optional token, raising an error if connection fails.
6850	Checks if GitHub API rate limit is exceeded and waits for reset if necessary.
6851	Creates a GitHub session for making requests and handles authentication based on the provided URL and token.
6852	G yields GitHub3py repo objects for provided orgs and repo names.
6853	Retrieve an organization by name, prompting for input if necessary.
6854	Writes stargazers data to file with optional file path, date, and organization parameters.
6855	Create CodeGovProject object from GitLab Repository.
6856	Convert a DOE CODE record to a CodeGovProject object.
6857	Convert a license name to its corresponding object.
6858	Retrieves traffic data for the repositories in a given organization using GitHub's developer API.
6859	Retrieve the releases for a given repository in JSON format and store it in an instance variable.
6860	Retrieves and stores referrers data in JSON and CSV formats, updating totals and unique counts as necessary.
6861	Retrieves data from JSON and stores it in a supplied dictionary, distinguishing between 'clones' and 'views' types.
6862	Writes traffic data to a JSON file in a specified directory.
6863	Writes all traffic data to file.
6864	Checks csv file against json data to remove redundant entries and returns the count of rows from the file.
6865	Writes a dictionary to a file, appending to the file if it already exists, with a header if the file is new.
6866	Writes the referrers data to file in a specific format, including date, organization, referrer, and counts with logarithmic transformation.
6867	Converts a DOE CODE .json file into DOE CODE projects and yields records.
6868	Function that takes a URL and API key as input, retrieves the DOE CODE JSON data from the URL, and yields the records as DOE CODE projects.
6869	Yeilds DOE CODE records based on provided input sources.
6870	Performs a login using the providedusername and password, sets the Github object, handles Two Factor Authentication, and stores the authentication token in a CREDENTIALS_FILE.
6871	Retrieve the emails of the members of an organization, storing them with case-insensitive login keys.
6872	Writes the user emails to the specified file path in a sorted order by username.
6873	Establishes and returns a connected Bitbucket session with the given URL, username, and password.
6874	Connects to a GitLab session using the provided URL and token, or an environment variable, and returns the session.
6875	Yield GitLab project objects for all specified repos or all repos if none are specified.
6876	Returns the number of lines of code (SLOC) in a Git repository using the cloc tool.
6877	Compute the labor hours required for a given number of source lines of code using the COCOMO II model.
6878	Prune "None" or empty string values from dictionary items.
6879	Reads a 'pretty' formatted GraphQL query file and returns a one-line string.
6880	Submit a GitHub GraphQL query from a file and return the result as a JSON style dictionary.
6881	Sends a curl request to GitHub using either the GraphQL or REST API, returning the response status, headers, pagination data, and body.
6882	Wait until the given UTC timestamp with optional verbose printouts.
6883	Makes a pretty countdown.
6884	Load a JSON data file into the internal JSON data dictionary. If no file path is provided, the stored data file path will be used.
6885	Write internal JSON data dictionary to a JSON file, optionally updating the stored file path.
6886	Creates a TFS connection context with the provided URL and token.
6887	Create a client for a Team Foundation Server Enterprise connection instance.
6888	Factory that creates a core client for a Team Foundation Server Enterprise connection instance.
6889	Creates a TFS Git Client to pull Git repo info from a specified URL using an optional token, falls back to an environment variable if none is provided.
6890	Factory that creates TFS TFVC Client to pull TFVC repo info using a URL and token.
6891	Returns a list of all git repos for the supplied project within the supplied collection.
6892	Retrieve all TFVC branches for the specified project in the given collection.
6893	Fetches the last year of commits from a GitHub organization's repositories and saves them to a file.
6894	Calculate and update total commits over time by iterating through weekly data and adjusting balances.
6895	Writes the weeks with associated commits to a file.
6896	The `configure` function instantiates and configures metrics backends based on the provided configuration list, logging any exceptions and optionally raising them, and updates the metrics interface accordingly.
6897	Return a MetricsInterface instance with a name based on the given thing and extra parameters.
6898	Records a timing value for a specific metric.
6899	Contextmanager for computing and logging timings in milliseconds.
6900	Decorator that can be used to measure the execution time of a function and record it with optional tags.
6901	Generate a tag for use with the tag backends according to specific rules.
6902	Report a timing.
6903	Report a histogram.
6904	Roll up statistics and log them at specified intervals.
6905	This interface is used to create an annotation value for sorting queryset elements by the order of specified enum members.
6906	Convert a string from the database into an Enum value.
6907	Convert a string from a form into an Enum value.
6908	Convert an Enum value into a string for the database.
6909	Resolve a path within an object hierarchy, returning the set of elements that match the path.
6910	Project USLs onto a dictionary of allowed terms.
6911	Compute the mean value of a set of data.
6912	Record an event with the meter, updating counters and rates.
6913	Returns the mean rate of events per second since the start of the process.
6914	Record an event with an increment based on the previous event's value.
6915	Sends a metric and optionally its snapshot by serializing them and adding them to a buffer for buffered sending.
6916	Serialize and send available measures of a metric.
6917	Compose a statsd compatible string for a metric's measurement.
6918	Adds a metric to a buffer and sends it if the buffer size threshold is reached.
6919	Get a configuration value from a section, raising MissingSetting if unset.
6920	Convert input data to a utf-8 encoded string for safe JSON decoding.
6921	Fetch value from configuration or set default if it doesn't exist.
6922	Converts a set of human codes to a dictionary of code to ExactOnline GUID mappings.
6923	Get the current division and return a dictionary of divisions for user selection.
6924	Converts a list of ExactOnline invoice numbers to a dictionary mapping to foreign invoice numbers, optionally limiting the input list and handling missing values.
6925	Solve a Sudoku puzzle in place by converting it into a SAT problem and using a solver.
6926	Create a Django class-based view from an injector class by creating a handler, applying HTTP methods, and returning the view function.
6927	Create a Django form processing class-based view from an injector class.
6928	Create a Flask method-based dispatching view from an injector class.
6929	Create a DRF class-based API view from an injector class.
6930	Create a DRF generic class-based API view from an injector class.
6931	Create DRF model view set from injector class.
6932	Recieve a streamer for a given file descriptorusing asyncio and StreamReaderProtocol.
6933	Handles the read event of the file descriptor, reading data and passing it to the protocol for handling, or closing the connection if the end-of-file is reached or an error occurs.
6934	Handling the actual closing of a connection, including pausing reading and calling connection lost.
6935	Finalize closing by calling the protocol's connection_lost method and then closing the file descriptor.
6936	Add a new watching rule with a specified path and flags, and optionally an alias.
6937	Stops watching a given rule by removing the associated watch descriptor, FD, and aliases.
6938	Registers an alias for a file path with inotify and stores the watch descriptor and alias mapping.
6939	Starts the watcher and registers new watches based on the provided requests.
6940	Coroutine that fetches an event, handling removed watches and decoding path data.
6941	Responding to NSQD that more time is needed to process the message
6942	Update the timer intervals for consecutive successful calls, ensuring they do not go below zero.
6943	Called to update timers for a failed call.
6944	Closes all connections and stops all periodic callbacks
6945	Determines when buffered messages should be processed and responded to based on the number of in-flight messages and the last ready count.
6946	Connects to an NSQ daemon at the specified address and port, handling various connection events and reconnection attempts.
6947	The method queries a lookupd service to retrieve information about a topic using an HTTP GET request.
6948	Dynamically adjusts the maximum number of in-flight connections for a reader, disables all connections if set to 0.
6949	Called when a message has reached the maximum number of attempts and logs that it is giving up on the message.
6950	Listen for an event with a specified callback and store it.
6951	Stops listening for a named event using a specified callback.
6952	Executes callbacks for listeners on a specified event with supplied arguments.
6953	Publishes a message to an NSQ topic.
6954	Transforms the feature data of a dataset by applying a specified mode and degree.
6955	Making predictions based on input data and a machine learning model, handling different input modes and logging warnings for invalid input.
6956	Return the sigmoid value of the input using the theta function.
6957	Parses Trimmomatic log file and retrieves statistics about cleaning length and amount of trimming performed.
6958	Removes unwanted temporary files from the working directory, including unpaired fastq files and specific fastq files based on the value of the "clear" parameter.
6959	Merges the default adapters file in the trimmomatic adapters directory and returns the path to the merged file.
6960	Runs Trimmomatic with the provided parameters and logs the output.
6961	Parse a samtools depth file and create a dictionary with coverage per position for each plasmid.
6962	Parse depth files from bowtie, process, and generate JSON reports for pATLAS.
6963	Sets the path to the appropriate Jinja template file based on the provided template argument and raises an exception if the template file is not found.
6964	Sets the main channel names based on input and output channel suffixes and the lane.
6965	Returns the raw channel and specification for a given process INPUT_CHANNEL, potentially overriding the default INPUT_TYPE.
6966	Wrapper to the jinja2 render method from a template file
6967	returns a populated template string based on the current context.
6968	General purpose method that sets the main channels for a process by appending the process ID to input, output, and status channel prefixes and adding additional information to the context using keyword arguments.
6969	Updates the main forks attribute with the sink channel destination and modifies the forks and output channel accordingly.
6970	Sets a secondary channel by forking it into one or more channels and updating the forks attribute with the new channels.
6971	Updates the directives attribute of a process from a dictionary object, ensuring only certain allowed attributes are updated.
6972	General method for setting the input channels for the status process based on a list of channels and a specified operator.
6973	Sets the main input channels of the pipeline and their forks.
6974	Adds secondary inputs to the start of the pipeline.
6975	Sets the initial definition of the extra input channels based on a dictionary input, updating process parameters and appending channel configurations to a context dictionary.
6976	Attempt to retrieve the coverage value from the header string by searching for the first float value from the end of the string split by "_".
6977	Parse an assembly fasta file and populate the `contigs` attribute with data for each contig.
6978	Calculates and returns the GC content and proportions of a given DNA sequence.
6979	Filters the contigs of the assembly according to user-provided comparisons and stores the filtered contig IDs and test results in the `Assembly` object.
6980	Total length of the assembly, excluding filtered contigs.
6981	Writes the assembly to a new file, optionally filtering out certain ids.
6982	Writes a report with the test results for the current assembly to a file.
6983	Recursively removes nested brackets from fork strings using regular expressions.
6984	Performs two sanity checks on a pipeline string: ensuring each fork contains a lane token '|' and has no duplicated processes within the same fork.
6985	This method performs all the sanity checks on the given pipeline string by removing all spaces, and then calling a list of check functions to validate the pipeline definition.
6986	Parse a pipeline string into a list of dictionaries representing the connections between processes.
6987	This function returns the lane of the last process that matches the given fork process.
6988	Return list of lists, with the list of processes for each lane extracted from a pipeline string after a fork split
6989	Connects a linear list of processes into a list of dictionaries representing the links between them.
6990	Establishes the connection between a process and the lanes to which it forks, increasing the lane counter for each subsequent lane.
6991	Replace process names in a pipeline string with unique identifiers and return the modified string along with a dictionary mapping the unique identifiers back to the original process names.
6992	Removes unique identifiers and replaces them with original process names in the parsed pipeline list.
6993	Checks whether the trace and log files are available.
6994	Parses the trace file header and retrieves the positions of each column key, returning a dictionary mapping column IDs to their positions.
6995	Converts a hms string into seconds.
6996	Converts a size string (e.g., '30KB', '20MB') into the corresponding size in bytes.
6997	Parses the .nextflow.log file and retrieves the complete list of processes.
6998	Reset and clear various attributes and statuses when re-executing a pipeline.
6999	Checks if the channels to each process have been closed and updates the barrier status accordingly.
7000	Read in and return the contents of a log file into a list, with each line as a list entry.
7001	Assess whether CPU load or memory usage exceeds the allocated values for a given process and return warnings for excessive loads or RSS.
7002	This method updates the process stats dictionary with new stat metrics from the processes' information.
7003	Parses the nextflow log file and updates the submitted number of samples for each process.
7004	Wrapper method that continuously updates class attributes from trace and log files, handling retries for file parsing errors.
7005	Displays the default pipeline inspection overview using curses interface with keybindings and exception handling.
7006	Curses scroll functionality that adjusts `top_line` based on the given `direction` while ensuring it stays within the valid range.
7007	Horizontal padding adjustment for curses-based text display
7008	Return a list with the last `n` lines of the nextflow log file.
7009	Prepares and returns a dictionary containing static information such as pipeline files and configuration files.
7010	Open the .treeDag.json file in the current working directory and return its contents as a dictionary.
7011	This function calculates the hash by combining the hash of the entire Nextflow pipeline file with the hash of the current working directory, hostname, and hardware address.
7012	Gets the nextflow file path from the nextflow log file by searching for the first occurrence of the nextflow pipeline file name.
7013	Split fasta sequences into files based on minimum size and sample ID.
7014	Parses a nextflow trace file, searches for processes with a specific tag, and generates a JSON report with the relevant information.
7015	Brews a given list of processes according to the recipe and returns the final pipeline string and list of process strings.
7016	Returns a pipeline string from a given recipe name by iterating over modules in the recipes subpackage and matching the provided recipe name with the name attribute in the Recipe classes.
7017	Method that iterates over all available recipes and prints their information to the standard output, optionally providing the pipeline string along with the recipe name.
7018	Validate that the pipeline string does not contain forbidden characters.
7019	u Builds the upstream pipeline of the current process by checking for and adding upstream processes to the current pipeline fragment if they were provided in the process list.
7020	Builds the downstream pipeline of the current process by recursively checking for and adding related processes to the pipeline.
7021	Builds the possible forks and connections between the provided processes by looping through tasks, checking upstream and downstream pipelines, and updating the list of forks accordingly.
7022	Converts a string of tasks into a pipeline definition for input into the workflow generator.
7023	Generates a component string based on the provided parameters and directives
7024	Writes a report from multiple samples, including trimming statistics and visualizations, and saves it to specified output file.
7025	Main executor for parsing trimmomatic log files, storing the results, and writing a report.
7026	Removes whitespace from the assembly contig names and returns the path to the new assembly file.
7027	Cleans temporary fastq files, removing their link sources if they are symlinks.
7028	Parses Abricate output files and adds them to the class instance, logging a warning if any file does not exist.
7029	Parses a single abricate output file and populates the `Abricate.storage` attribute with entries based on the file's contents.
7030	Returns a generator that yields filtered entries from the storage based on the provided filters and optionally the specified databases and fields.
7031	Try to retrieve the contig id from the given contig string using regular expressions, returning the original string if no valid id can be found.
7032	Generate JSON data for plotting gene boxes based on abricate file entries.
7033	Writes the JSON report data to a file with specific formatting.
7034	Generates an assembly report for the given sample, including summary statistics and optional coverage data.
7035	Parses an assembly file in FASTA format and populates the `Assembly.contigs` attribute with data for each contig.
7036	Generates a CSV report with summary statistics about the assembly.
7037	Takes a sliding window size as input and returns the mapping between sliding window points and their contigs, as well as the x-axis position of each contig.
7038	returns the GC (guanine-cytosine) proportion of a given string
7039	Calculate a sliding window of the GC content for the assembly
7040	Method to execute the skesa template with given parameters and handle output and cleanup.
7041	Writes a JSON report containing quality statistics for two datasets based on specified categories and methods.
7042	Returns the index from a boolean list that minimizes the number of True elements at the extremities by finding the first occurrence of a True element followed by two False elements. If no such occurrence is found or if the list has only False elements, it returns 0 or the length of the list, respectively.
7043	Assess the optimal trim range for a given FastQC data file by parsing the *'Per base sequence content'* category and determining biased nucleotide positions for trimming.
7044	Return the optimal read trim range for the 3' and 5' ends of paired-end FastQ reads based on the 'Per sequence GC content' from the FastQC data report files.
7045	Parses a FastQC summary report file and returns it as an ordered dictionary.
7046	Checks the health of a sample from the FastQC summary file by parsing the file and testing whether the sample passes or fails based on specific criteria.
7047	Parses a bowtie log file and populates attributes with data from the log.
7048	Parses process string and returns name and directives as a dictionary.
7049	Automatically adds a dependency process to a pipeline, adjusting input and output lanes and process IDs accordingly.
7050	Function to search the process tree backwards for a specific process template within given parent lanes.
7051	Adds a header to the master template string using the header template.
7052	Adds the footer template to the master template string
7053	Sets the main channels for the pipeline by parsing the `processes` attribute, setting input/output channels and main input forks, updating the main input channel of the first process in each lane, checking for the presence of secondary channels, and updating them.
7054	Sets main and extra raw inputs for the first process in the pipeline.
7055	Sets the secondary channels for the pipeline by iterating over the `secondary_channels` dictionary and setting up secondary links for each source and lane.
7056	Compiles status and report channels for the status compiler process, checks for duplicates, and sets the compiler channels.
7057	Returns a formatted nextflow resources string from a dictionary object.
7058	Returns the nextflow containers string from a dictionary object
7059	Returns the Nextflow params string configuration from a dictionary object.
7060	Returns a formatted string of merged nextflow parameters from a dictionary object
7061	Generate the nextflow manifest config string to include in the config file from the information on the pipeline
7062	This method iterates over processes in the pipeline to update Nextflow configuration files with directives for each process, rendering various configuration templates.
7063	Writes a tree like dictionary to a JSON file.
7064	Write the pipeline and its attributes to a JSON file for rendering a graphical output showing the DAG.
7065	Writes all configuration files to the pipeline directory.
7066	Export pipeline parameters as a JSON to stdout by iterating over the pipeline processes and collecting each component's params dictionary.
7067	Export pipeline directives as a JSON to stdout, skipping the first init process.
7068	Export all dockerhub tags associated with each component given by the -t flag.
7069	Builds and writes the nextflow code for a pipeline.
7070	Returns a kmer list based on the provided kmer option and max read length.
7071	Executes the metaspades assembler with specified parameters and handles output.
7072	Generate a hash based on the reports JSON file or nextflow pipeline.
7073	Parses a Nextflow trace file, identifies new "report" tasks, and updates the report queue accordingly.
7074	Updates the run status by parsing the nextflow log file if its size has changed since the last update.
7075	Sends a PUT request with a batch of report JSON files from the report_queue attribute.
7076	Sends a POST request to initialize live reports using the provided report ID.
7077	Sends a DELETE request to the broadcast address to close the connection and handle potential errors.
7078	Return the path to a reformatted adapter file for FastQC, or None if the input file does not exist.
7079	Run FastQC on a pair of FASTQ files with optional adapter file and specified number of CPUs, and generate summary and data files for each file.
7080	Sends dictionary to output JSON file if populated, otherwise does nothing.
7081	Convert a mash distance text file to a json file based on a hash cutoff.
7082	Write a JSON file ``.versions`` based on the metadata and functions present in a given template script.
7083	Method to convert mash screen output to JSON format and filter results based on median coverage depth.
7084	Outputs the given message in the specified color.
7085	This function takes a dictionary of process attributes and prints lists of components or user-specified components to stdout, using the `logger.info` method and `colored_print` function for formatting.
7086	Collect all available processes, store their required arguments based on user options, and parse the collected data.
7087	Guesses the compression of an input file by checking for a binary signature at the beginning of the file.
7088	Computes the minimum and maximum Unicode code values for a given string of characters.
7089	Returns the valid encodings and phred scores for a given Unicode code range.
7090	Parse a file with coverage information into an OrderedDict of contig coverage and length.
7091	Generates a filtered assembly file based on an original assembly and a minimum coverage threshold.
7092	Uses Samtools to filter a BAM file based on the given coverage information and minimum coverage value, and outputs the filtered BAM file.
7093	Determine the minimum coverage threshold based on either automatically calculating one-third of the assembly size or using a user-provided value, ensuring it doesn't fall below 10.
7094	Returns the number of nucleotides and the size per contig for the provided assembly file path
7095	The main function executes the process for assembly mapping by parsing coverage and BAM files, filtering the assembly based on coverage, and copying original files if filtering is not possible, and finally writing a status file indicating success.
7096	Convert a CamelCase string into a snake_case one
7097	This function collects all classes inheriting from the Process class in the components module, converts their names to snake_case, and returns a dictionary mapping these names to the corresponding classes.
7098	Process a newick file, reroot the tree, and save the modified tree and status in JSON and text files respectively.
7099	Finds and returns the convex hull of a given set of data points.
7100	Converts data points to the most similar basis vectors W.
7101	Apply a median filter to the elements of X along axis 0.
7102	Generate Gaussian kernel following Foote's paper.
7103	Computes the self-similarity matrix of X by calculating the pairwise distances using a specified metric, converting the distances to a square form, normalizing them by the maximum distance, and then inverting the distances to form a similarity measure.
7104	Computes the novelty curve using a self-similarity matrix and a Gaussian kernel, normalizing the result between 0 and 1.
7105	Applies Gaussian filtering along a specified axis of a feature matrix.
7106	This function calculates the novelty curve by computing the Euclidean distance between consecutive points in a given set of structural features and normalizing the result.
7107	Shifts circularly the X square matrix to create a time-lag matrix.
7108	Time-delay embedding of a time series with specified dimensions and delays.
7109	Formats a plot with appropriate axis labels, title, ticks, and saves or shows the plot based on the provided parameters.
7110	Plots all the boundaries from a list of arrays, with options to specify algorithm IDs, titles, and output file.
7111	Plots all the labels with boundaries and boundaries.
7112	Plots the results of one track, optionally including ground truth.
7113	Method to plot a hierarchical segmentation tree using matplotlib.
7114	Returns a set of segments defined by the bound_idxs from the feature matrix F.
7115	Converts a list of feature segments into a list of 2D-Fourier Magnitude Coefs using the maximum segment size as the main size and zero-pads the rest, with an optional offset to ignore frames at the beginning and end of each segment.
7116	Computes segment similarity of file using various methods including k-means, Dirichlet, and XMeans estimators based on input parameters.
7117	Fits the OLDA model using the provided training data and labels.
7118	Partial-fits the OLDA model by iteratively updating the within-class scatter and ordinal scatter matrices based on the provided training data and labels, and then computes the eigenvalues and eigenvectors for dimensionality reduction.
7119	Reads the boundary times and the labels from a JAMS file corresponding to the given audio path.
7120	Finds the correct estimation from all the estimations contained in a JAMS file based on specified boundaries, labels, and parameters.
7121	Saving segment estimations in a JAMS file with specified parameters and storing them with appropriate boundary and label information.
7122	Return a list of all possible boundary algorithms in MSAF.
7123	Builds a configuration dictionary from given parameters and algorithm-specific configurations, ensuring no parameter name conflicts.
7124	Gathers audio files from a dataset directory, ensures necessary subdirectories exist, creates file structs, and returns them sorted by audio file name.
7125	Reads hierarchical references from a JAMS file and returns the boundary times, labels, and level identifiers, with optional exclusion of certain levels.
7126	Reads the duration of a given features file.
7127	Writes results to file using the standard MIREX format by taking times, labels, and an output file path as input.
7128	Return the path to a dataset file with a specified extension.
7129	Loads a ground-truth segmentation, aligns times to the nearest detected beats, and returns the beat-aligned segment boundaries, true segment times, and segment labels.
7130	Estimates the beats in a given audio signal using librosa and returns the times and frame indices of the estimated beats.
7131	Reads the annotated beats if available and returns their times and frame indices.
7132	Make the features beat-synchronous by aligning them with the given beat frames and times, and return the beat-synchronized features and times.
7133	Method for reading audio features from a JSON file and storing them in the current object.
7134	Saves features to file, handling different cases and updating the JSON object accordingly.
7135	Returns the parameter names for these features, excluding global parameters.
7136	Method to compute framesync times based on framesync features.
7137	Return the frame times based on the feature type.
7138	Compute the features if they haven't been computed yet, based on the specified feature type.
7139	Selects the features from the given parameters.
7140	Obtain the actual features based on the specified feature string and validate its correctness.
7141	Post processes the estimations from the algorithm, removing empty segments and ensuring the lengths of the boundaries and labels match.
7142	Parse command-line arguments and run an algorithm on a dataset.
7143	Print average results from a dataframe.
7144	Computes the results by using a ground truth dataset identified by the annotator parameter and returns a dictionary of the results.
7145	Computes the information gain of the estimated intervals from the annotated intervals using specified bins.
7146	Processes a single track for evaluation.
7147	Based on the given configuration and dataset, constructs and returns the file name to store the results with appropriate boundaries, labels, annotator, and configuration details while ensuring the file name length does not exceed the maximum allowed length.
7148	Performs evaluations of algorithm results for a given dataset and outputs the results in a pandas DataFrame.
7149	Add a new variable to msaf.config with a full name, documentation, and a configuration parameter object, and handle recursive calls and internal config tree nodes.
7150	Computes all features for a given file.
7151	Computes features for a file or a dataset in parallel.
7152	Computes the average log-likelihood of data under a standard normal distribution.
7153	Log-normalizes features by scaling them to a range from min_db to 0 using logarithms and min-max normalization.
7154	Normalize features by scaling them to a range between `floor` and 1.
7155	Normalize a given matrix of features according to specified normalization type.
7156	Method to generate and return a numpy array of time frames based on duration and analysis parameters.
7157	Removes empty segments from the input.
7158	Sonify estimated click times onto an audio track and save to a file.
7159	Synchronizes labels from old to new boundary indices by interpolating the labels based on the new indices.
7160	Converts a level of segmentation from frame indices to times and handles silences and empty segments.
7161	Align the end of hierarchies to match if their durations are within a specified threshold.
7162	Computes the distances of a specific data point to all other samples by slicing the data into smaller chunks and using a distance function.
7163	Estimates the optimal K value for a given dataset using K-means clustering and Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC), by iterating over different K values and selecting the one with the lowest BIC that meets a specified threshold.
7164	Returns a subset of data with the specified label_index.
7165	Run k-means clustering on data `X` with `K` clusters and return the cluster means and labels for each data point.
7166	Computes the Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC) for a given dataset, set of cluster means, cluster labels, number of clusters (K), and rank (R).
7167	Calculate the magnitude of a complex matrix.
7168	Utility function to extract the boundaries from a JSON file and put them into an np array.
7169	Utility function to extract start boundaries from a bounds JSON file and return them as a NumPy array.
7170	Method to extract and map labels from a JSON file into a numpy array.
7171	Function to extract beats from a JSON file and return them as a NumPy array.
7172	Computes the 2D-Fourier Magnitude Coefficients and returns the non-redundant components.
7173	Computes the labels for frames based on activation matrices and bound indices.
7174	Filters the activation matrix G and returns a flattened copy with maximum values preserved and median filtering applied.
7175	Returns the module associated with the given boundary algorithm identifier, or None if the identifier is "gt".
7176	Returns the label module corresponding to the given label algorithm identifier.
7177	This function runs hierarchical algorithms on an audio file to estimate boundaries and labels using specified modules and configuration.
7178	Runs flat algorithms with specified identifiers on an audio file, processing segmentation and labeling based on the provided modules and configuration.
7179	Runs algorithms to estimate segment boundaries and labels for audio files.
7180	Prepares the parameters, runs the algorithms, and saves results.
7181	Process audio files or collections for segmentation using various algorithms and options, returning estimated boundaries and labels.
7182	The method updates matrix W using an alternating least squares approach under a convexity constraint.
7183	Process text translation using command-line arguments and a translator function.
7184	Wraps a function to initialize and prime it for coroutine execution.
7185	Generic accumulator function that combines an initial value with an update value.
7186	Sets up a coroutine task queue to translate text using a provided translator function and optional transliteration.
7187	Consumes text streams from an iterable and concatenates them together to process in a more IO-efficient manner, with an optional maximum length for the concatenated text.
7188	A coroutine starting point that reads from an input stream, splits lines longer than 600 characters, and forwards the text stream to a target coroutine consumer.
7189	Decorates a function returning the URL of a translation API, creates and maintains HTTP connection state, and returns a dict response object containing the translated text and metadata of the request body.
7190	Returns the URL-encoded string to be sent to the translation server for processing.
7191	Reads a JSON file containing language translations and returns a dictionary mapping language codes to names for a specified language.
7192	Generate and print a sorted table of language codes and their names.
7193	Creates DataFrames of nodes and edges without specified nodes.*
7194	Save a Network's data to a Pandas HDFStore, optionally removing specified nodes.
7195	Builds a Network object from node and edge data stored in a Pandas HDFStore.
7196	Set a variable related to nodes in the network and store it with an optional name.
7197	Aggregate data for source nodes within a specified distance using a given type of aggregation and decay.
7198	Assign and return node IDs for data points based on their proximity to a network, optionally filtering by a maximum distance.
7199	Plot an array of data on a map using matplotlib and Basemap, automatically matching the data to the Pandana network node positions.
7200	Updates the location and metadata of points of interest (POIs) in a specific category, initializing necessary data structures for distance-based queries.
7201	Find the distance to the nearest points of interest (POIs) from each source node within a specified distance.
7202	Identify nodes with fewer connections than a specified threshold within a given distance.
7203	Convert a node element entry into a dictionary suitable for a Pandas DataFrame by filtering out uninteresting tags.
7204	Make a request to OSM using a query in Overpass QL format and return the parsed JSON response.
7205	Build an OSM node-based query string with optional filters based on latitude, longitude, and tags.
7206	Searches for OSM nodes within a specified bounding box that match given tags and returns them as a pandas DataFrame.
7207	Tests whether the provided input argument object is a native regular expression object or not.
7208	Compares two values, with support for regular expression matching.
7209	Simple function decorator allowing easy method chaining.
7210	Compares an expression (string or regular expression) against a given value, returning `True` if they match and `False` otherwise, with an option to enable regex matching.
7211	Triggers specific class methods on a given instance using reflection, based on the provided arguments.
7212	Return a tuple indicating whether the HTTP request matches all registered matchers and a list of any exceptions encountered.
7213	Return a matcher instance by class or alias name.
7214	Initializes a matcher instance by executing its constructor with variadic arguments and acts as a delegator proxy.
7215	Sets the response body data.
7216	Method to define the mock response JSON body.
7217	Sets a header field with the given value, removing previous values.
7218	Appends function and method items from an iterable to a target list.
7219	Triggers a request mock definition method dynamically based on input keyword arguments.
7220	Sets the mock URL to match and adds a URLMatcher to the current Mock instance.
7221	This interface defines a dictionary of HTTP headers for a request, allowing case-insensitive key matching and supports both dictionary and variadic keyword argument inputs.
7222	Ensures that specified headers are present in the outgoing request.
7223	Defines a list of headers that must be present in the outgoing request in order to satisfy the matcher, no matter what value the headers hosts.
7224	Sets the "Content-Type" outgoing header value based on the provided type alias or MIME type representation.
7225	Define a set of URL query params to match and return the current Mock instance.
7226	Defines the body data to match and adds a BodyMatcher to the current Mock instance.
7227	Sets the JSON body to match for a request in the mock instance.
7228	Defines a XML body value to match and returns the current instance.
7229	Reads a file from the disk and sets the body to its contents.
7230	Enable persistent mode for the current mock and return the Mock instance.
7231	Defines a simulated exception error that will be raised and returns the current Mock instance.
7232	Defines and returns a mock response with specified status and optional keyword arguments.
7233	Detects if an outgoing HTTP request matches any registered mock matchers and handles exceptions and callbacks accordingly.
7234	Wraps a function to create an async version of the activate decorator, activating the engine before execution and disabling it afterward.
7235	Sets a custom mock engine, replacing the built-in one, and validates its interface.
7236	Enables real networking mode, optionally passing one or multiple hostnames that would be used as filters.
7237	Factory for creating _Target objects from URLs.
7238	Removes a specific mock instance by object reference.
7239	Activates the registered interceptors in the mocking engine, enabling it to mock HTTP transactions.
7240	Disables interceptors and stops intercepting any outgoing HTTP traffic.
7241	Verifies if real networking mode should be used for the given request by passing it to registered network filters.
7242	match checks if a given Request instance contract matches any registered mocks, returning the corresponding response or raising an exception if no match is found.
7243	Creates a copy of the current Request object for side-effects purposes.
7244	Enables HTTP traffic interceptors for a function or coroutine.
7245	Creates a context manager for an isolated mock engine using the pook library.
7246	Adds one or more HTTP traffic interceptors to the current mocking engine.
7247	Remove a specific interceptor by name.
7248	A function to retrieve a setting from a connection's settings_dict if it exists, otherwise it retrieves the setting from the settings module using getattr.
7249	Build SQL with decryption and casting.
7250	Saves the original value of a model instance before saving it to the database.
7251	Callback for re.sub to replace link text with markup.
7252	Get the decryption for a column based on alias and output field.
7253	Tell postgres to encrypt this field using PGP.
7254	Parses YAML data to identify repeated keys and their line numbers.
7255	Calculates the regression coefficients and statistical measures for a given vector containing averages of tip and branch quantities.
7256	compute and return the inverse of the covariance matrix
7257	Recursively calculates the inverse covariance matrix or the weighing vector for a tree structure.
7258	Calculate the weighted sums of tip and branch values and their second moments, propagating these values through the tree structure.
7259	This function propagates means, variance, and covariances along a branch in a tree structure, updating them towards the root and tips based on the branch value and variance.
7260	Calculate the standard explained variance using the root-to-tip distance and time.
7261	Regress tip values against branch values and return regression parameters.
7262	Determine the position on a tree that minimizes the bilinear product of the inverse covariance and the data vectors.
7263	Initializes the merger model with a coalescent time, either as a single value or an iterable with corresponding time pivots.
7264	Calculate an interpolation object mapping time to the number of concurrent branches in a tree, stored in self.nbranches.
7265	Estimates the cost associated with a branch starting at a given time node.
7266	Attaches merger cost to each branch length interpolator in the tree.
7267	Determines the coalescent time scale that optimizes the coalescent likelihood of the tree using scalar minimization.
7268	Convert profile to sequence and normalize profile across sites.
7269	Normalize a profile matrix to have unit sum across rows, optionally returning the log of the normalization factor.
7270	Set a new GTR object if it is an instance of GTR or GTR_site_specific.
7271	Creates a new GTR model if needed and sets it as an attribute of the TreeAnc class, handling input as a string or a GTR instance with optional keyword arguments.
7272	Sets the sequence length and logs an error if it is reset.
7273	Assign sequences to nodes in the tree and handle missing sequences.
7274	Initializes and updates tree nodes with branch and mutation lengths, and constructs a lookup for leaf nodes.
7275	Sets auxiliary parameters to every node of a tree, including setting default values for `bad_branch` and `up` attributes, and calculating the distance to the root for each node.
7276	Calculate the root-to-node distance for each node in a tree.
7277	Reconstructs ancestral sequences using specified method, optionally inferring GTR model and averaging over marginal sequences.
7278	Uses results from marginal ancestral inference to return a joint distribution of the sequence states at both ends of a branch for a given node.
7279	Expand a node's compressed sequence into the real sequence, optionally including additional constant sites.
7280	Reconstruct ancestral states using Fitch's algorithm.
7281	Determine the Fitch profile for a single character of a node's sequence by intersecting or unioning the profiles of its children.
7282	Find the intersection of any number of 1D arrays and return the sorted, unique values that are in all of the input arrays.
7283	Returns the likelihood of the observed sequences given the tree, either for a specific position or the total likelihood of the entire sequence.
7284	The likelihood of the given realization of the sequences in the tree.
7285	Sets branch lengths to mutation lengths or given branch lengths, ensuring they are at least MIN_BRANCH_LENGTH * one_mutation.
7286	Perform optimization for the branch lengths of the entire tree in either a joint or marginal manner.
7287	Optimizes branch lengths globally in a tree structure using a negative log-likelihood gradient descent approach.
7288	Calculate the optimal branch length given the sequences of a node and its parent.
7289	Iteratively optimize branch lengths and reconstruct ancestral sequences until convergence using maximum likelihood estimation, with options to reuse initial branch lengths, prune short branches, and handle marginal sequences.
7290	Get the multiple sequence alignment, including reconstructed sequences for the internal nodes.
7291	The function calculates the rate matrix for the GTR model by multiplying the transition matrix with the equilibrium frequencies and adjusting the diagonal values.
7292	Creates a GTR model by specifying the substitution rate, matrix, and equilibrium frequencies, and assigns them to the model.
7293	Return the standard model of molecular evolution based on the input model and keyword arguments.
7294	Check and fix the main diagonal of Q and corresponding matrix W in a custom GTR model.
7295	Calculate the probability of observing a sequence pair at a distance t for compressed sequences.
7296	Find the optimal distance between two sequences, handling pattern multiplicities and ignoring gaps as specified.
7297	Optimize the distance between two sequences in a compressed form.
7298	Calculate the probability of observing a node pair at a distance t.
7299	Computes the probability of the sequence state of the child at time t later, given the parent profile, and can return the result as either the probability or the log-probability.
7300	Calculate the log-likelihood of sampling a sequence from equilibrium frequency. Expects a sequence as numpy array.
7301	Set the branch length mode based on the branch length distribution in the input tree, defaulting to 'input' if not explicitly set.
7302	Labels outlier branches that don't seem to follow a molecular clock and excludes them from subsequent molecular clock estimation and the timetree propagation.
7303	Plot root-to-tip regression and optionally add internal node positions and labels using a provided matplotlib axes if available.
7304	Resolve polytomies on the tree and re-optimize the tree with new topology if it results in higher likelihood.
7305	Print the total likelihood of the tree given the constrained leaves, optionally printing joint or marginal likelihoods.
7306	Adds a coalescent model to the tree and optionally optimizes the merger rate Tc.
7307	The method `_find_best_root` determines the optimal node to root a tree based on fit to temporal constraints and root-to-tip distances, using inference and various parameters to control the regression and rate estimation.
7308	Function that attempts to load a tree and build it from the alignment if no tree is provided.
7309	Parses parameters and returns a GTR model structure.
7310	Checks if input is VCF and reads in appropriately if it is.
7311	implements treetime ancestral reconstruction for a given set of parameters, reads in a VCF file, infers ancestral sequences, and outputs the results.
7312	Assess the width of a probability distribution using the full-width-half-maximum (FWHM) method.
7313	Create a delta function distribution with a specified position and weight.
7314	Multiplies a list of Distribution objects by either calculating the product of their probabilities or creating a delta function at the peak position if only one distribution is delta.
7315	Assign dates to nodes in the tree, handling dates with errors by marking branches as 'bad', and check if there are too many invalid date constraints.
7316	Informs the model about available algorithms.
7317	Calculate the most likely positions of unconstrained nodes in a tree structure using date constraints, with options for marginal reconstruction or joint optimization.
7318	Calculate the likelihood of the data given the current branch length in the tree.
7319	Convert estimated "time_before_present" properties of nodes to numerical dates and further to human-readable date strings.
7320	Estimate the uncertainty in a particular numdate due to rate variation using previously calculated rate variation.
7321	Determine the interval around the highest posterior probability region that contains a specified fraction of the probability mass for a given node, considering either marginal reconstruction or rate variation uncertainty.
7322	Find the global minimum of a function represented as an interpolation object using its `x` and `argmin` attributes.
7323	Find the median value of the function represented by an interpolation object using a custom grid and interpolation method.
7324	Convert a datetime object to a numeric date in the format YYYY.F, where F represents the fraction of the year that has passed.
7325	creates the conversion object automatically from the tree
7326	Establish a socket connection to the Guacd server.
7327	Terminate connection with Guacamole guacd server
7328	Receive instructions from Guacamole guacd server.
7329	Send encoded instructions to Guacamole guacd server
7330	Send an encoded instruction using the logger for debugging.
7331	Establish a connection with a Guacamole guacd server via a handshake process, selecting a protocol, sending size and media support instructions, and receiving a ready response with a client ID.
7332	Convert a Unicode string to a UTF-8 encoded string if running in Python 2.
7333	Loads a new GuacamoleInstruction from an encoded instruction string.
7334	This interface encodes an argument to be sent in a valid GuacamoleInstruction.
7335	Encode the instruction by joining the opcode and arguments with a separator and appending a termination character.
7336	Returns a versioned URI string for the given class.
7337	Returns the instance URL by ID
7338	Return a versioned URI string for the given class without pluralizing the class name.
7339	Download a file to a specified directory or temporary directory and return the absolute path to the file.
7340	Returns the parent commit or migration object.
7341	Asks the user for their SolveBio email and password.
7342	Force an interactive login via the command line. Sets the global API key and updates the client auth.
7343	Print user information if logged in, otherwise indicate not logged in.
7344	Prints information about the current user, including their email, domain, and role.
7345	Returns this Query instance with the query args combined with existing set with AND, allowing for the addition of Filter objects with AND logic through keyword arguments.
7346	Returns a new dataset with genomic filters applied to a specified range.
7347	Shortcut to apply a single position filter on genomic datasets.
7348	Return a dictionary with the requested facets based on string or keyword arguments.
7349	Converts a list of filters into a list of JSON API filters.
7350	Allows iteration through a cached result set by fetching successive pages until all results are exhausted.
7351	Executes a query with optional parameters and returns the request parameters and raw query response.
7352	Iterate through the dataset and move it into another dataset with the provided parameters.
7353	Parse command line arguments for SolveBio CLI and set up the API host and key accordingly.
7354	Downloading a folder from a vault to a local directory, recursively handling sub-folders and files with options for dry run and force download.
7355	Create a new object from an HTTP response and refresh its attributes from the response data.
7356	Clear the token and Remove the cookie
7357	Issues an HTTP request using the Python requests library and handles redirections, authentication, and errors.
7358	Get Task child object class
7359	Cancels a task and handles exceptions by resetting the status.
7360	Parse INFO field for SnpEff ANN fields.
7361	Converts a row of data into a dictionary representing a genetic variant.
7362	Returns the user's stored API key if a valid credentials file is found, otherwise raises CredentialsError.
7363	Dumps the class data in the format of a .netrc file to the provided path.
7364	Format a value according to its type, handling Unicode, integers, floats, and missing values.
7365	Converts various types of tabular data into a list of lists and a list of headers.
7366	Build a string representing a row of data cells with appropriate padding and truncation if it exceeds the terminal width.
7367	Returns a string representing a horizontal line based on column widths, padding, and specified characters.
7368	Prefixes every cell in a row with an HTML alignment attribute.
7369	Produce a plain-text representation of the table using the provided format, headers, rows, column widths, and column alignments.
7370	Migrate data from the current dataset to a target dataset with optional parameters.
7371	Parse a full or partial path and return a full path as well as a dict containing path parts.
7372	Given a folder or file, the `upload` function uploads all the contained folders and files to a remote location, skipping any that already exist.
7373	Parse and validate a full path for Vault, handling special cases and defaults.
7374	Validate a given API host URL to ensure it is not empty and uses either HTTP or HTTPS scheme.
7375	Add one or more files or URLs to the manifest, handling globs and URLs appropriately.
7376	Annotate a set of records with stored fields using specified chunk size, yielding annotated records one at a time.
7377	This function evaluates an expression using the provided data, data type, and list flag by sending a payload to a client and returning the result.
7378	Set the default format name if it is recognized, otherwise raise a ValueError.
7379	Register a new output formatter with a specified name, handler function, preprocessors, and keyword argument defaults.
7380	Format the headers and data using a specific formatter, return the formatted data as a string.
7381	Wrap tabulate inside a function for TabularOutputFormatter.
7382	Returns the config folder for the application based on the operating system and user preferences.
7383	Returns a list of system-wide config folders for the application based on the application name, author, and operating system.
7384	Reads and validates the default configuration file, then updates the instance settings with the validated configuration.
7385	Read configuration files, including default, additional, system, and user files, and handle validation errors.
7386	Return the absolute path to the user config file.
7387	Returns a list of absolute paths to the system config files.
7388	Get a list of absolute paths to the additional config files
7389	Write the default config to the user's config file, optionally overwriting an existing file.
7390	Reads a list of config files, updates the configuration with each file, and returns a dictionary of any errors encountered or True if no errors.
7391	Truncate a string to a specified maximum width if it exceeds that width.
7392	Replaces multiple substrings in a string `s` based on a list of replacements `replace`.
7393	Run multiple commands in a row, exiting if one fails.
7394	Apply command-line options to a command.
7395	Apply a command-line option and remove it if inactive.
7396	Set default options for linting, including branch and fix flags.
7397	Run a linter on the code.
7398	Generate and view the documentation.
7399	Truncate very long strings in the given data and headers for better tabular representation and performance.
7400	Format numbers in a dataset according to specified format strings for integers and floats.
7401	Formats a row by joining corresponding elements from headers and row with ' | ' and returns the formatted rows as a single string.
7402	Wrapper function for formatting table data with selected keys from keyword arguments.
7403	Wraps terminaltables inside a function for TabularOutputFormatter to convert data and headers into a formatted table.
7404	Copy a template file to a destination file and replace template variables with corresponding values.
7405	Given a PKCS#11 type, determines if the type is a numerical value.
7406	Given a PKCS#11 type, determine if it is a boolean value.
7407	Check if a given type is a byte array value bying boolean, string, and numeric types.
7408	generates a secret key using a specified template and mechanism, returning the handle of the generated key.
7409	Generates a key pair using the provided templates and mechanism, returning handles for both the public and private keys as a tuple.
7410	Finds the objects matching the given template pattern and returns their IDs.
7411	Inserts a small icon to QR Code image with optional resizing and positioning.
7412	Export gene panels to a .bed like format based on specified parameters.
7413	Given a weekday and a date, returns the earliest date that falls on the specified weekday.
7414	Repeatedly adds a specified number of days to a given day until a specified end date or month is reached.
7415	Counts days backwards from a start date to an end date, skipping any days that fall outside of a specified range.
7416	Handle bi-weekly repeat events and update counts accordingly
7417	This method handles single event chunks, either non-repeating events or the first month of repeating events, and generates repeated events for those chunks within the specified month.
7418	Export causative variants for a collaborator and yield them ordered by position.
7419	Creates lines for an Excel file with verified variants for an institute
7420	Exports mitochondrial variants for a case to create a MT excel report, returning a list of lines to include in the document.
7421	Update a user's role and institute access in the database.
7422	Display a list of STR variants.
7423	Display a specific structural variant.
7424	Display a specific STR variant.
7425	Start procedure to validate variant using other techniques.
7426	Build a clinVar submission form for a variant and handle form submission.
7427	Show cancer variants overview for a given institute and case.
7428	Handle ACMG classification form submissions or fetch data based on the request method.
7429	Show or delete an ACMG evaluation.
7430	Calculate an ACMG classification from submitted criteria and return the result as JSON.
7431	Parse a gene panel file, update HGNC symbols for filtering, and redirect to the appropriate variant view based on category.
7432	Download all verified variants for user's cases and serve them as a zip file.
7433	Convert a dictionary of HGNC genes to a dictionary mapping HGNC symbols to their associated HGNC IDs and primary IDs.
7434	Add information of incomplete penetrance to the genes dictionary.
7435	Gathers information from multiple sources and returns a gene dictionary with HGNC symbols as keys.
7436	Send a request to MatchMaker using specified parameters and return its JSON response.
7437	Returns available MatchMaker nodes.
7438	Retrieve the cytoband coordinate for a given chromosome and position.
7439	Funciton gets the subcategory for a VCF variant based on alt_len, ref_len, category, and svtype.
7440	Return the length of a variant based on its category, reference length, alternative length, structural variant type, and other attributes.
7441	Return the end coordinate for a variant based on its category and additional parameters.
7442	Find out the coordinates for a genetic variant based on its attributes and category.
7443	Parse a cytoband file and print coordinates and intervals for specified chromosome and position.
7444	Show a list of all institutes and their respective gene panels, and handle adding or modifying a gene panel via a POST request.
7445	Panel update handler.
7446	Export the specified panel as a PDF file with a timestamped filename.
7447	Edits additional information about a panel gene by fetching the panel, HGNC gene, and panel gene, populating a form with transcript choices, validating the form on submission, and updating the store with the new information.
7448	Add a delivery report to an existing case and handle exceptions.
7449	Retrieves a list of HPO terms from scout database and returns them as a list of HPO objects stored in scout
7450	Show all objects in the whitelist collection
7451	This function constructs a small phenotype object by retrieving the phenotype description from the adapter using the phenotype ID and returning a dictionary containing the phenotype ID and description.
7452	Returns a dictionary containing information about a gene parsed from a data store, including builds, symbol, description, ensembl_id, and links.
7453	Fetch matching genes and convert to JSON.
7454	Display the Scout dashboard and filter cases based on the user's accessible institutes and form inputs.
7455	Show all transcripts in the database.
7456	Returns a list of events that occur on a given day by filtering occurrences for the month and drilling down to the specified day.
7457	Pre-process list of SV variants and return variants with pagination information
7458	Pre-process list of STR variants.
7459	Pre-process an STR variant entry for detail page and add information to display variant.
7460	Responsable for pre-processing an SV variant entry for detail page by adding information to display variant and retrieving relevant data such as overlapping SNVs, frequencies, callers, and comments.
7461	Parses and updates information about variants, including compounds and gene symbols, and returns the updated variant object.
7462	Returns a header for the CSV file with the filtered variants to be exported, including AD_reference, AD_alternate, and GT_quality fields for each sample in the case.
7463	Get variant information for genes.
7464	Generate a dictionary of SIFT and Polyphen predictions for a list of genes.
7465	Pre-process a case for a variant view by adding information about files from the case object to the variant object.
7466	Find the BAI file by replacing the extension of the given BAM file with '.bai', and if it doesn't exist, try the other convention of appending '.bai' to the BAM file name.
7467	Query observations for a variant, including related cases.
7468	Parses variant genes and identifies primary refseq transcripts.
7469	Generate a string representation of amino acid changes based on transcript information, optionally including a gene name.
7470	Calculates the end position for a variant by adding the difference between the number of reference and alternative bases (minus one) to the variant's position.
7471	Returns a judgement on the overall frequency of a genetic variant based on its frequency in the Thousand Genomes and ExAC databases.
7472	Converts the CLINSIG evaluation in a variant object to a human-readable format and includes a link to the ClinVar website.
7473	Compose a link to the 1000G page for detailed information using a variant object and an optional build number.
7474	Compose a URL link to the COSMIC Database if the variant object has a cosmic ID present.
7475	Compose a link to the Beacon Network using variant object information.
7476	Compose a link to the UCSC genome browser for a given variant object and build number.
7477	Translate SPIDEX annotation to human-readable string based on its value.
7478	Retrieves a list of manual inheritance models associated with a gene object.
7479	Return a list of callers for a given variant object based on a specified category.
7480	Fetch data related to cancer variants for a case.
7481	Gather data for ClinVar submission form.
7482	Collects data for a ClinVar submission page.
7483	Collect data for rendering ACMG classification form.
7484	Calculates an ACMG classification based on a list of criteria.
7485	Fetch and fill-in evaluation object with data from store.
7486	Return a list of HGNC symbols from a stream that exist in the database.
7487	Collects verified variants for each institute, exports them to an Excel file, and saves the files in a specified directory, returning the number of files written.
7488	exports all genes from the database to a .bed format
7489	Parse the clnsig information from a VCF file and return a list of clnsig accessions.
7490	Get a list with compounds objects based on the given compound info, case id, and variant type.
7491	Export all genes from a build and format them as output.
7492	Build a Individual object from a dictionary of individual information.
7493	Summary: The `variants` function in the given code uploads various types of variants (cancer, SV, SNV, STR clinical/research) to a specified case in a system, with options to filter by gene ID/symbol and handle existing variants by deleting them before uploading new ones.
7494	The function `case` retrieves a case object from a store based on the provided institute ID and case name, and returns it as a JSON response; if the case object is not found, it aborts with a 404 error.
7495	Show all collections in the database.
7496	Creates a new institute and adds it to the database.
7497	This method updates an institute by making a call to an adapter's update_institute method with the provided parameters and handling exceptions by logging a warning and aborting the context if an error occurs.
7498	Return a file handle for reading a file, automatically handling gzip compressed files.
7499	Calculates the net value by subtracting the 'prev' querystring value from the 'next' querystring value, defaulting to 0 if an exception occurs.
7500	Return the next and previous querystrings based on the given input value.
7501	Checks that the year is within 50 years from now and updates it if not.
7502	Adjust the given date to the nearest weekday, either forward or backward based on the `reverse` parameter.
7503	Parse all data necessary for loading a case into Scout by providing either command line arguments or a config file.
7504	The `add_peddy_information` function processes configuration data from peddy outfiles, updating individuals' information with predicted ancestry, confirmed sex, and confirmed parental relations, and stores this information back into the configuration data.
7505	Parse individual information from a sample dictionary.
7506	Parses individual information from a list of sample dictionaries, reformatting them into proper individuals and checking for valid parent-child relationships.
7507	Parse case information from a configuration or PED file and construct a dictionary containing various case details.
7508	Parse out minimal family information from a PED file and return the family ID and a list of sample dictionaries.
7509	Build a correctly formatted evaluation object for insertion into a database.
7510	Export all mitochondrial variants for each sample of a case and write them to an excel file.
7511	Given boolean and list inputs, determines if the criteria for Pathogenic classification from the ACMG paper are fulfilled.
7512	Returns True if the given parameters meet the criteria for Likely Pathogenic classification as described in the ACMG paper.
7513	Checks if a variant is likely benign based on criteria from the ACMG paper.
7514	Determine ACMG classification based on a set of prediction terms.
7515	This function adds gene information to a variant object by merging data from gene panels, including extra information about transcripts and disease associations.
7516	Fetches variants for a specific case with optional filtering, pagination, and sorting.
7517	Return all variants with sanger information filter by institute_id and case_id.
7518	Retrieve a variant from a database based on a unique document ID or case ID and optionally add gene information.
7519	Return a MongoDB cursor containing sorted and paginated variant results based on the provided query and options.
7520	Return all verified variants for a given institute
7521	Return all causative variants for an institute or case.
7522	The method `check_causatives` checks for previously marked causative variants in an institute or a specific case and returns them as an iterable of `Variant` objects.
7523	This function finds variants marked as causative in other cases that are the same as a given variant.
7524	Delete variants of a specified type and category for a given case.
7525	Return overlapping variants by looking at the genes they overlap and then finding all variants that overlap those genes, with a limit of 30 results.
7526	Returns evaluated variants for a given case, including those with ACMG classification, manual rank, or dismiss variant, as well as variants marked as commented.
7527	Returns a reduced VCF file containing variants from the specified coordinates for the alignment viewer.
7528	Given a list of variant IDs, retrieves variant objects found in a specific patient that match the given category and have non-wild-type alleles.
7529	Connects to a MongoDB database and returns a client object.
7530	Extracts submission objects from a form based on variant IDs and form fields, correctly handling both variant and case data types.
7531	Determines which fields to include in a CSV header based on a list of submission objects and a specified CSV type.
7532	Converts a list of submission objects into a list of strings representing lines for a Clinvar submission CSV file.
7533	Load and process transcript data from Ensembl to build a list of transcript objects, which may be used for further analysis or storage.
7534	Adds a gene panel to the database based on the provided context and configuration.
7535	Builds an Exon object from a dictionary of exon information, ensuring all required fields are present and have valid types.
7536	Deletes a version of a gene panel or all versions of a gene panel
7537	This function deletes all indexes in the database.
7538	Deletes a user from the database
7539	Deletes all genes in the database, optionally for a specific build.
7540	Delete all exons in the database for a given build.
7541	Deletes a case and its variants from the database.
7542	Show all individuals from all cases in the database.
7543	Parses a list of matchmaker matches objects and returns a readable list of matches to display in matchmaker matches view.
7544	This method displays cases from a database based on case ID or institute/display name, optionally filtering by the number of variants and including the count of clinical and research variants in the output.
7545	Return the currently active user as an object.
7546	Logs in a user if they have access, storing the next URL in the session and handling authentication via Google or email if configured.
7547	builds a institute object with the given arguments and removes any keys with None values
7548	Delete an event from the database using its event_id.
7549	Create a new event with the given parameters and save it to the database.
7550	Fetch events from the database based on institute, case, variant_id, level, comments, and panel.
7551	Fetches all events associated with a specific user.
7552	Adds a new phenotype term to a case, handling HPO and OMIM terms, and creates an event if successful.
7553	Remove an existing phenotype from a case and update the case dictionary.
7554	Add a comment to a variant or case, creating an event and logging the action.
7555	Parse the genotype calls for a variant for each individual.
7556	Checks if the variant is within the specified interval on the given chromosome.
7557	Handle HPO term searches via GET and POST requests.
7558	Export all transcripts to a .bed-like format.
7559	This method loads exons into the scout database, dropping existing exons if present, and logging the time taken for the operation.
7560	Load all variants in a specified genomic region for an existing case using a database adapter.
7561	Returns all events within a specified month and year that match optional category or tag filters and are not cancelled or located remotely.
7562	Return a queryset of events that will occur again after 'now'.
7563	Recursively parses requirements from nested pip files and returns a list of install requirements.
7564	Check if a gene with a given HGNC ID exists in a panel.
7565	Update a gene panel with genes from a CSV file, either adding or replacing existing genes based on an option.
7566	Create a new gene panel with institute and gene information.
7567	preprocesses a panel of genes by formatting the institute and creating a name and version field
7568	Transform information from a case in an archive to a dictionary, including collaborators, synopsis, and other details.
7569	Migrate case information from an archive to a Scout case, updating collaborators, assignees, variants, synopsis, and phenotype groups/terms.
7570	Updates information from an old instance to a new instance, optionally performing a dry run.
7571	Uploads research variants to cases, either by specifying a case ID or by fetching all cases with 'research_requested' set.
7572	Loads genes into the database by fetching and linking data from various sources and merging it into gene objects which are then bulk-loaded into the database.
7573	
7574	Flask app factory function that configures and initializes the app with various settings, extensions, and security checks.
7575	Configure Flask extensions for an application.
7576	Register Flask blueprints for the application.
7577	Setup coverage related extensions and configure locale selector for translations.
7578	Show all alias symbols and how they map to ids, optionally filtering by a specific symbol.
7579	Builds a gene_panel object from panel information and an adapter, ensuring all required fields are present and handling errors for missing or invalid data.
7580	Exports verified variants for an institute and writes them to an excel file.
7581	Export causatives for a collaborator in .vcf format
7582	Returns a string representing a variant in VCF format
7583	This method starts a web server using the provided configuration and host details, checking for a valid MongoDB connection before proceeding.
7584	Generate an MD5 hash key from a list of strings.
7585	Setup the Flask application with MongoDB configuration.
7586	Setup connection to database.
7587	Create indexes for the database based on whether an update is required.
7588	Setup a scout database with the provided institute, user, and OMIM API key.
7589	Setup a scout demo instance and configure the database.
7590	Sets up a Scout instance with the provided context, institute, user mail, and user name, handles database connection and testing, and initializes a mongo adapter.
7591	Show a list of institutes in the database.
7592	Parse the genetic models entry of a vcf and return a list of genetic models for a given case ID.
7593	Displays all gene panels in the database for a given institute, logging and aborting if no panels are found, and formatting panel details with click.echo.
7594	Adds an institute to the database if it does not already exist.
7595	This interface is used to update the information for an institute and returns the updated institute as a dictionary.
7596	Fetches a single institute object from the backend using its ID.
7597	Checks if a string is a valid date in the format YYYY-MM-DD
7598	Return a datetime object if there is a valid date, raise an exception if date is not valid, and return today's date if no date is provided.
7599	Export a list of genes based on HPO terms.
7600	Parse the rank score from a given entry and case ID.
7601	Add a user to the database.
7602	Check if a connection could be made to the mongo process specified
7603	This callback initializes a Flask application with MongoDB settings, establishing a connection and updating the app's configuration with the database client and name.
7604	Load a delivery report into a case in the database, raising errors if the report already exists without an update and if an existing report should be overwritten without the update flag.
7605	Add a user object to the database and return a copy of what was inserted.
7606	Generate HTML page displaying pileup viewer.
7607	Loads exons into a database, checking that transcripts exist in the database and handling multiple matching exons.
7608	Update compounds for a case in Scout.
7609	Updates a gene object with various links based on different identifiers and the build version.
7610	Query the hgnc aliases.
7611	Parse an hgnc formatted line and return a dictionary with relevant gene info.
7612	Parse lines with HGNC formatted genes and yield relevant information as dictionaries.
7613	Retrieve the database id of an open clinvar submission for a user and institute, or create a new one if none is available.
7614	Updates a clinvar submission object with a new clinvar ID and updated timestamp.
7615	Retrieve the official Clinvar submission ID for a given submission object based on the submission ID.
7616	Adds submission_objects to clinvar collection and updates the corresponding submission object with their IDs
7617	Sets the status of a ClinVar submission to 'closed' for a given user.
7618	Collects all open and closed ClinVar submissions created by a user for an institute.
7619	Removes a variant or case data object from the clinvar database, updates the associated submission, and returns the updated submission object.
7620	Retrieves all variants included in clinvar submissions for a given case ID and returns them as a dictionary.
7621	Parses a .obo formatted HPO line and yields a dictionary containing the parsed information.
7622	Render a search box for genes, redirect to a specific gene page if a valid query is provided, or display a list of genes.
7623	Render information about a gene based on HGNC ID or symbol
7624	Handle gene query and return JSON data.
7625	Return True if all default panels are defined in panels and all panels exist in the database.
7626	Load and process clinical and research variants for a specified gene or region in a case.
7627	Load a new case from a Scout config and update if existing.
7628	Decorate a Flask view function to specify a template and render it with the function's return context.
7629	Fetch the institute and case objects, and validate the user's access.
7630	Returns a list of institute objects based on whether the user is an admin or not.
7631	Retrieve the HGNC ID for a gene based on various criteria including a priority order.
7632	Update a panel in the database based on the provided context and input parameters.
7633	Update disease terms in mongo database.
7634	Load and process disease terms from OMIM and HPO databases into a database adapter.
7635	Add the frequencies to a variant by parsing either directly from keys in info fields or from transcripts if they are annotated there.
7636	Parse a frequency value from a VCF variant's INFO field.
7637	Parses frequencies for certain fields in a structural variant using custom keys.
7638	Show all users in the database.
7639	Build a hgnc_gene object from gene information.
7640	Builds and loads a gene panel into the database based on parsed panel information.
7641	Creates and loads the OMIM-AUTO panel by checking for an existing version, determining the correct version number, fetching OMIM files, extracting date information, comparing with existing data, and updating or adding the panel accordingly.
7642	Compare gene sets from two OMIM panels and return genes added in the new panel.
7643	Updates the version of each gene in the new panel to the latest version if the gene is new, or to the old version if the gene is already present.
7644	This method adds a gene panel to the database if it doesn't already exist, logs the operation, and returns the ID of the inserted document.
7645	Fetches a gene panel by its ID.
7646	Delete a panel from the collection using its '_id' and log the deletion details.
7647	Return a gene panel by ID and optionally version.
7648	Returns all gene panels based on the provided panel_id, institute_id, and version.
7649	Return a dictionary of genes grouped by the panels they are included in.
7650	This method updates an existing gene panel with a new one in the database, keeping the object ID, and returns the updated panel.
7651	This interface is used to add a pending action to a gene panel, store it in panel.pending, and return the updated panel.
7652	Update or create a gene panel with pending changes and return the updated or new panel ID.
7653	Return a set of clinical gene symbols for a case by querying a panel collection based on panel IDs.
7654	Interact with cases in the database, retrieve cases based on filters, and output the results.
7655	Emit a record by formatting it and sending it to the specified addressees via SMTP.
7656	Adds the proper indexes to the scout instance based on the definitions in scout/constants/indexes.py.
7657	Update the database indexes by adding any missing indexes.
7658	Delete all indexes for the database
7659	Build a mongo query for variants based on query options in a form.
7660	Construct and return a MongoDB query based on specified criteria, including filtering options for variant types, genomic regions, frequencies, and other attributes.
7661	Returns a dictionary with clinical significance (clinsig) key-values based on the given query and trusted revision levels, applying filters to the mongo query object.
7662	Adds genomic coordinate-related filters to a query object and returns the updated query.
7663	Adds gene-related filters to the MongoDB query based on user-provided filters for HGNC symbols and gene panels.
7664	Drop the MongoDB database specified in the context.
7665	Parses a CSV stream containing gene panel data and extracts relevant information into a list of dictionaries.
7666	This function builds a `clnsig` object dictionary from the given `clnsig_info`.
7667	Load and insert a bulk of hgnc gene objects into the database, raising an IntegrityError if there are write concerns.
7668	Load a bulk of transcript objects to the database.
7669	Insert a bulk of exon objects to the database
7670	Fetch a hgnc gene by identifier and build, and return the gene object with transcripts.
7671	Return the hgnc id matching the hgnc symbol and build version.
7672	Fetch all hgnc genes that match a hgnc symbol, checking both aliases and the hgnc symbol itself with optional partial searching based on the specified build.
7673	Fetch all hgnc genes matching the specified build version, sorted by chromosome.
7674	Return the number of hgnc genes in the collection, optionally filtering by build.
7675	Delete a genes collection, optionally by build.
7676	Deletes the transcripts collection, optionally by build.
7677	Delete the exons collection, optionally specifying a build.
7678	Return a dictionary with ensembl ids as keys and transcripts as values for a given build.
7679	Return a dictionary with hgnc_symbol as key and gene_obj as value for the given build.
7680	Return an iterable with hgnc_genes based on the given symbol and build, considering both primary symbols and aliases.
7681	Return a dictionary with hgnc symbols as keys and a list of hgnc ids as values, where the list of ids consist of the primary hgnc id if given, otherwise it is a list of hgnc ids.
7682	Retrieves a dictionary with Ensembl IDs as keys and gene objects as values for a given genome build.
7683	Return the correct hgnc symbol if it exists, otherwise return None
7684	Method adds the correct hgnc id to a set of genes with hgnc symbols.
7685	Constructs a dictionary with chromosome keys and interval trees as values representing overlapping coding regions.
7686	Update the automatically generated OMIM gene panel in the database.
7687	Display a list of cases for an institute based on various query parameters and filter options.
7688	Display one case.
7689	Method to show all MatchMaker matches for a given case, ensuring authorized users can access and handling potential errors from the MatchMaker server.
7690	Starts an internal match or a match against one or all MME external nodes.
7691	Remove a case from MatchMaker.
7692	Visualize a case report by fetching institute and case objects and their content, returning a dictionary with the format set to 'html'.
7693	Download a PDF report for a case by generating an HTML report with case data and optional coverage and madeline diagrams.
7694	Add or remove a diagnosis for a case via HTTP request.
7695	Handle phenotypes by adding or removing a phenotype item/group from a case.
7696	Perform actions on multiple phenotypes, such as deleting, phenomizer, genes, and generate.
7697	Handle events such as creating or deleting case/variant comments, and redirect to the previous page.
7698	Updates the status of a specific case based on the provided status or the current status of the case.
7699	Assign and unassign a user from a case via HTTP POST.
7700	Search for HPO terms and return the top 7 sorted by HPO number.
7701	Mark a variant as sanger validated.
7702	Mark a variant as confirmed causative.
7703	Display a delivery report based on institution ID and case name, optionally filtering by date.
7704	Share a case with a different institute.
7705	Requests a case to be rerun by sending an email to a ticket system.
7706	Opens the research list for a case.
7707	Download and deliver a vcf2cytosure file for an individual.
7708	Load and serve the multiqc report for the specified case.
7709	Preprocess case objects by adding necessary information for display and grouping by status, then return a dictionary with cases, their count, and limit.
7710	Gather and process data for visualization in a case report.
7711	Posts a request to chanjo-report, extracts sample IDs and panel names from case object, adds institute-specific cutoff level to the request, removes links from the response, and returns the body content of the coverage report as a string.
7712	Get all Clinvar submissions for a user and an institute
7713	Collects mitochondrial variants for each sample in a case and exports them to Excel files in a temporary directory.
7714	Update the synopsis if it has changed and create an event for the change.
7715	Retrieve list of HGNC symbols matching annotated HPO terms.
7716	Retrieve an individual's display name and VCF2Cytosure file based on the provided store, institute ID, case name, and individual ID.
7717	Return MultiQC report metadata for the specified case.
7718	Retrieves all variants for an institute that require Sanger sequencing validation but have not been evaluated yet.
7719	Add a patient to MatchMaker server.
7720	Deletes all affected samples for a case from MatchMaker
7721	Fetches and processes Matchmaker submission data for a case, retrieves matches for each patient from the MatchMaker server, and returns the data along with any server errors.
7722	Initiates a MatchMaker match against other Scout patients or external nodes and returns a list of matches.
7723	Load the hgnc aliases to the mongo database.
7724	Parse how variant callers have performed for a given variant and return a dictionary of their results.
7725	Builds a hgnc_transcript object from transcript information.
7726	The `load_institute` function loads a new institute into the database using the provided adapter, internal ID, display name, and optional Sanger recipients.
7727	Check if the cadd phred score is annotated and return the highest score.
7728	Loads a case into the database using the provided configuration and variant files.
7729	This function updates a variant document in the database with the provided variant object and returns the updated variant.
7730	Updates the manual rank for all variants in a case based on the rank score.
7731	Updates compounds for a variant by adding necessary information and retrieving variant objects.
7732	Update the compounds for a set of variants.
7733	Update the compound information for a bulk of variants in the database using pymongo.
7734	Updates the compounds for a case by looping over all coding intervals, fetching variants within those intervals, and then updating the compounds and variant data in a bulk operation.
7735	Insert a variant object into the database, raising an error if a duplicate is found.
7736	Load a variant object and update its compounds if it already exists in the database.
7737	Load a bulk of variants into the database, handling duplicates and exceptions.
7738	Assigns a user to a case by creating an event and updating the case's assignees list.
7739	Share a case with a new institute and update the case's collaborators, returning the updated case.
7740	Diagnoses a case using OMIM IDs by adding or removing them from the specified list in the case document and creates an event if the case is updated.
7741	Marks a case as checked or unchecked from an analysis point of view and updates the case object with the new status.
7742	This function verifies a variant and creates events for both the variant and case in an institute.
7743	Get all variants with validations ever ordered, grouped by case_id.
7744	This interface is used to mark the validation status for a variant and returns the updated variant object.
7745	Mark a variant as causative in a case, updating the case status and creating corresponding events.
7746	Create an event for updating the manual dismiss variant entry and update the dismiss variant field of the variant.
7747	Creates an event for updating the ACMG classification of a variant and updates the variant document accordingly.
7748	Constructs a dictionary containing various IDs for a given genetic variant based on chromosome, position, reference and alternative alleles, as well as case ID and variant type.
7749	Method returns a simple human-readable variant ID by joining chromosome, position, reference, and alternate alleles with underscores.
7750	Returns the unique document id for a variant in an md5 string by concatenating the input parameters and generating an md5 hash.
7751	Convert a gene panel from HGNC symbols to HGNC IDs.
7752	Create a new variant ID based on the given variant object and family ID.
7753	Returns the number of cases based on the given institute_id.
7754	This method updates the dynamic gene list for a case by adding gene dictionaries with HGNC symbols, IDs, and descriptions.
7755	Fetches a single case from the database using either its case_id or a combination of institute_id and display_name.
7756	Delete a single case from the database.
7757	Adds a case to the database, raising an exception if the case already exists.
7758	This method replaces an existing case with a new one while keeping the same object ID and updates the `updated_at` field to the current time.
7759	Update a case's ID across the database, including its variants, ACMG classifications, and events, and then delete the old case.
7760	Submit an evaluation to the database with relevant information and update the ACMG classification for the variant.
7761	Return all evaluations for a certain variant.
7762	Parses and merges transcript information from multiple lines or a DataFrame into a dictionary mapping Ensembl transcript IDs to their details.
7763	Parse dataframe with ensembl gene information and yield gene_info dictionary.
7764	Parse a dataframe with ensembl transcript information and yield a dictionary for each transcript.
7765	Parse an Ensembl formatted line and extract relevant information into a dictionary.
7766	Parse lines with ensembl formated genes and yield a dictionary with relevant information.
7767	Parse lines with ensembl formatted exons and yield a dictionary with relevant information.
7768	Parse and yield gene information from an Ensembl exon request dataframe.
7769	Initializes a logger with a specified format and log level, optionally writing to a file and printing warnings and errors to stderr.
7770	Parse an OMIM line into a dictionary using the provided header.
7771	Parse OMIM morbid lines and yield parsed OMIM lines.
7772	Parse a genemap file to extract phenotypes by mim number and store the information in a dictionary.
7773	This method reads OMIM files and processes gene and phenotype data.
7774	Converts a string to a number (int or float) or returns None if not possible.
7775	Return a formatted month as a table.
7776	Sets commonly used variables for formatting a day in a calendar, including weekday classes, URLs, and anchor tags.
7777	Change colspan to "5", add "today" button, and return a month name as a table row.
7778	Callback for re.sub to replace link text with markup.Turns out using a callback function is actually faster than using backrefs plus this lets us provide a hook for user customization.linker_takes_context = True means that the linker gets passed context like a standard format function.
7779	Parse and extract metadata for a gene panel from a panel file header.
7780	Parse a gene line with information from a panel file and return a dictionary with the gene information.
7781	Parses a file with genes and returns the hgnc ids.
7782	Parse the gene panel information from a file and return a dictionary containing details of the panel.
7783	Shows all diseases in the database, logging the number found and listing each disease's ID.
7784	Update the HPO terms in the database by fetching the latest release and updating the terms.
7785	Display and rank users by the total events they have.
7786	Parse conservation predictors from a variant dictionary.
7787	Get the conservation prediction based on a variant dictionary and an info key.
7788	Retrieves and summarizes general information about cases based on the provided adapter and optional query parameters.
7789	Groups cases based on their status and returns statistics for each group.
7790	Return a JSON response by transforming 'context' to make the payload.
7791	Get the year and month from query parameters or default to the current year and month if not specified.
7792	Checks if any events are cancelled on a given date and appends '(CANCELLED)' to the event title if they are.
7793	Fetches a hpo term from the hpo_term_collection using the provided hpo_id.
7794	Return all HPO terms matching a query, description, or specific term, with an optional limit and sorted by hpo_number.
7795	Return a disease term based on whether the identifier is a disease number or an ID by querying the disease_term_collection.
7796	Return all disease terms that overlap a gene or all disease terms if no gene is provided.
7797	Loads a disease term into the database and handles the case where the term already exists.
7798	Generates a sorted list of HGNC genes associated with the given HPO terms.
7799	Reads data from an HDF5 file and populates a Filterbank instance with it, with options to specify frequency and time ranges and whether to load data into memory.
7800	Setup frequency axis based on start and stop frequencies or channel indices.
7801	Sets up the time axis for a dataset based on start and stop times, or the default range if not provided, and calculates the corresponding indices and timestamps.
7802	Load data from a Filterbank file into the Filterbank instance.
7803	Computes the Local Sidereal Time (LST) for an observation based on the telescope ID and header information.
7804	Blank DC bins in coarse channels by replacing them with the median of a subset of channels.
7805	Print a formatted header with information about the file, including time, frequencies, and data shape.
7806	Sets up the plotting edges based on the given frequency and time ranges, and optionally converts to Modified Julian Date (MJD) time.
7807	Plot a waterfall diagram of spectral data.
7808	Plot a time series of power versus frequency or time, with options for logarithmic scaling and different orientations.
7809	Writes data to a blimpy file in filterbank format with a warning to use a different function.
7810	This function calibrates the band pass by dividing the data by the median value of every frequency fine channel.
7811	Converts a data array by averaging over coarse channels.
7812	Applies Mueller matrix to calibrate Stokes parameters for an observation given differential gains and phase differences.
7813	Calibrates a filterbank file using a noise diode measurement to correct for instrumental effects and produces either a single or four separate files containing the Stokes-calibrated parameters.
7814	Output fractional linear and circular polarizations for a rawspec cross polarization .fil file
7815	Writes two new filterbank files containing fractional linear and circular polarization data.
7816	Return the index of the closest value in `xarr` to the given `val`.
7817	Rebins data by averaging bins together into specified number of bins in each direction.
7818	Function to upgrade data from nbits to 8bits, handling different bit depths and raising errors for invalid inputs.
7819	Calculate the difference between ON and OFF measurements for Stokes parameters given a cross-polarized noise diode measurement.
7820	Plots the uncalibrated full Stokes spectrum of the noise diode, optionally showing the ON and OFF states separately or their difference.
7821	This function plots the corrected noise diode spectrum for a given noise diode measurement after applying the inverse Mueller matrix for the electronics chain.
7822	Plots the calculated gain offsets of each coarse channel along with the time averaged power spectra of the X and Y feeds.
7823	Function to open a HDF5 or filterbank file and return an instance of a Reader to read data from the file.
7824	Make sure the selection's time and frequency are within the file limits and adjust them if necessary, updating the selection shape accordingly.
7825	Calculates the size of the data of interest based on the number of integrations, frequency channels, and bytes per integration.
7826	Calculate the shape of the data of interest based on integration and frequency channel parameters.
7827	Calculates the start and stop indices of the channels based on the given frequency range.
7828	Updating frequency borders based on channel values and offset.
7829	Populate the time axis and return the timestamps based on the integration range and sample time.
7830	Creates a frequency array based on the channel indices and header information.
7831	Calculate the number of coarse channels in a given file based on the channel bandwidth or the number of frequency channels, with limitations for certain telescope data.
7832	Given the blob dimensions, this function calculates how many blobs can fit within the data selection by dividing the total volume of the selection by the volume of a single blob and rounding up to the nearest whole number.
7833	Checks if the current selection is larger than the maximum allowed data array size.
7834	Reads data within a specified range from a binary file and loads it into a NumPy array.
7835	To be implemented.
7836	This method reads a block of data from a file and returns it as a 2-D NumPy array with the specified number of channels, optionally reversing the x-axis.
7837	Read data selection if small enough and load it.
7838	Updates the header information in a file based on the selection, including frequency, number of channels, and time stamp.
7839	Prints header information and other derived information about a file.
7840	Write data to a `.fil` file, checking the file size to determine the writing method, and log the conversion time.
7841	Write data to HDF5 file based on file size and update header.
7842	Write data to HDF5 file in one go.
7843	Sets the blob dimensions, attempting to read around 1024 MiB at a time, while avoiding having multiple blobs within a single time bin.
7844	Sets the chunking dimensions depending on the file type.
7845	Extracts a portion of data from a dataset by specified frequency range.
7846	Command line tool for plotting and viewing information on Guppi Raw files.
7847	Read the first header from a file and return it as a dictionary.
7848	Count the number of data blocks in a file by reading headers and seeking through the data.
7849	Compute and print basic statistics (mean, standard deviation, maximum, and minimum) for the next block of data using the `pylab` library for plotting.
7850	Plots a histogram of data values from the next data block.
7851	Generate a blimpy header dictionary based on the first header and additional parameters.
7852	Find the header size of a filterbank file
7853	Compares the checksums of two .fil files to determine if they are the same.
7854	This method is a command line tool that reads Guppi raw files and converts them into HDF5 formats.
7855	Calculate and return the time-averaged spectra of ON and OFF measurements from a dynamic spectrum with a flickering noise diode.
7856	Folds Stokes I noise diode data and integrates along coarse channels, calculating ON and OFF values and returning the coarse channel spectra.
7857	Calculate fluxes of a calibrator source within a frequency range based on given properties and choice of calculation method.
7858	Returns the central frequency of each coarse channel by averaging the frequency bins within each coarse channel.
7859	Calculate f_ON and f_OFF as defined in van Straten et al. 2012 equations 2 and 3 using observation files for a calibrator source.
7860	Calculate the coarse channel spectrum and system temperature of a noise diode from ON and OFF observations, using the known flux, frequency, and spectral index of a calibrator source.
7861	Calculates the frequency-dependent system temperature based on calibrator source observations.
7862	Produce calibrated Stokes I for an observation given a noise diode measurement on the source and a diode spectrum with the same number of coarse channels
7863	Determine the length of a header in a file by searching for a specific marker.
7864	Open file and confirm if it is a filterbank file or not.
7865	Fix the header value of a Filterbank file by overwriting the current value with a desired 'fixed' version.
7866	Generates a serialized sigproc header for a Filterbank object that can be written to disk.
7867	This function converts an astropy.Angle to a string in a specific sigproc format.
7868	Calculate the number of integers in a given file based on its header and binary data.
7869	Converts a Traceback into a dictionary representation
7870	Make and return a subparser for a given type of DNS record.
7871	Make an ArgumentParser that accepts DNS RRs.
7872	Removes comments from zonefiles.
7873	indifferent function
7874	Parse a line of tokens using a parser and update the set of parsed records accordingly.
7875	Parse a zonefile into a dictionary, handling flattened lines and optional invalid line skipping.
7876	Parse a zonefile into a dictionary by removing comments, flattening the text, removing the class, adding a default name, and then parsing the lines.
7877	Quote a field in a list of DNS records and return the new data records.
7878	Load and return a PySchema class from an avsc string.
7879	This function can be used to generate a Python package from a collection of classes, creating one module per namespace and handling imports accordingly.
7880	Generate Python source code for one specific class using a given schema and indentation.
7881	Temporarily disable automatic registration of records in the auto_store.
7882	Convert a record object to a JSON-encodable dictionary.
7883	Create a Record instance from a json-compatible dictionary.
7884	Create a Record instance from a json serialized dictionary
7885	Decorator to add schema to record store for retrieval at record load time.
7886	Will return a matching record by first checking for a full name match and then by checking for a partial name match (i.e., the last part of the full name), or raise KeyError if no record is found.
7887	Return a dictionary containing the definition of a field for a pyschema class, including nullable, default, and optional description fields.
7888	Decorator for mixing in additional functionality into a class by copying attributes and methods from a mixin class.
7889	Creates a proper PySchema class from the given class, transferring its methods and attributes, and optionally enabling automatic storage.
7890	Return a python dict representing the jsonschema of a record.
7891	Return a root jsonschema for a given record, including all sub-record schemas and definitions.
7892	Converts a file object with JSON-serialized pyschema records to a stream of pyschema objects.
7893	Writes a stream of JSON-serialized PySchema Records to a file object.
7894	Insert a key-value pair at the beginning of an OrderedDict and return the updated copy.
7895	Specify query string to use with the collection and return a SearchResult object.
7896	Sends all filters to the API and returns a SearchResult object.
7897	Method for retrieving all entities in a collection with specified attributes included.
7898	Determines the correct collection for an entity based on the href value in the result.
7899	When you pass a quote character, returns another one if possible, otherwise raises a ValueError.
7900	Escape a filter value, attempting to handle different data types and edge cases.
7901	Constructs an elementary rotation matrix for rotation around the x, y, or z-axis by a given angle in radians.
7902	Constructs a covariance matrix for astrometric parameters and radial velocity given the input uncertainties and correlations.
7903	Calculate radial velocity error from V-band magnitude and spectral type, using empirical coefficients to interpolate an average sky value.
7904	Calculate and print the parallax error, absolute and relative magnitudes, and standard error from the given input source magnitude and colour.
7905	Calculate the G band photometric standard error as a function of G-band magnitude, including a 20% margin.
7906	Calculate the end of mission photometric standard error in the G band as a function of G, including a 20% margin.
7907	Generates a plot of photometry performance predictions based on command line arguments.
7908	Returns the average number of transits across the Gaia focal plane for given values of ecliptic latitude.
7909	Calculate the angular distance between pairs of sky coordinates in radians.
7910	Rotates Cartesian coordinates from one reference system to another using the rotation matrix with which the class was initialized.
7911	Converts sky coordinates from one reference system to another using a rotation matrix.
7912	Transform the astrometric covariance matrix to its representation in a new coordinate system using a rotation matrix derived from the given angles phi and theta.
7913	Look up the numerical factors to apply to the sky averaged parallax error in order to obtain error values for a given astrometric parameter, taking the Ecliptic latitude into account.
7914	Generates a plot of relative parallax errors as a function of distance for stars of a given spectral type.
7915	Generates a plot of radial velocity performance predictions based on given stellar parameters and saves it as either a PDF or PNG file.
7916	Utility function to select the first non-null result from a list of functions applied to a value.
7917	Decorator for eval_ that prints a helpful error message if an exception is generated in a Q expression.
7918	Converts a value to Unicode and adds quotes if it was initially a string.
7919	Call `func` on each element in the collection, returning a new Collection with the results.
7920	Return a new Collection excluding items that satisfy the provided function.
7921	Return a new Collection with some items removed based on a boolean-like function.
7922	Return a new Collection discarding items after the first item where the func returns False.
7923	Return a new Collection with items removed until a certain condition is met.
7924	Zip items of the collection with one or more other sequences and return a new collection with the results.
7925	Find a single Node among this Node's descendants.
7926	Return potential locations of IACA installation.
7927	Generate a generator that yields all groups of simple regex-like expression.
7928	Generate a list of register option strings based on input regular expression patterns.
7929	Return a LIKWID event string from an event tuple or keyword arguments.
7930	Compile list of minimal runs for given events by scheduling them in runs with unique register locations.
7931	Report analysis outcome in human-readable form, including detailed information and performance metrics based on verbosity level and results.
7932	Print a human-readable report of the model, including CPU and memory bottleneck information and IACA analysis.
7933	Generate a human-readable report of a model based on the results.
7934	Naively removes comments, macros, and pragmas from source code while preserving line numbers.
7935	Return the smallest multiple of the base that is greater than or equal to x.
7936	Return a list of block indices for splitting a list of integers into blocks of a specified size, with an optional initial boundary.
7937	Gathers cache statistics by dispatching to a cache predictor and updates the results dictionary with cycle data and cache hit, miss, and eviction information.
7938	Calculates performance model cycles based on cache statistics and updates the results dictionary accordingly.
7939	Runs a complete analysis and returns results. Calculates cache access, cycles, and flops per iteration.
7940	Runs a complete analysis using IACA and returns results.
7941	Strips whitespaces and comments from assembly lines.
7942	Removes all labels in the assembly code that are never referenced.
7943	Return the best block from a list of blocks based on a heuristic that prioritizes packed instructions.
7944	Let user interactively select byte increment and store it in the block.
7945	Present a list of blocks to the user and let them interactively select one. If debug mode is on, it also prints the corresponding code lines and metadata for the selected block.
7946	Inserts IACA markers into a list of ASM instructions at specified start and end lines.
7947	Adds IACA markers to an assembly file, instrumenting a specified block with loop increment handling options. Raises ValueError if loop increment cannot be determined automatically and manual selection is not used.
7948	Execute command line interface to find and analyze basic loop blocks and mark for IACA.
7949	Setup and execute a model with a given blocking length by adding constants, analyzing the model, and summing the cycles.
7950	Generator which returns evenly spaced integers over an interval, either in a linear or log space, with the option to include or exclude the endpoint.
7951	Return the datetime object of the latest change in the kerncraft module directory.
7952	Check and validate user arguments, converting certain inputs and setting default values as needed based on specified conditions.
7953	Initialize and run command line interface.
7954	Parses command line arguments for pickle files, recursively merges their contents, and writes the result back to the destination file while truncating it.
7955	Create a sympy.Symbol with positive and integer assumptions.
7956	Transform multidimensional declaration to a single dimension declaration in-place, returning the array's name and dimensions.
7957	Transforms a multidimensional reference in an AST to a single-dimensional reference in-place.
7958	Returns a list of nodes of a specific type in an AST.
7959	For a given function, return its result as an iterable object by wrapping it in a list if it's not already an iterable.
7960	Check that information about kernel makes sense and is valid.
7961	Set constant of a given name to an integer value, handling both string and sympy.Symbol types for the name.
7962	Replaces constants in an expression unless it is already a number.
7963	Return a dictionary with all arrays sizes.
7964	Calculate the relative offset from the iteration center in number of elements for a given name and access dimensions.
7965	Removes duplicate source and destination accesses by converting the sets of accesses to sets.
7966	Returns the number of global loop iterations that are performed. If a specific dimension is provided, returns the length of that loop.
7967	An operator to yield loop stack dictionaries in order from outer to inner.
7968	Returns the order of indices as they appear in array references, optionally filtering for sources and destinations
7969	Return a dictionary of lists of sympy accesses for each variable, filtered by sources and destinations.
7970	Return.load and store distances.between accesses.
7971	Return sympy expressions translating global_iterator to loop indices.
7972	Returns the global iterator in a sympy expression for a loop structure.
7973	Transform a dictionary of indices to a global iterator integer.
7974	Return global iterator with last iteration number.
7975	Print kernel information in human-readable format to the output file.
7976	Print variables information in human-readable format to the specified output file.
7977	Print constants information in human-readable format to a specified output file.
7978	Print source code of kernel to specified output.
7979	Converts mathematical expressions in AST format to a sympy representation, handling ID, Constant, and BinaryOp nodes.
7980	Return a tuple of offsets of an ArrayRef object in all dimensions, with index order right to left.
7981	Return base name of ArrayRef object.
7982	Return the index type used in loop nest and raise an exception if indices differ
7983	Generate constants declarations
7984	Returns array declarations from the kernel AST block items.
7985	Return the kernel loop nest including any preceding pragmas and following swaps.
7986	Generate declaration statements for arrays, transform multi-dimensional arrays to one-dimensional arrays, and initialize them with malloc, returning a list of declarations and a dictionary of array names and original dimensions.
7987	Returns the inner most for loop in the loop nest.
7988	Generate initialization statements for arrays by replacing array references with random float assignments.
7989	Generates a false if branch with dummy calls.
7990	Construct and return a kernel function declaration with the specified name, containing arrays, scalars, and constants.
7991	Build scalar variable declarations, optionally initializing them with random values for specific data types.
7992	Generate and return compilable source code with kernel function from AST, optionally with OpenMP support and as a file.
7993	Generates and returns a kernel call AST with all necessary arguments.
7994	Generate and return compilable source code from AST, optionally returning the filename.
7995	Run an IACA analysis on a specified micro-architecture and assembly block, compiling, assembling, and analyzing the instrumented binary.
7996	Compiles source code to an executable with likwid capabilities and returns the executable name.
7997	Convert any string to a sympy object or None.
7998	Return a unique identifier for a data object, either as the base name of a file path or a SHA-256 checksum of the data.
7999	Returns the UTC datetime of the last modified time of the file specified by `_path`, or the current UTC datetime if `_path` is not a file.
8000	Function that returns a `cachesim.CacheSimulator` object based on the machine description.
8001	Given the input parameters such as cache level, read and write streams, and threads per core, the function returns the best fitting bandwidth, considering both memory hierarchy and read/write data transfer.
8002	Return the compiler and compiler flags, selecting from machine description file, command-line arguments, or default values.
8003	Parse events in machine description to tuple representation used in Benchmark module.
8004	Enforces no overlapping ranges in internal storage by adjusting or removing overlapping entries.
8005	Return local folder path of header files.
8006	Aligns an iteration with a cacheline boundary by either subtracting or adding the necessary increments.
8007	Return a list with number of loaded cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8008	Return a list with number of hit cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8009	Compute the number of missed cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8010	Return a list with the number of stored cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8011	Get a list of the number of evicted cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8012	Return verbose information about the predictor
8013	Fixes an environment variable to a specified value within a context and restores it afterwards if the value is None.
8014	Method to configure an argument parser with options for disabling phenomenological ECM model building, specifying the number of iterations, and ignoring warnings about mismatches between CPU model and frequency.
8015	Report gathered analysis data in human-readable form to the specified output file.
8016	Parses the description in the README file, converting it to a clean format suitable for PyPI.
8017	Schedule a retry with a countdown and a maximum number of attempts based on the configuration.
8018	Build and return a Sailthru purchase item object based on course information.
8019	Attempts to record a purchase in Sailthru and returns True if successful or False if a retryable error occurs.
8020	Get course information using the Sailthru content API or from cache.
8021	Get course information from Ecommerce, returning.title and verification_deadline, or an empty dict if an error occurs.
8022	Update a user's unenrolled course list in the Sailthru user record.
8023	Sends a course refund email to the specified recipient with details about the refund, including the amount, course name, order number, and order URL.
8024	Handles sending offer assignment notification emails and retrying failed emails when appropriate.
8025	Return a dictionary with logging configuration.
8026	Retry order with exponential backoff on failure.
8027	Requests the fulfillment of an order and retries if an error occurs.
8028	Returns a Sailthru client for the specified site, raising exceptions if Sailthru is not enabled or if the API key and secret are not set.
8029	Retrieve a cached object by key, checking for expiration and deleting expired objects.
8030	Save an object in the cache with a specified key, value, and duration.
8031	Retrieve a value from a configuration module using a variable name and optionally a site code for site-specific overrides.
8032	Get the name of the file containing configuration overrides specified in an environment variable.
8033	Finds the value in a dictionary based on the current EnergyPlus version.
8034	Return the most recent EnergyPlus version available if `_eplus_version` is not defined.
8035	Initialize and return a dictionary of file references with constructors and path retrieval functions.
8036	The _dev_populate_from_json_data method populates a record and its linked external files from JSON data, while also managing any associated records and hooks.
8037	An external file manages file paths and retrieves a list of all external files associated with the current object.
8038	All fields of tables with default values and null values will be set to their default values.
8039	This function initializes an extensible data structure by identifying the cycle length, patterns, and necessary field descriptors, and then stores this information for later use.
8040	Manages the retrieval of an extensible name based on the index and field descriptor, potentially replacing "1" with the cycle number.
8041	Generate a dictionary of shortened references for external files, avoiding unnecessary registrations and un-registrations.
8042	Returns the value from a specified column of the first row that matches a criteria in another specified column.
8043	Update the value at the specified index in the `_data` attribute based on the provided field descriptor, handling the deactivation and unregistration of previous links, hooks, and external files if necessary.
8044	Updates simultaneously all given fields by checking data, un registering old links, storing the record in a table, and activating hooks, links, and external files.
8045	Sets all empty fields in the object to their default values if a default is defined.
8046	Add values to an extensible record without specifying field names or indexes.
8047	Removes a value from an extensible field at a specified index and returns the serialized value.
8048	Insert a value at the specified index in an extensible field and shift subsequent values.
8049	Deletes record and removes it from the database.
8050	Register a record hook with a unique key in the target record.
8051	Sets the target record or table for a given link and stores the link by both source and target in dictionaries.
8052	Create regular expression from intent pattern. Returns None if error occurs.
8053	Return the remaining duration for a recording, which is the maximum of 0 and the difference between the end time and the maximum of the start time and the given time.
8054	Converts the object to a dictionary that can be serialized to JSON.
8055	Make an HTTP request to a given URL with optional parameters.
8056	Retrieves available service endpoints for a given service type from the Opencast ServiceRegistry.
8057	Try to create a directory, passing silently if the directory already exists.
8058	This method configures a service by retrieving its location from Opencast and adding it to the current configuration, handling retries in case of errors.
8059	Register this capture agent at the Matterhorn admin server so that it shows up in the admin interface.
8060	Send the state of the current recording to the Matterhorn core, unless in backup mode.
8061	Update the status of a particular event in the database.
8062	Update the current agent state in opencast based on the status of various services.
8063	Check if a specified configuration file exists, return its path or a default path if it does not.
8064	Update and validate configuration from a file, including checks for matching lists and a trailing slash in the server URL.
8065	Check the configuration for potential security issues, such as disabling HTTPS checks or using an inaccessible certificate file.
8066	Initializes a logger with different handlers based on the configuration settings.
8067	Serve the status page of the capture agent.
8068	Serve the preview image with the given ID
8069	Starts and waits for all the input service modules to complete.
8070	Parses an iCalendar file generated by Opencast and returns a list of events as dictionaries.
8071	Try to load and parse a schedule from the Matterhorn core and update the database with the upcoming events.
8072	The `control_loop` method manages the main operations of a schedule service, including retrieving the schedule, monitoring for upcoming events, updating the status, and ensuring the service runs in a loop with a specified update frequency until termination.
8073	Update the capture agent state in a control loop until termination, handling watchdog notifications and periodic updates.
8074	Return a response with a JSONAPI error object
8075	Return a response with a list of jsonapi data objects
8076	This function serves a JSON representation of internal agent state as metadata, providing the status of various services.
8077	Serve a JSON representation of events by querying upcoming and recorded events from the database and serializing them.
8078	Return a specific event JSON.
8079	Deletes a specific event identified by its uid, optionally including recorded files, and returns 204 if successful or 404 if the event does not exist.
8080	Custom method to modify an event specified by its uid by updating its attributes if they are valid.
8081	Given a property string containing configuration and definition parameters, this function separates and extracts the configuration parameters into a list of (key, value) tuples, and the workflow definition into a separate variable.
8082	Ingest a recording into the Opencast server by creating a mediapackage, adding various DC catalogs and tracks, and initiating the ingest process with an optional workflow.
8083	Start the capture process, creating necessary files and directories, and recording an event.
8084	Constructs and returns a simple HTML fragment with embedded JavaScript and CSS.
8085	Returns a list of unique `FragmentResource`s in the order of their first appearance.
8086	Returns a dictionary representation of the fragment.
8087	Returns a new Fragment object initialized with values from a dictionary.
8088	Adds the input content to the existing content of a fragment.
8089	Add a resource to a fragment with a specified MIME type and placement.
8090	Adds a resource identified by a URL to the fragment
8091	Register a Javascript function to initialize the Javascript resources and optionally pass initialization arguments.
8092	Generate HTML for a specific placement of resources.
8093	Method for converting a resource object into HTML by wrapping its data in the appropriate HTML tag based on its mimetype and kind.
8094	Render a fragment to HTML or return JSON describing it, based on the request.
8095	Renders a standalone page as a response for the specified fragment.
8096	Render the specified fragment to HTML for a standalone page.
8097	Print corrected p-values.
8098	This function converts a list or n-dimensional array to a one-dimensional array.
8099	Find matching q-values for each score in 'scores' using a nearest match algorithm with cutoffs from 'err_df'.
8100	Compute posterior probabilities for each chromatogram in an experiment, considering both hypothesis of peaks being correct and hypothesis of all peaks being false.
8101	Creates artificial cutoff sample points and returns a new dataframe with these points.
8102	Create a summary error table for a dataframe containing q-values and their corresponding statistics.
8103	Generate error statistics for target values using user-provided scores and parameters
8104	Finds the cutoff target score for a specified false discovery rate fdr.
8105	Performs semi-supervised learning and error-rate estimation for MS1, MS2, and transition-level data using XGBoost and PyProphet.
8106	Infer peptidoforms after scoring MS1, MS2, and transition-level data.
8107	Infer peptides and conduct error-rate estimation in different contexts.
8108	Infers proteins and conducts error-rate estimation in different contexts.
8109	Subsample an OpenSWATH file based on a given ratio and test parameter.
8110	Reduce scored PyProphet file to minimum for global scoring
8111	Backpropagate multi-run peptide and protein scores to single files
8112	Filter sqMass files based on precursor, peakgroup, and transition peptide counts.
8113	Retrieves a restclients.Group object for a specified group ID.
8114	Creates a group from the passed Group object.
8115	Deletes a group by its ID.
8116	Returns a list of restclients.GroupMember objects for the specified group ID.
8117	Updates the membership of a group and returns a list of members not found.
8118	This interface is used to return the count of effective members for a given group ID.
8119	Checks if a given netid is an effective member of a specified group by making a API request.
8120	Modify Sphinx documentation configuration to include custom extensions and set the theme to 'read-the-docs'.
8121	Create a dataset in a group to represent a sparse array using the given data, dtype, and shape, with optional sparse format specifying the storage method.
8122	Decrypts context.io_manager's stdin using the provided key and sends the decrypted output to context.io_manager's stdout.
8123	This method returns a stdin-suitable file-like object based on the optional os_path and optionally skipping any configured sub-command.
8124	This method returns a file-like object for stdout based on the optional os_path and whether to skip any configured sub-command.
8125	This method returns either the standard error input of a sub-command or a file-like object based on optional parameters for the operating system path and whether to skip a configured sub-command.
8126	This function returns a file-like object for debugging purposes, optionally based on a given OS path and sub-command configuration.
8127	A context manager that yields a stdin-suitable file-like object based on the optional os_path and optionally skipping any configured sub-command.
8128	Yields a stdout-suitable file-like object that may optionally skip a sub-command and handle disk closure.
8129	A context manager yielding a stderr-suitable file-like object based on the optional os_path and optionally skipping any configured sub-command.
8130	A context manager that provides a debug-output-suitable file-like object and optionally skips a sub-command.
8131	Deletes all objects and containers in the account after verifying with the user.
8132	Deletes all objects in a container, with an option to repeatedly try until the container is fully empty.
8133	Converts an optional file keyword argument into an actual value, whether it be a passed value, a value obtained from an io_manager, or sys.stdout.
8134	For use as a decorator of instance methods - converts an optional file keyword argument into an actual value, whether it be a passed value, a value obtained from an io_manager, or sys.stderr.
8135	Writes out an error message to a specified file or the std error if no file is provided.
8136	Outputs help information to the specified file, the io_manager's stdout, or sys.stdout.
8137	Outputs usage information to the specified file or to the io_manager's stdout or sys.stdout.
8138	Outputs version information to a specified file or to the io_manager's stdout, or to sys.stdout by flushing.
8139	Raises an exception indicating that the "request" method is not implemented.
8140	POSTs an account with optional headers and query parameters, returning the HTTP response details.
8141	Sends a DELETE request to delete an account with optional parameters for query, headers, body, and CDN.
8142	HTTP PUT operation to update or create a container with optional headers and query parameters.
8143	HEADs the object and returns the results.
8144	Performs a GET request to retrieve the specified object and returns a tuple containing the response status, reason, headers, and contents.
8145	PUTs an object to a container and returns the HTTP response.
8146	HTTP POST operation to update object headers.
8147	Resolves an option value into the options dictionary by checking command-line options, environment variables, and configuration files in that order.
8148	Returns a shallow copy of the original `CLIContext` instance.
8149	Write headers to a file-like object in a formatted manner, optionally muting specified headers.
8150	Authenticates and outputs the resulting information for a given context involving various authentication parameters and storage details.
8151	Generates a temporary URL with a signature for secure access.
8152	Return URL-encoded string for the given value, ensuring UTF-8 encoding and protecting safe characters.
8153	Issues CLI commands for each item in an account or container listing.
8154	Obtains a client from a pool or creates a new one if none are available.
8155	Encrypt a content stream using AES 256 in CBC mode.
8156	Decrypts a content stream using AES 256 in CBC mode.
8157	Performs PUTs rooted at a specified path using a directory structure pointed to by context.input_.
8158	Performs a PUT request on an account using the provided context and returns the response status.
8159	Performs a PUT on the container.
8160	Returns a manifest file body and modifies put_headers based on the given context and path2info.
8161	Creates a container for file segments and returns a prefix for them.
8162	Generates a TempURL and sends it to the context.io_manager's stdout.
8163	Translates any information that can be determined from the x_trans_id and sends that to the context.io_manager's stdout.
8164	Outputs help information for a given command or the general usage.
8165	Check if the "file" is empty by reading a single byte.
8166	Encrypts context.io_manager's stdin and sends the encrypted data to stdout using AES encryption.
8167	Gets the status of a GitHub commit using the provided app, repo configuration, repository name, and SHA.
8168	Retrieves data for a given pull request using GitHub API.
8169	Returns the last 30 pull requests from a repository.
8170	Toggle the 'is_published' field to True for all 'SliderItemTitle' objects in the 'hero_slider' app.
8171	Return the published slider items based on the request and optionally limit the amount.
8172	Renders the hero slider with published slider items ordered by position.
8173	Acquire the lock to read by acquiring the _order_mutex, _readers_mutex, and _access_mutex if this is the first reader.
8174	Release the lock after reading
8175	Acquires locks for writing by acquiring `_order_mutex` and `_access_mutex` in sequence, then releases `_order_mutex`.
8176	This method adds a task to the registry with a unique task_id and specified backend, category, and other optional configurations, and raises an exception if a task with the same task_id already exists.
8177	Remove a task from the registry using its identifier and raise a `NotFoundError` exception if the identifier is not found.
8178	Method for retrieving a task from the registry using its task identifier.
8179	Returns the sorted list of tasks by task ID.
8180	Converts the attributes of a task configuration object into a dictionary using the properties defined in the class.
8181	Create an object from a dictionary, initializing with key-value pairs and raising a ValueError for unknown parameters.
8182	Execute a Perceval job on RQ and return the results.
8183	Initialize the archive manager with a specified archive path.
8184	Run the backend with given parameters, store items in Redis queue, and handle resuming and fetching from archive.
8185	Executes a Perceval backend with given arguments and returns an iterator of fetched items, potentially from an archive if specified.
8186	Configure the index to work with, and optionally clean it by deleting and recreating it if it already exists.
8187	Creates a mapping for an Elastic Search index.
8188	Returns a JSON-encoded string generated from the specified object.
8189	Write items to the queue using a generator.
8190	Add and schedule a task with specified parameters.
8191	Deletes the specified task.
8192	Returns the items fetched by the jobs by getting and removing queued items in an atomic transaction.
8193	Check that the task arguments received are valid by ensuring that the task_id, backend, category, and backend_args are not empty and that the backend_args is a dictionary.
8194	Parse the archive arguments of a task, setting the archive path to a default value if not provided.
8195	Custom method to execute a job, notify of its result by publishing data via a connection, and return the result.
8196	Schedule a job in the given queue with optional delay.
8197	Cancel the job related to the given task by acquiring a writer lock, retrieving the job ID, canceling the job if found, and releasing the lock.
8198	Runs a thread to listen for jobs and reschedule successful ones, logging any errors that occur.
8199	Listen for completed jobs using Redis pubsub and reschedule successful ones.
8200	Starts scheduling jobs in either async or sync mode.
8201	Schedule a task for execution.
8202	Cancel or 'un-schedule' a task.
8203	Handles successfully completed jobs by rescheduling them or updating task arguments based on the job's result and configuration settings.
8204	Log the failure of a job and cancel it
8205	Builds a dictionary of arguments required for running a job based on the task's attributes.
8206	Retrieve the content of a secret file by its name, returning a default value if not found.
8207	Registers the API view class in the bananas router with a specific prefix based on its basename.
8208	A decorator that registers a class-based view with a custom ModelAdmin and fake model, optionally specifying the admin site and admin class.
8209	Attempts to reverse the URL for the given name using the specified arguments and keyword arguments, falling back to the requested namespace if the request version is missing.
8210	Get or generate a human-readable view name, either from the view's explicitly set name or by inferring it from the view class name.
8211	builds a PEP386-compliant version number from a tuple
8212	Returns the object for the given key, resolving any Aliases to their targets, or raises a KeyError if the key is not found.
8213	Resolve the correct database engine based on the given scheme.
8214	Takes a "/"-delimited path and returns a tuple with the database name and schema or None if not provided.
8215	A function that parses a database URL and returns a Django-style database configuration dictionary.
8216	Parse a database URL and return a DatabaseInfo named tuple containing various components of the URL such as engine, name, schema, user, password, host, port, and params.
8217	Log in a Django staff user via HTTP POST.
8218	Retrieve information for the logged in user
8219	Change the password for a logged-in Django staff user.
8220	This method builds a URL field for a model serializer in DRF, updating the `kwargs` with the view name from `view.get_url_name("detail")`.
8221	Parses a string to a boolean value, returning True for "True", "Yes", "On", or "1", False for "False", "No", "Off", or "0", and raising a ValueError for other inputs.
8222	Parses a numeric string to an integer, supporting octal formatting by stripping "0o" and converting with base 8.
8223	Return appropriate parser for given type.
8224	Get and parse prefixed Django settings from the environment.
8225	Convert a Django model instance into a dictionary, optionally filtering by fields.
8226	Encode a string using a non-standard URL-safe base64 variant.
8227	Create a field by parsing a field info dictionary.
8228	Create a Validator instance from a dictionary describing validator's fields.
8229	Generates a Cartesian product of the input parameter dictionary while considering the order and dependencies of the parameters.
8230	Takes a list of explored parameters and returns unique parameter combinations.
8231	Turn simple logging kwargs into a `log_config`.
8232	Configure logging for a function using simple parameters if specified, otherwise use a default configuration.
8233	Tries to create directories for a given filename, ignoring any errors but notifying via stderr.
8234	Returns all valid Python strings inside a given argument string.
8235	Rename a given filename by replacing specific wildcards with corresponding trajectory and environment variables.
8236	Adds a logger with a given name, defaulting to the class name if no name is provided.
8237	Extracts wildcards and file replacements from a trajectory.
8238	Displays a progressbar
8239	Searches for parser settings that define filenames, renames them according to the wildcard rules, and optionally creates the corresponding folders.
8240	Turns a ConfigParser object into a StringIO stream.
8241	Searches for multiprocessing options within a ConfigParser and copies them into a new parser without the 'multiproc_' prefix.
8242	Searches for multiprocessing options in a given `dictionary`, copies them without the `'multiproc_'` prefix into a new dictionary, and adds the `'version'` key if present.
8243	Checks and converts all settings related to logging if necessary, including report progress and log configuration, and handles multiprocessing options.
8244	Check for filenames within a config file and translate them, creating necessary directories.
8245	Recursively walks through and copies the `log_config` dictionary, translates filenames, and creates necessary directories.
8246	Creates logging handlers and redirects stdout based on the provided configuration
8247	Finalizes the manager, closing and removing all handlers if desired.
8248	Establishes redirection of `stdout`
8249	Writes data from a buffer to a logger, avoiding recursion.
8250	Compares two result instances based on their full name and data, ignoring comments.
8251	Compares full name, data, and ranges of two parameter instances, raising ValueError if both are not parameter instances.
8252	For use as a decorator of functions - can be used to add manual run functionality to a function with options to turn it into a single run, store meta-data, and clean up data.
8253	Decorator to mark functions as deprecated, emitting a warning when used.
8254	If there exist mutually exclusive parameters, check for them and map param2 to 1.
8255	Convert old keyword argument names to new ones and issue a warning if the old name is used.
8256	Retries a function `n` times, catching specified errors and optionally logging each attempt.
8257	a class decorator that adds the prefix naming scheme by defining __getattr__ and __setattr__ methods.
8258	Adds all necessary parameters to the given trajectory object.
8259	Creates and runs a BRIAN network based on parameters in `traj`.
8260	Simulation function for Euler integration.
8261	Adds necessary parameters to the trajectory container for simulating the Lorenz attractor.
8262	The Lorenz attractor differential equation is used to calculate the next values of x, y, and z in a time series.
8263	Creates a service from a constructor and identifies unused keyword arguments.
8264	Creates a storage service based on the provided storage_service parameter, or a string pointing to a file, and returns the service along with any unused keyword arguments from kwargs.
8265	Adds necessary parameters to a trajectory container based on the specified differential equation.
8266	Computes the Roessler system differential equation.
8267	Compares and re-classifies a file pair based on their metadata and options.
8268	Checks if any parameter in `group_node` is explored within the trajectory.
8269	Computes model equations for inhibitory and excitatory populations by fusing equations and replacing placeholders.
8270	Pre-builds neuron groups based on trajectory and network parameters, adding inhibitory and excitatory neuron groups and storing them in the network dictionary.
8271	Builds the neuron groups if they haven't been pre-built before by adding inhibitory and excitatory neuron groups and updating the network dictionary.
8272	Builds the neuron groups from `traj`, adds the neuron groups to `brian_list` and `network_dict`.
8273	Pre-builds the connections between neurons in a Brian network based on the trajectory and network dictionary.
8274	Builds the connections if they haven't been pre-built.
8275	Adds parameters for the initial and measurement runs to a trajectory container.
8276	Computes the Fano Factor for a neuron by binning its spike counts over a specified time window and calculating the ratio of the variance to the mean of these spike counts.
8277	Compute average Fano Factor over many neurons
8278	Calculates average Fano Factor of a network using spike data from a trajectory and updates the trajectory with the result.
8279	Adds spike and state monitors to the network for excitatory neurons if the current subrun is the first order subrun.
8280	Adds spike and membrane potential monitors to a network and stores them in a dictionary.
8281	Creates a subfolder for plots based on trajectory analysis and returns the path to the folder.
8282	Plots a state variable graph for several neurons into one figure.
8283	Makes some plots and stores them into subfolders
8284	Analyzing data and plotting results if all subruns have been completed.
8285	Parses the batch id from the command line arguments.
8286	Choosing exploration parameters for a trajectory based on the batch number.
8287	Provides an alternative way to access `node.vars.name` by returning a `NNTreeNodeVars` object if it doesn't already exist.
8288	Retrieves or creates and returns the `_func` attribute of the instance, which is an instance of `NNTreeNodeFunc`.
8289	Renames tree node by setting `_full_name` and `_name` attributes.
8290	Sets internal details for handling depth, branch, and run_branch.
8291	Maps a given node and a store_load constant to the message that is understood by the storage service.
8292	Removes a subtree from a trajectory tree in RAM and recursively all nodes below the child that meet the given predicate without deleting anything from disk.
8293	Deletes a single node from the tree and removes all references to it, including from its parent, linked nodes, and dictionaries for fast search.
8294	Removes a single node from the tree from RAM only.
8295	Removes a given node from the tree, starting from a given node and walking recursively down the tree to the location of the node we want to remove.
8296	Maps a given shortcut to the corresponding name according to specific rules and returns True or False along with the mapped name.
8297	Adds the correct sub-branch prefix to a given name based on its parent node and group type name.
8298	Determines types for generic additions based on start node and flags for adding leaf or link.
8299	Adds a given item to the tree irrespective of the subtree.
8300	Adds a new item to a tree structure, creating intermediate groups as needed, and returns the added item.
8301	Create and validate a link under a given node, updating name mappings and counters.
8302	Checks if a list of strings contains valid names and returns a description of any violations.
8303	Generically creates a new group instance based on the provided type name and parent node.
8304	Generates a new parameter or result instance, or returns the existing one if provided, based on the specified type name and constructor.
8305	Renames a given instance based on parent node and name, adds meta information like depth, and sets updated details on the instance.
8306	Recursively generates an iterator over nodes hanging below a given start node, optionally considering children, links, and applying a predicate filter.
8307	Returns an iterator over a node's children, optionally including links.
8308	An iterator function traverses the tree below a given `node` in a breadth-first search manner, applying a `predicate` to filter nodes.
8309	Fast search for a node in the tree using reference dictionaries without traversing the tree.
8310	Searches for an item in the tree below a given node and returns the found node and its depth.
8311	Performs a backward search from the terminal node back to the start node, filtering based on the provided split name, maximum depth, and shortcuts.
8312	Returns `self._kids`, creating it if necessary.
8313	Can be called from storage service to create a new group to bypass name checking
8314	Can be called from storage service to create a new leaf to bypass name checking
8315	Returns a list of all children names by loading the root instance if conditions are met.
8316	Creates a dummy object containing the whole tree to make unfolding easier for debugging purposes.
8317	Returns the parent of the node or raises a TypeError if the node is the root.
8318	Adds an empty generic group under the current node, following specific structure rules and handling optional manual saving of items outside designated groups.
8319	Adds a link to an existing node, either by name or directly, with optional full name or item and restricts colon-separated names.
8320	Removes a link from the current group node with a given name, raising an error if the link does not exist.
8321	Adds an empty generic leaf under the current node using the provided arguments and keyword arguments.
8322	Remove the group and its children recursively or selectively based on a predicate if specified.
8323	Removes a child from the current group, optionally recursively and based on a predicate.
8324	Checks if the current node contains a specific parameter or result.
8325	similar to `f_get`, but returns the default value if `name` is not found in the trajectory; uses `f_get` method and returns default value in case of AttributeError or DataNotInStorageError, other errors are not handled; fast access is True by default
8326	Return a dictionary of nodes, either a shallow copy or the original.
8327	Returns a dictionary of groups hanging immediately below this group, optionally returning a shallow copy.
8328	This interface returns a dictionary of all leaves hanging immediately below the group, either as a copy or the original dictionary.
8329	Returns a link dictionary, either as a copy or the original.
8330	Stores a child or recursively a subtree to disk.
8331	Stores a group node to disk with optional recursive storage, data selection, and depth limitation.
8332	Loads a child or recursively a subtree from disk based on the provided name, with options to control whether to load data, whether to load recursively, and the maximum depth of the recursive load.
8333	Loads a group from disk recursively or to a specified depth, optionally loading data based on the provided flags.
8334	Adds an empty parameter group under the current node, optionally specifying its name and comment.
8335	Adds a parameter to the current node with the given name and value.
8336	Adds an empty result group under the current node with the full name of the current node as a prefix, and handles subgroups specified in the name parameter.
8337	Adds a result to the current node with the option to pass a Result instance or the values directly.
8338	Adds an empty derived parameter group under the current node, using the full name of the current node as a prefix and optionally creating parent groups based on the `name` parameter.
8339	Adds a derived parameter under the current group, similar to adding a parameter but with specific naming conventions for derived parameters and groups.
8340	Adds an empty config group under the current node, using the full name of the current node as a prefix, with support for subgroups separated by colons.
8341	Adds a config parameter under the current group, with optional prefix 'config' if the group is the trajectory.
8342	The fitness function evaluates an individual's performance based on the sum of its values, storing the result in a trajectory.
8343	Adds commit information to the trajectory.
8344	Makes a Git commit based on the provided environment, git repository, user message, and whether to fail if there are not committed changes, and returns whether a new commit was triggered and the SHA-1 code of the commit.
8345	Flattens a nested dictionary by concatenating keys with a specified separator.
8346	Nest a given flat dictionary by splitting keys around a specified separator.
8347	Plots a progress bar to the given `logger` for loops, showing the progress of iterations.
8348	Return a list of args and whether there are **kwargs.
8349	Returns a dictionary of keyword arguments that can be passed to a function based on its arguments.
8350	Formats a timestamp to a human-readable date and time string.
8351	Returns local TCP address for a given 'port', or an automatically determined port if 'None' is provided.
8352	Like os.makedirs but takes care of race conditions
8353	Resets the progress bar to start a new one, initializing various variables for tracking progress.
8354	Calculates the remaining time as a string based on the current time, start time, total tasks, and current index.
8355	Method to return annotations as a dictionary, optionally copying it.
8356	Removes a specified key from the annotations dictionary, raising an error if the key does not exist.
8357	Returns all annotations lexicographically sorted as a concatenated string.
8358	Converts a shared data item from a Result container into an ordinary one, optionally updating its trajectory and reloading data if specified.
8359	Converts an ordinary data item into a shared one by updating the result and requesting data for shared access.
8360	CREATE_SHARED_DATA
8361	Interface with the underlying storage by passing a request and related arguments to the StorageService.
8362	Returns the actual node of the underlying data, with a warning if the store is not open.
8363	Checks if the item is supported by the outer data structure.
8364	Return a shared data item with the given name and additional keyword arguments.
8365	Stores the current process name in the trajectory and overwrites previous settings.
8366	Handles locking of locks by sending a WAIT command if the lock is already held by another client, or setting the lock and sending a GO command if it is available, while warning if a client re-locks a lock without releasing it first.
8367	Notifies the server to shutdown.
8368	This method closes the socket and terminates the context if they are not already closed.
8369	The method starts a connection to a server if it's not already established and optionally performs a ping-pong test.
8370	Sends a request, retries if no response is received, and returns the response along with the number of retries left.
8371	Acquiring a lock by repeatedly sending a request to a server until a positive response is received.
8372	Method for handling listening requests from the client, including checking queue space, testing the socket, sending data, and processing completion.
8373	Sends data to the server if there is space in the queue, otherwise waits until there is space.
8374	Detects if the lock client was forked by comparing the current process's PID with the stored PID, and restarts the connection if a fork is detected.
8375	Handles data messages and performs actions such as storing data in a file or closing and reopening a file, and returns `True` if the message was 'DONE'.
8376	Starts listening to the queue and handles incoming data until specified conditions are met, then closes the storage service and clears the trajectory name.
8377	Gets data from queue.
8378	Gets data from pipe and returns it when available.
8379	Acquires a lock before storage and releases it afterwards.
8380	Simply keeps a reference to the stored data.
8381	Stores references to disk and collects garbage.
8382	Decorator wrapping the environment to use a config file
8383	Collects all settings within a section and returns them as a dictionary.
8384	Collects all information from three sections and returns it as a dictionary.
8385	Copies parsed arguments into the kwargs passed to the environment, prioritizing user-specified values and adding a log configuration if not already present.
8386	Adds parameters and config from the `.ini` file to the trajectory
8387	converts an integer to a binary list representation representing a rule for cellular automata
8388	Creates an initial state for the automaton, either a single live cell in the middle or a random pattern of zeros and ones.
8389	Plots an automaton and stores the image with a given filename.
8390	Simulates a 1-dimensional cellular automaton given an initial state, rule number, and number of steps.
8391	A main simulation function that tests cellular automaton rules with different initial states, simulates them, stores the results, and plots the patterns.
8392	Signals the process timer and emits a message if more time than the display time has passed, including the number of nodes processed and the processing speed.
8393	Retrieves or creates the overview group if it doesn't exist.
8394	Loads a particular item from disk based on the specified message and parameters.
8395	The method `store` in the given code snippet is a part of a storage service that handles various messages related to storing different types of items such as trajectories, parameters, results, and groups, either to disk or in memory.
8396	Loads several items from an iterable, where each item is a tuple containing a message, an item, and optionally additional arguments and keyword arguments.
8397	This method reads and sets properties from a trajectory object into the current instance, handling cases where attributes may not be found and setting default values.
8398	Stores several items from an iterable
8399	The _srvc_closing_routine method closes an hdf5 file only when closing=True and the file is not already closed. It flushes the file and store, handles errors that may occur, and sets the file and store attributes to None.
8400	Extracts file-related information from the provided keyword arguments and populates corresponding attributes.
8401	Backs up a trajectory to an HDF5 file, either using a specified filename or a default name based on the trajectory's name, and ensures that the trajectory does not already exist in the backup file.
8402	Reads out a row from a table and returns a dictionary with column names as keys and row content as values.
8403	Prepares a trajectory for merging by updating meta information, storing extended parameters, increasing the run table, and summarizing explored parameters.
8404	Loads meta information about a trajectory, including version, comment, timestamp, name, and run information.
8405	Loads data starting from a node along a branch and starts recursively loading all data at the end of the branch.
8406	Checks for version mismatch and raises a VersionMismatchError if the version of the loaded trajectory and the current pypet version do not match, unless `force=True` is specified.
8407	Fills the `run` overview table with information from a trajectory, updating and appending rows as needed.
8408	Recalls and stores the names of all explored parameters from an exploration table or by iterating through derived parameters in the trajectory group.
8409	Stores all explored parameter names for internal recall in an HDF5 group.
8410	Creates overview tables based on specified parameters and fills them with data from a trajectory object.
8411	Stores a trajectory to an hdf5 file, including groups, parameters, and results, with options to overwrite existing data and limit storage depth.
8412	Stores data starting from a node along a branch and recursively loads all data at the end of the branch.
8413	Creates a new pypet leaf instance and returns the leaf and length of the range if the parameter is explored.
8414	This method recursively loads nodes from an HDF5 file into a trajectory object, handling both leaf nodes and groups, and optionally loading associated data and links.
8415	Stores a tree node to HDF5, with the option to store recursively, and creates links if desired.
8416	Stores a single row into an overview table based on the provided instance, table, flags, and additional information.
8417	Tries to get an existing table or create a new table with provided description and expected row count (if any).
8418	Return an HDF5 node by the path specified in `name`.
8419	Stores original data type to hdf5 node attributes for preserving the data type.
8420	Checks if loaded data has the type it was stored in. If not converts it.
8421	Adds or modifies a row in a pytable based on the given index or condition. If the row exists, it modifies the row; if it doesn't exist, it adds a new row.
8422	Copies data from `insert_dict` into a pytables `row`.
8423	Extracts information from a given item to be stored into a pytable row.
8424	Cuts string data to the maximum length allowed in a pytables column if string is too long.
8425	Creates or returns a group with the specified name in the given parent HDF5 group.
8426	Creates new or follows existing group nodes along a given colon separated key, starting from a specified HDF5 group.
8427	Stores annotations from an item into an HDF5 file, optionally overwriting existing annotations.
8428	Load annotations from disk into RAM, ensuring they are empty before overwriting.
8429	Stores a group node by only saving annotations and comments.
8430	Loads a group node and potentially everything recursively below.
8431	Reloads skeleton data of a tree node by loading annotations and comment if they are empty.
8432	Extracts storage flags for data in `data_dict` if they were not specified in `flags_dict`.
8433	Adds data to the summary tables and determines whether to store the instance's comment, potentially moving comments upwards in the hierarchy.
8434	Adds metadata and information to an HDF5 group and updates overview tables.
8435	Stores data from a dictionary into an HDF5 group based on specified storage flags.
8436	Stores a parameter or result to an HDF5 file, handling various storage options and flags.
8437	Writes data to an HDF5 file based on the specified flag.
8438	Creates and initializes a new table in an HDF5 file with optional first row data.
8439	Stores a dictionary as a table in an HDF5 file and updates metadata accordingly.
8440	Stores a pandas DataFrame into hdf5.
8441	Stores data as a carray, earray, or vlarray in an HDF5 file based on the specified flag.
8442	Stores data as an array in an HDF5 file while handling different data types and ensuring unique keys.
8443	Link deleted from disk
8444	Removes a parameter, result, or group from the HDF5 file.
8445	Stores data as a PyTables table, handling cases where the number of columns exceeds a predefined limit by splitting the data into multiple tables.
8446	Return a dictionary describing the structure of a pytables table.
8447	Creates a pytables column instance based on the type of the first element in the input column.
8448	Calculates the longest string size from a list of strings, ensuring extra space is allocated for future growth.
8449	Loads data from an HDF5 group into a dictionary based on specified loading flags and filters.
8450	Loads and converts a PyTables table containing dictionary data into a normal dictionary.
8451	Reads shared data from an HDF5 node and constructs the appropriate class.
8452	Reads a non-nested PyTables table column by column and creates a new ObjectTable for the loaded data.
8453	Reads data from an array or carray and handles potential errors
8454	Helper function that creates a novel trajectory and loads it from disk.
8455	Creates a run set name based on the given index.
8456	Sets properties with error handling.
8457	Adds classes or paths to classes to the trajectory to create custom parameters.
8458	Sets the current run of a trajectory for easier data analysis.
8459	Iterate over a trajectory's runs, yielding names, indices, or self, with optional start, stop, and step parameters.
8460	The method f_shrink in the given code is used to shrink the trajectory and remove all exploration ranges from the parameters. It raises an error if the trajectory was previously stored to disk unless the force parameter is set to True.
8461	Marks a parameter or config for presetting and checks if it already exists in the trajectory.
8462	Presets parameter value before a parameter is added to the Trajectory.
8463	Checks if certain parameters were preset and raises an error if not, then locks the parameters and removes any previous results to avoid mixing up undesired shortcuts.
8464	Searches for all occurrences of `name` in each run and returns an ordered dictionary with run indices or names as keys and found items as values.
8465	This private function checks if a run has completed based on the provided name or ID, returning True if all runs are completed or False otherwise.
8466	Delete all explored parameters from disk if trajectory is expanded.
8467	Pass a node to insert the full tree into the trajectory, considering all links and ignoring already found nodes.
8468	The method `f_explore` prepares a trajectory for exploring a parameter space by adding new parameters or updating existing ones with specified exploration ranges, ensuring all iterables have the same length.
8469	Overwrites the run information of a particular run and records the updated index.
8470	Adds a new run to the `_run_information` dict, updating the bidirectional `_single_run_ids` dict if an old entry exists under a different name.
8471	Locks all non-empty parameters
8472	Locks all derived parameters that are not empty.
8473	Final rollback initiated by the environment. Restores the trajectory as root of the tree and stores meta data to disk.
8474	Load the full skeleton from the storage service, updating the trajectory tree with empty results and derived parameters, and loading annotations.
8475	Loads a trajectory from storage.
8476	Backs up the trajectory using the provided storage service, with optional arguments passed directly to the storage service.
8477	Builds a mapping from wildcard translations to corresponding wildcards by iterating over wildcard functions and their translated names.
8478	Merges multiple trajectories into the current one, with options for ignoring certain data, moving data, and backing up the current trajectory.
8479	Updates the `run_information` of the current trajectory by merging data from another trajectory.
8480	Renames a full name based on wildcards and a particular run
8481	Merge derived parameters with names containing 'run_ALL', creating new parameters and linking them accordingly.
8482	Merges links between two trajectories while considering allowed translations, run names, and ignored data.
8483	Merges metadata from another trajectory, including Git commits, environment settings, and previous merge configs, into the current trajectory.
8484	Merges trajectories by iterating through items of the other trajectory and storing them in the current trajectory, applying a rename dictionary for key mapping.
8485	Merges results from another trajectory into the current one, handling name renamings and filtering based on various conditions.
8486	Rename and relocate the trajectory, with options to change the name, switch back to a previous location, or migrate to a new storage service.
8487	Stores the trajectory and its data to disk, with options for initializing, skipping, or overwriting existing data, and supports recursive storage of nested groups and leaves.
8488	Restores the default value in all explored parameters and sets the v_idx property back to -1 and v_crun to None.
8489	Notifies the explored parameters of the current point in the parameter space they should represent.
8490	Modification of a trajectory for single runs executed by the environment
8491	Returns a list of run names, optionally sorted.
8492	Returns a dictionary containing information about a single run or a nested dictionary of such dictionaries.
8493	Finds and yields the indices of runs where a given predicate function is True for specified parameters in a parameter list.
8494	Manually allows running of an experiment without using an environment
8495	Finalizing a run, optionally storing metadata and cleaning up.
8496	Sets the start timestamp and formatted time to the current time.
8497	Sets the finish time, computes the runtime in human-readable format, and updates the run information dictionary accordingly.
8498	Creates a new node, possibly passing the trajectory if the constructor knows about it.
8499	Returns a dictionary containing either all parameters, all explored parameters, all config, all derived parameters, or all results based on the input parameters.
8500	Cancels the current run and removes all intermediate operations to prevent the storage of unwanted data, ensuring that the parent trajectory remains clean.
8501	Returns a dictionary containing the full config names as keys and the config parameters or the config parameter data items as values, with options to access parameters directly or as values, and to return a copy or the original dictionary.
8502	Returns a dictionary containing result names and corresponding result objects or data items.
8503	Stores individual items from an iterator to disk, optionally filtering out empty items and allowing for partial overwrites of item parts.
8504	Loads parameters and results specified in `iterator`.
8505	Removes parameters, results, or groups from the trajectory, optionally recursively.
8506	Deletes several links from the hard disk based on the provided iterator of links.
8507	Recursively removes all children of a trajectory based on a given predicate.
8508	Deletes specified items from storage and optionally from the trajectory.
8509	Starts a pool single run and passes the storage service
8510	Make a single run of the frozen pool and pass kwargs.
8511	Configure the pool and set up the storage service, niceness, and logging.
8512	Configures the frozen pool and keeps all keyword arguments, including resetting the trajectory's full copy.
8513	Configure logging, handle SIGINT, and store result in queue.
8514	Reconfigures a frozen SCOOP setup by deleting old data if necessary and updating the configuration with new values.
8515	Wrapper function for scoop that does not configure logging if not the main process.
8516	Requests the logging manager to configure logging, extracting naming data from the trajectory if specified.
8517	Sets the niceness of a process, incrementing it if necessary, and handles exceptions if the operation fails.
8518	The `_sigint_handling_single_run` function wraps a single test run with graceful exit handling, allowing for the termination of the run if a SIGINT signal is received.
8519	Performs a single run of an experiment using the provided arguments and returns the results.
8520	Starts running a queue handler and creates a log file for the queue, handling graceful exit if specified.
8521	Loads a class from a string naming the module and class name.
8522	Dynamically creates a class by checking if the class exists in the global namespace or by dynamically importing it from the provided list of imports.
8523	Returns the length of the parameter range or raises an error if the parameter does not have a range or if it does not support the `__len__` method.
8524	Return a string summary of the value handled by the parameter, using the `__repr__` method.
8525	Checks if two values are considered equal by the parameter, using a function specific to the parameter type.
8526	Returns a python iterable containing the exploration range.
8527	Explores a parameter with the given iterable, raises exceptions if parameter is locked, already explored, or has no default value, stores individual data values in a tuple.
8528	Explores the parameter according to the iterable and appends to the exploration range, raising exceptions if the parameter is locked or does not support the data type.
8529	Checks if data values in `explore_iterable` are valid and of the same type as the default value, raising exceptions if not.
8530	Return a dictionary containing formatted data and optionally the exploration range, stored in an ObjectTable.
8531	Load the data and exploration range from the `load_dict`.
8532	Reconstructs the data and exploration array for the parameter, handling cases where the array identifier is present or not, and updating the explored range and locked status accordingly.
8533	Checks if two matrices are equal by comparing their hash values.
8534	Return True if the data is a CSR, CSC, BSR, or DIA Scipy sparse matrix.
8535	Extracts data from a sparse matrix to make it serializable in a human-readable format.
8536	Method formats a name for storage in a specific format, based on a name list and an index.
8537	Reconstructs a sparse matrix from a list containing its properties.
8538	Reconstructs the data and exploration array for a sparse parameter by loading it from a dictionary. If the parameter is explored, the exploration range of matrices is also reconstructed.
8539	Returns a dictionary for storage, serializing objects and their references while handling reusage based on object IDs.
8540	Reconstructs objects from the pickle dumps in `load_dict` and sets the `v_protocol` property to the protocol used to store 'data'.
8541	Translates integer indices into the appropriate names
8542	Summarizes data handled by the result as a string, calling `__repr__` on all handled data and truncating if longer than a specified length.
8543	Return all handled data as a dictionary, optionally as a shallow copy.
8544	Method to put data into the result, accepting both positional and keyword arguments and storing them with appropriate names or positions.
8545	Returns items handled by the result.
8546	Set a single data item in the result, raising a TypeError if the item type is not supported.
8547	Supports sparse matrices of various types.
8548	Converts internal data structure into a dictionary compatible with a storage service, handling sparse matrices with special identifiers.
8549	Loads data from a dictionary, reconstructing sparse matrices as needed.
8550	Adds a single data item to the pickle result without checking if the item can be pickled, and logs a warning if the result is already stored.
8551	Return a dictionary containing pickle dumps
8552	Reconstructs all items from the pickle dumps in `load_dict` and sets the `v_protocol` property accordingly.
8553	Merge all trajectories in the current working directory.
8554	Uploads a file to a remote location using SFTP.
8555	Downloads a file from a remote SFTP server to the local working directory.
8556	Creates and returns a new SAGA session with authentication context
8557	Submit a job to merge all trajectories found in the working directory.
8558	Starts multiple jobs running `the_task.py` in batches and waits for their completion.
8559	Simulates multiplication of two real numbers and stores the result.
8560	Return an estimate of the firing rate of a model neuron based on its simulations and parameters.
8561	Create a pandas DataFrame to sort computed firing rates into a table based on neuron parameters and store it in the trajectory.
8562	Adds parameters to a trajectory object with comments describing each parameter.
8563	Explores different combinations of `I` and `tau_ref` for a neural network trajectory.
8564	Runs a network before the actual experiment by executing a specific sequence of subruns and durations defined in the trajectory.
8565	Runs a network in an experimental run by executing a series of steps for each subrun, including adding and removing network components and analyzers, and running the network's `run` function.
8566	Extracts subruns from the trajectory based on durations and orders, handling both regular and pre-run scenarios.
8567	Generic function to execute network runs or pre-runs, handling subruns and calling methods for adding, running, and removing components.
8568	Adds parameters for a network simulation by calling `add_parameters` method on components, analysers, and the network runner.
8569	This method pre-runs a network before individual experimental runs, using the Brian2 library to create and execute the simulation.
8570	Top-level simulation function that performs an individual network run during parameter exploration, creating a new BRIAN2 network if needed and passing execution to NetworkRunner for the actual run.
8571	Starts a single run carried out by a NetworkRunner, building the network, pretty-printing parameters, constructing the network if necessary, and executing the experimental run before logging success.
8572	Create a generic filename based on the explored parameters in a trajectory object.
8573	Returns the next element from a chain of iterators, switching to the next iterator in the chain if the current one is exhausted.
8574	Merge all HDF5 files in a given folder into a single trajectory.
8575	A handler for SIGINT that raises a KeyboardInterrupt after the first encountered signal, or immediately exits if SIGINT is received for the second time.
8576	Writes a configuration to a file if provided, otherwise reads and returns the configuration from the specified file.
8577	requests a PIN from ecobee for authorization
8578	Request API tokens from ecobee using the provided authorization code and client ID, and handle success or failure.
8579	Called to refresh API tokens from ecobee.
8580	Fetches a JSON list of thermostats from an Ecobee API endpoint, handling authentication, errors, and refreshing tokens if necessary.
8581	Write API tokens to a file and save them in a dictionary or update an existing dictionary if a file-based configuration is used.
8582	Set HVAC mode of a thermostat to a specified mode.
8583	Set the minimum time for a fan to run each hour for a specific thermostat.
8584	Set a hold temperature for a thermostat.
8585	Set a climate hold for a thermostat.
8586	Delete a vacation with a specified name.
8587	Resume a scheduled program by index, optionally with resume_all flag.
8588	Send a message to a thermostat via the emobee API.
8589	Set the humidity level of a thermostat.
8590	Generate a random delay in seconds for the DISCOVER phase in DHCP, ranging from 0 to MAX_DELAY_SELECTING, and log the delay and future execution time.
8591	Generate the retransmission timeout for DHCPDISCOVER messages with exponential backoff and randomization.
8592	Generate the time in seconds to retransmit DHCPREQUEST based on the remaining lease time and a percentage, with a minimum of 60 seconds.
8593	Generate RENEWING time by calculating a percentage of the lease time, subtracting the elapsed time, and adding a random "fuzz" value for synchronization avoidance.
8594	Return the attributes of the self object that are not inherited, as a dictionary.
8595	Reset object attributes when state is INIT, setting default values for missing parameters and initializing new attributes.
8596	Return timeout for a given state and function.
8597	Change timeout values in the ATMT.timeout class method for a specific state and function.
8598	A discover packet is sent and the attempt count is incremented if it is less than the maximum attempts allowed.
8599	Select the first offer from the list of received offers and handle it.
8600	Send a DHCPREQUEST message and initiate a retransmission timer based on the current state and number of request attempts.
8601	Set renewal and rebinding times for the current state.
8602	Process a received ACK packet and handle it accordingly.
8603	Process a received NAK packet and log the client and server IP addresses.
8604	Initialize the INIT state, reset variables, set timeouts, and handle delay logic.
8605	Handler for the BOUND state, updates the current state to BOUND and performs various actions such as logging, calling methods on the client's lease, and executing a script if one is provided.
8606	Transition to the RENEWING state and execute the script, if applicable.
8607	Transition to the REBINDING state, execute script initialization and execution if script is not None, otherwise set the network for the lease.
8608	Handle the END state by updating the current state, invoking the script's initialization and execution methods if a script is present, or setting the network lease otherwise.
8609	Send the client to the ERROR state and execute the error handling script.
8610	Handle timeout for selecting state in DHCP request.
8611	Timeout requesting in REQUESTING state, with max attempts and error handling.
8612	Handle timeout during state renewal
8613	Timeout of request rebinding on REBINDING state, logging debug information, and raising REBINDING exception if maximum request attempts are not reached.
8614	Receive offer on SELECTING state and handle it accordingly.
8615	Receive an ACK request in the REQUESTING state, log the event, process the ACK, and raise a BOUND exception if the ACK is valid.
8616	Handle receipt of a NAK in the REQUESTING state by logging and raising an INIT exception if processing the NAK returns True.
8617	Receives an ACK in the RENEWING state, processes it, and raises a BOUND event if successful.
8618	Receive NAK in RENEWING state and raise INIT if processed.
8619	Receive ACK message in REBINDING state and raise BOUND exception if processed successfully.
8620	Handle the reception of a NAK in the REBINDING state, log the event, and raise an INIT exception if processing the NAK is successful.
8621	Handles actions during the RENEWING state by sanitizing lease net values, setting times, and restarting timers.
8622	Assigns a value to a name in a clone of the object and removes the name if the value is None.
8623	Append a value to a multiple-value parameter and return a clone of the object with the update.
8624	Remove a value from a parameter in a clone of the current object.
8625	Attempts to retrieve the status of programs using a server connection URI and parsed commandline arguments, and returns the supervisord XML-RPC call result.
8626	Create Nagios and human readable supervisord statuses based on parsed commandline arguments and supervisord XML-RPC call result.
8627	The `main` function parses options, generates output and code based on the status and options, and writes the output to the standard output before exiting with the specified code.
8628	Validate a decoded SNS message by checking the signing certificate URL, message age, and cryptographic signature.
8629	Reads a TDMS file and returns the names and data of its channels.
8630	This function adds the deformation channel to an RT-DC data set if it's missing, based on the existing circularity channel.
8631	Converts a TDMS file to an FCS file by reading the TDMS data, adding deformation, and writing the FCS file.
8632	Returns True if left and right are equal by running the 'diff' command with the quiet option.
8633	Adds a new patch to the queue and applies it as the topmost patch.
8634	Deletes the next unapplied patch in the series, optionally removing or backing it up the patch file.
8635	Delete specified patch from the series, with option to remove file and backup.
8636	Checks if a backup file of the given filename in the current patch exists, and raises an error if it does not need to be ignored.
8637	Creates a backup of a file in a directory with a specified patch name.
8638	Adds a file to a patch, optionally specifying the patch name, and handles symbolic links and backup for existing files.
8639	Runs a command as a subprocess and waits for it to finish, handling input and output as specified.
8640	Creates the directory and all its parent directories if it does not exist yet.
8641	Recursively copy a directory to a destination, optionally preserving symbolic links.
8642	Creates a hard link to the file.
8643	Copies a file to a destination directory or another file. If the destination is a file, its directory is created if it doesn't exist and the file is copied there. If the destination is a directory, the file is copied into that directory.
8644	Returns the directory where the file is placed in or None if the path to the file doesn't contain a directory.
8645	Backups a file to a destination directory if the file exists and is not empty (or if it's empty and the `copy_empty` flag is set), or creates a new empty file in the destination directory if the file does not exist and `copy_empty` is set.
8646	Refresh a patch with a specified name or the top applied patch if no name is provided, updating files and handling edits.
8647	Removes patches from the top of the stack, stopping at patch_name, and updates the database.
8648	Unapply the top patch in the database with an option to force the operation, save the changes, and notify about the unapplied patch.
8649	Unapplies all patches and saves the database.
8650	Applies all patches up to a specified patch_name.
8651	Applies the next patch in a series file.
8652	Applies all patches in a series file
8653	Reads all patches from the series file
8654	Saves current patches list in the series file.
8655	Add a patch to the patches list
8656	Inserts a list of patches at the front of the current patches list while maintaining a mapping between patches and their lines.
8657	Adds a list of patches to the patches list, optionally inserting them after a specific patch.
8658	Remove a patch from the patches list and update the patch2line dictionary.
8659	Return a list of patches after a given patch from the patches list.
8660	Return a list of patches before a given patch from the patches list
8661	Returns a list of patches before the provided patch, including the patch.
8662	Replace old_patch with new_patch in the patchlines list while preserving any comments.
8663	Create directory and insert a .version file
8664	Check if the version number in the .version file matches the supported version number.
8665	Adds the group and its arguments to a argparse.ArgumentParser instance.
8666	Adds an argument to an argparse.ArgumentParser instance using keyword and positional arguments retrieved from the object's attributes.
8667	Adds this SubParser to the subparsers created by argparse.ArgumentParser.add_subparsers method.
8668	Sets args and kwargs for subparsers in argparse.ArgumentParser.
8669	Adds subparsers to an argparse.ArgumentParser instance.
8670	Checks if a backup file of the given filename in the current patch exists and raises a QuiltError if not.
8671	Checks if a backup file of a given filename exists in patches applied after a specific patch.
8672	A method that reverts uncommitted changes of a specified file using a patch, with an option to specify a patch or use the topmost patch if none is provided.
8673	Imports a patch into the patch queue as the next unapplied patch, optionally renaming it and creating the necessary directory if specified.
8674	Imports several patches into the patch queue.
8675	Process a way by collecting its nodes and storing them as a Way object in the ways dictionary.
```
output = "Process a way by collecting its nodes and storing them as a Way object in the ways dictionary."
```
8676	Get a list of nodes not found in OSM data.
8677	Process a node object, create a new Node instance if the node ID is valid, and store it in the nodes dictionary.
8678	Extract information of one route
8679	Creates a meaningful route name based on relation tags and an optional short name.
8680	Constructs an agency ID using the operator tag from its tags.
8681	Extracts relations, node ids and ways, and handles missing data.
8682	Processes a relation based on its type and tags, updating internal data structures with relevant information.
8683	Create a `DummyData` namedtuple containing `calendar`, `stop_times`, `trips`, and `frequencies` by generating dummy data for routes and stops.
8684	Patches agencies by filling in default values for unknown fields and yields the agencies with the necessary information for passing transitfeed checks.
8685	Create station stop times for each trip, ensuring no time travel and handling day rollovers.
8686	Write the GTFS feed in the given file, compressing it with ZIP DEFLATED.
8687	Write GTFS text files and copy files to the given destination.
8688	Extract and process agency information from a given relation and nodes.
8689	Extract stops in a relation based on member type, ID, and role, and yield stop details.
8690	Extract the shape of a route based on its relation, nodes, and ways.
8691	Retrieves and returns a list of supported U2F versions from the device.
8692	Sends an APDU to the device and waits for a response, handling data conversion and error checking.
8693	Given a list of U2F devices, authenticate a request using an interactive process and handle exceptions based on APDU errors or device errors.
8694	Registers a U2F device and constructs the registration response data.
8695	Signs an authentication challenge using the provided device and data, verifying the facet and checking for any anomalies.
8696	Interactively register a single U2F device using the RegistrationRequest.
8697	Recursively converts unicode objects to UTF-8 encoded byte strings.
8698	Wraps a function with error reporting to a backend.
8699	Wraps a class with error reporting by decorating each of its methods, optionally using a classmethod decorator if present, and applying an error threshold.
8700	Checks if a given filepath matches any of the specified regex patterns.
8701	Given an email address, this function checks if it should be remapped according to a table and handles overriding the domain if required.
8702	Return a particular entry from the prefix trees.
8703	Convert markdown formatted text to reStructuredText format.
8704	Starts a server with an HTTP server serving an admin interface and a Thrift server for client code.
8705	Record and report errors to a backend with detailed stack traces and additional information, deduplicating reports based on error frequency.
8706	Fetch an image from a given URL and convert it into a Pillow Image object.
8707	Convert string data into a Pillow Image object.
8708	decorator to validate arguments with a provided validator function.
8709	Checks if the image's size is greater than the given size, and raises an ImageSizeError if it is not.
8710	Checks if the image width is greater than the specified width and raises an ImageSizeError if not.
8711	Checks if the height of an image is greater than a specified value, and raises an ImageSizeError if it's not.
8712	Converts the text category to a tasks.Category instance by retrieving the corresponding slug and loading the category instance from the database.
8713	This interface is used to parse numeric fields and convert them to integers.
8714	Iterator of the list of items in the XML source.
8715	Saves an error in the error list with the provided data and exception information.
8716	Parses all data from the source, saving model instances.
8717	Parse an item into a dictionary of field values
8718	Get an item from the database or an empty one if not found based on unique fields.
8719	Saves a model instance to the database.
8720	Downloads a HTTP resource from url and save to dest, handling Gzip compressed content.
8721	Opens and reads a source file.
8722	Return an iterator to read the rows of the CSV file, yielding a dictionary mapping the column headers to the row values.
8723	Sets whether network access is allowed and raises an error if the sandbox is currently running.
8724	The function `run_command` runs a command inside a sandbox using Docker, applying various resource limits and redirection options, and returns the results encapsulated in a `CompletedCommand` object.
8725	Copies the specified files into the working directory of a sandbox, optionally setting ownership and permissions.
8726	Copy a file into the sandbox's working directory and rename it.
8727	Method to fetch enrollments for a specific course using Canvas API.
8728	Returns a list of all enrollments for a course given its SIS ID.
8729	Method for retrieving a list of enrollments for a given section ID from Canvas API.
8730	Returns a list of all enrollments for the passed section SIS ID.
8731	Returns a list of enrollment objects for the specified user regid, optionally including related course information.
8732	Enroll a user into a course using the Canvas API.
8733	Lists the roles for a specific account in Canvas.
8734	Lists the roles for an account using its SIS ID.
8735	Returns a list of course roles available to an account, including inherited roles from parent accounts.
8736	Returns information about a single role for the given Canvas account ID.
8737	Gets information about a single role for a given account SIS ID.
8738	Retrieves the course resource for the given Canvas course ID, including the term information.
8739	Returns the course resource associated with a given SIS ID
8740	Method for retrieving a list of courses for a given account ID with optional filtering by publication status.
8741	Retrieves a list of courses associated with a given account SIS ID.
8742	Return a list of published courses for a given account ID.
8743	Returns a list of published courses for a given SIS account ID.
8744	Method for getting a list of courses for a given registration ID.
8745	Creates a Canvas course with the specified name in the given subaccount.
8746	Updates the SIS ID for a course using the provided course ID and new SIS course ID.
8747	Returns participation data for a given account_id and term_id.
8748	Returns grade data for the given account_id and term_id.
8749	Returns statistics for the given account_id and term_id.
8750	Returns participation data for the given sis_course_id.
8751	Returns assignment data for the given course_id.
8752	Returns per-student data for the given course ID.
8753	Retrieve student activity data for a given user ID and course ID from Canvas.
8754	Get student messaging data for the given user_id and course_id.
8755	Fetch external tools associated with a specified Canvas account ID.
8756	Get external tools for a given Canvas course ID.
8757	Create an external tool using the provided JSON data.
8758	Update the external tool identified by external_tool_id with the provided JSON data.
8759	Delete the external tool identified by `external_tool_id`.
8760	Check if a required parameter is available on an object.
8761	Retrieves user profile data from the Canvas API.
8762	Returns a list of CanvasUser objects representing the users enrolled in the specified course.
8763	Returns a list of users for the given SIS course ID.
8764	Create and return a new user and pseudonym for an account.
8765	Method for retrieving a user's logins using the provided user ID.
8766	Update an existing login for a user in the given account.
8767	Return the URL path to the next page of paginated data from a response's "Link" header, if available.
8768	Method to make Canvas GET requests, handle pagination, and return the resource representation.
8769	Mozilla Firefox
8770	Send a GET request to the specified URL with optional parameters and return the representation of the requested resource.
8771	Canvas PUT method to update a resource.
8772	Canvas POST method for sending JSON data with headers and handling the response.
8773	Canvas DELETE method that sends a request and validates the response status.
8774	Retrieve a list of admins for a given account using the Canvas API.
8775	Flags an existing user as an admin within the account.
8776	Flag an existing user as an admin within the account sis id.
8777	Remove an account admin role from a user.
8778	Removes an account admin role from a user for a given SIS account ID.
8779	Creates a new grading standard for a given course by making a POST request to the Canvas API.
8780	Return section resource for given canvas section id using CanvasSection class.
8781	Return section resource for given sis id.
8782	Method for retrieving sections in a course from the Canvas API.
8783	Returns a list of sections for the course associated with the given SIS ID.
8784	Return list of sections including students for the passed course ID, with students included by default.
8785	Returns a list of sections with students for a given SIS course ID.
8786	Creates a canvas section in the given course using the provided name and SIS section ID.
8787	Updates a canvas section with the given section id using the provided name and sis_section_id.
8788	Method for retrieving quizzes from a given course.
8789	This interface retrieves an account resource using a given Canvas account ID.
8790	Method to retrieve a list of subaccounts within a specified account using its canvas ID.
8791	Updates the passed account and returns the updated account.
8792	Updates the SIS ID for the account identified by the passed account ID. If the account ID is the root account, raises an exception.
8793	Return the authentication settings for the given account_id using the Canvas API.
8794	Update the authentication settings for the specified account.
8795	Method for retrieving a term resource based on its SIS ID.
8796	Imports a CSV string for a SIS import.
8797	Imports a directory of CSV files into a Canvas account.
8798	Retrieve the status of an SIS import using its import ID.
8799	Creates a zip archive from files in a given directory and returns its contents as a byte string.
8800	Method for retrieving assignments for a given course.
8801	Modify an existing assignment.
8802	Method for fetching available reports for a given canvas account ID.
8803	This method returns a list of Report objects for a given account ID and report type.
8804	Generates a report instance for a canvas account ID based on the report type and optional parameters.
8805	Convenience method for create_report, for creating a course provisioning report.
8806	Convenience method for creating a course sis export report by setting specific parameters and calling the create_report method.
8807	Convenience method for create_report, for creating an unused courses report.
8808	Returns a completed report as a list of csv strings.
8809	Returns the status of a report by making a request to the Canvas API and parsing the response.
8810	Deletes a generated report instance.
8811	Move detections in a label dictionary by the specified delta values in the x and y directions.
8812	Horizontally flip detections in a label dictionary according to an image width.
8813	This function converts an object to a dictionary, handling special cases for GenericRelatedObjectManager and many-to-many relationships.
8814	The main logic for retrieving template tag arguments from both keyword arguments and settings, updating them accordingly.
8815	Get the text to display when a field is empty based on configuration settings.
8816	Parses uniformly args and kwargs from a templatetag.
8817	Create and register metrics from a list of MetricConfigs.
8818	Setup logging for the application and aiohttp with the specified log level.
8819	Configure the MetricRegistry, optionally registering a ProcessCollector if include_process_stats is True.
8820	Create Prometheus metrics from a list of MetricConfigs.
8821	Return a metric with optional labels.
8822	Home page request handler that returns an HTML response with a title and a brief description of the application.
8823	Handle metrics request by updating the handler and generating a response with the latest metrics.
8824	A free-text query resolver by Wolfram|Alpha that returns the first result.
8825	Fix backward compatibility for Python 2's deprecated method signatures in `http.client.HTTPMessage`.
8826	Sends a query to Wolfram|Alpha API and returns the result as a Result object.
8827	The `info` method returns an iterator that combines the pods, assumptions, and warnings from the result.
8828	Yield primary pods and pods with a title of "Result".
8829	Add request content data to request body, set Content-type header.
8830	Call and return results of an API request.
8831	Make a GET request to a specified URL with optional query parameters and return the parsed result or error.
8832	Send a DELETE request to the specified URL with optional query-string parameters.
8833	Make a PUT request to the specified URL and return a ResultParser or ErrorParser instance.
8834	Make a POST request to the API and return the result.
8835	Process a query recursively, splitting the text into smaller sentences if too long, and submit it to an API for processing.
8836	Split sentences into groups based on a specified group length.
8837	Disambiguate PDF content by sending it to a service and return the API response along with the status.
8838	Calls the disambiguation service to disambiguate a search query and returns the API response and status.
8839	Call the segmentation service to split text into sentences and return the response code.
8840	Recognises the language of the text input and returns a dictionary containing the recognised language and confidence score, along with the status code.
8841	Fetch a concept from a knowledge base using its ID and return the concept information along with a response code.
8842	Constructs an MDR ensemble from training data and constructs a feature map from ensemble predictions.
8843	Estimates the classification accuracy of a machine learning model's predictions
8844	Constructs the MDR feature map from the provided training data by counting the distribution of classes in each feature instance and assigning each instance to the most prevalent class.
8845	Fit the model with the provided features and class labels, then construct predictions from the features.
8846	Method for estimating the accuracy of predictions from a constructed feature.
8847	Constructs the Continuous MDR feature map by analyzing the provided training data and creating a mapping based on the mean trait values of each feature instance.
8848	Uses the Continuous MDR feature map to construct a new binary feature from the provided feature matrix by mapping each row to a value using a feature map or assigning a default value if not found.
8849	Estimates the quality of the ContinuousMDR model using a t-statistic by comparing values from two groups defined by feature instances.
8850	Convenience method for fitting an MDR model to variables X and Y and returning the resulting predictions.
8851	Fits a MDR model to all n-way combinations of the features in X and returns the fitted models, their scores, and the corresponding feature names.
8852	Visualizes the MDR grid of a given fitted 2-way MDR instance and returns a matplotlib figure object.
8853	Conveniently retrieve the security configuration for the specified application with a given prefix, removing an annoying 'SECURITY_' prefix.
8854	Retrieves a Flask-Security configuration value by key, optionally providing a specific application and default value.
8855	Convenience method for creating a new vector from an iterable.
8856	Convenience method for creating a new vector from members.
8857	Evaluates a file into a Python module AST node.
8858	Evaluates forms from a stream into a Python module AST node, compiling and executing each form in sequence.
8859	Evaluates the forms in a string into a Python module AST node.
8860	Bootstrap the REPL with useful variables and return the bootstrapped module.
8861	Defines how to run a Basilisp script or a line of code based on the provided input and options.
8862	Decorator function to create a MultiFunction with a dispatch function and an optional default value.
8863	Swap the method atom in the map with the given key and method.
8864	Adds a new method to the function that handles a specific key.
8865	Return the method handling the given dispatch key or `None` if not defined for this key or the default.
8866	Remove a method from a map using its key.
8867	Remove and return the method associated with the given key.
8868	Return True if the Var holds a macro function.
8869	Fetch the location (line, column) of the form in the original filename from the input form's metadata.
8870	Attaches location information to the node environment returned from the parsing function.
8871	Assert that `recur` forms do not appear in any position of the AST nodes.
8872	Assert that `recur` forms only appear in the tail position of the given AST node or its child nodes.
8873	Resolve a non-namespaced symbol into a Python name or a local Basilisp Var.
8874	Resolve a Basilisp symbol as a Var or Python name, handling special class-name syntax and namespacing.
8875	Parse a Lisp form and produce a Basilisp syntax tree.
8876	Return True if a variable is shadowed in an inner scope, False otherwise.
8877	Adds a new symbol to the symbol table while allowing individual warnings to be disabled.
8878	Produces a Lisp representation of an associative collection, bookended with the start and end string supplied.
8879	The given function generates a Lisp-like representation of a sequential collection, enclosed by `start` and `end` strings, with optional metadata and controlled print levels.
8880	Return a string representation of a Lisp object with optional parameters for human-readable output, type preservation, collection length printing, object graph depth, metadata printing, and readable character conversion.
8881	Convert an object to a string representation with optional formatting options.
8882	This method returns a transformed copy of the current node, updating its location in the environment based on the provided `start_loc` or using its existing location. It recursively transforms and replaces all child nodes, using their parent node location if not specified.
8883	Compile and execute a Lisp form, optionally collecting bytecode and returning the result of the executed expression.
8884	Incrementally compile a stream of AST nodes in module mod using the given optimizer and source filename.
8885	Compile an entire Basilisp module into Python bytecode which can be executed as a Python module.
8886	Compile a collection of bytecodes into a given module.
8887	Create a Sequence from an Iterable s, returning an empty Sequence if the Iterable is empty.
8888	Replaces characters in a string that are not valid in Python symbols with valid replacements.
8889	Replaces munged string components with their original representation and converts underscores to hyphens.
8890	Create a Fraction from a numerator and denominator.
8891	Get the default logging handler for Basilisp.
8892	Creates a new map from the given key-value pairs and metadata.
8893	Partition collection into groups of size n.
8894	Wraps a reader function to supply line and column information along with relevant forms.
8895	Read a namespaced token from the input stream.
8896	Read a collection from the input stream and create the collection using the provided function.
8897	Reads a list element from the input stream using a reader context and returns a linked list.
8898	Reads a vector element from the input stream.
8899	Returns a set from the input stream, validating that all values are unique.
8900	Read and deserialize a map from the input stream.
8901	Return a string from the input stream, handling escape characters and parsing until a closing double quote is encountered.
8902	Reads a symbol from the input stream, resolving it using the resolver in the ReaderContext if it appears in a syntax quoted form.
8903	Return a keyword from the input stream, parsing a namespaced name and validating it does not contain a dot.
8904	Read metadata from input and apply it to the next object.
8905	Read a function reader macro from the input stream and return a list.
8906	Read a quoted form from the input stream and return it as a list containing a special symbol and the quoted form.
8907	Expands syntax quoted forms to handle unquoting and unquote-splicing by recursively processing each element and converting unquoted forms into `(list x)` or unquote-spliced forms into `x`.
8908	Post-process syntax quoted forms to generate forms that can be assembled into the correct types at runtime.
8909	Read a syntax-quote and set the syntax-quoting state in the reader.
8910	Read an unquoted form and handle special logic for unquoting.
8911	Read a dereferenced form from the input stream.
8912	Read a character literal from the input stream, handling escape sequences and unicode characters.
8913	Read a regex reader macro from the input stream.
8914	Evaluates a reader macro from the input stream and returns the corresponding data structure.
8915	Read the next full form from the input stream, consuming any reader comments completely.
8916	Read the next full form from the input stream and return the corresponding LispReaderForm.
8917	Reads the contents of a stream as a Lisp expression.
8918	Read the contents of a string as a Lisp expression.
8919	Read the contents of a file as a Lisp expression.
8920	Update the internal line and column buffers after a new character is added.
8921	Pushes one character back onto the stream, allowing it to be read again, with a check to ensure it does not exceed the pushback depth.
8922	Advance the stream forward by one character and return the next token.
8923	Returns the bytes for a Basilisp bytecode cache file containing metadata and serialized code.
8924	Unmarshals Basilisp bytecode from a cache file, validating the file header and raising exceptions if the header does not match or data is incomplete.
8925	Method returns the path to the cached file for the given path, with the original path not necessarily existing, by using os.path.splitext to separate the file extension and appending ".lpyc" to the filename.
8926	Hook into Python's import machinery with a custom Basilisp code importer.
8927	Is the specified fullname a Basilisp module?
8928	This method loads and executes a Basilisp module from a cache, timing the process and debug logging relevant information.
8929	Load and execute a non-cached Basilisp module.
8930	Given a Basilisp module, compile it into Python code using a form-at-a-time approach and optionally load a cached version if available.
8931	Create a new symbol.
8932	Returns an iterable of possible completions for the given text, based on keyword cache.
8933	Return the interned keyword instance from the input string if it exists in the cache, otherwise create a new instance and add it to the cache.
8934	Create a new keyword by generating a hash based on the name and namespace, then retrieving it from or creating it in the cache.
8935	A function that chains a sequence of generated Python ASTs into a tuple of dependency nodes.
8936	Generate recursive Python Attribute AST nodes for resolving nested names.
8937	Wraps simpler AST generators to return a GeneratedPyAST.
8938	Turn a collection of Lisp forms into Python AST nodes.
8939	Adds line numbers and column offsets to Python AST nodes based on the node environment.
8940	Wrap a generator function in a decorator to supply line and column information to the returned Python AST node.
8941	Decorator to supply line and column information to the returned Python AST node and dependency nodes.
8942	Check if a variable holds a value that should be compiled to a dynamic Var access.
8943	Return True if the Var can be redefined.
8944	Transform non-statements into ast.Expr nodes so they can stand alone as statements.
8945	Given a series of expression AST nodes, creates a function AST node with a given name that returns the result of the final expression.
8946	Return True if the compiler should emit a warning about the name being redefined based on the provided context and symbol information.
8947	Returns a Python AST Node for a `do` expression.
8948	Generates a safe Python function name from a function name symbol, with a default prefix if no symbol is provided.
8949	Converts function method parameters to Python AST nodes.
8950	A function that converts a Lisp function with a single arity into a Python AST node.
8951	Converts a function with multiple arities to a Python AST, handling both regular and variadic methods.
8952	Return a Python AST Node for a `fn` expression based on whether it has a single or multiple methods.
8953	A function that generates custom `if` nodes to handle `recur` bodies in Python AST, special casing recur handling for loop contexts and converting `do` nodes to AST assignments.
8954	A function to generate a Python AST for an if statement in Basilisp, handling the conversion of test values to Python None and False, and swapping the if and else bodies for short-circuit evaluation.
8955	Return a Python AST Node for a Basilisp function invocation.
8956	Return a Python AST Node for a `quote` expression.
8957	Return a Python AST node for `recur` occurring inside a `loop`.
8958	Return a Python AST Node for a `recur` expression.
8959	Return a Python AST Node for a `set!` expression
8960	Return a Python AST Node for a `throw` expression by generating a custom throw function and wrapping the exception in a raise statement.
8961	Convert a `try` expression to a Python AST node.
8962	Ensure that the provided code snippet for summarization is complete and provided in a format that can be read accurately. Once the input is available, the method's summary will be generated directly.
8963	A function that generates PyAST nodes for Var.find calls using the provided variable name and namespace.
8964	Generate a Python AST node for accessing a Var.
8965	Generate a Python AST node for accessing properties in Python interop.
8966	Generates a Python AST node for accessing a potential Python module variable name by retrieving the class name from the input node and creating an ast.Name node with the class name and Load context.
8967	A function that generates a Python AST node for accessing a potential Python module variable name with a namespace, given a MaybeHostForm node and a GeneratorContext.
8968	Generate Python AST nodes for constant Lisp forms.
8969	Turns a quoted collection literal of Lisp forms into Python AST nodes, handling only constant values.
8970	Convert a Lisp AST node into one or more Python AST nodes.
8971	Generate the Python Import AST node for importing all required language support modules.
8972	Generate the Python ImportFrom AST node for importing language support modules.
8973	Returns an AST node representing an assignment of a Python variable named `ns_var` to the value of the current namespace, constructed using Lisp symbols.
8974	Creates a new set from the given iterable, optionally with metadata.
8975	Creates a new set from the given members with an optional metadata.
8976	A function that visits an except handler node and removes dead code from its body, returning a new node with the filtered body.
8977	Eliminates no-op constant expressions which are in the tree as standalone statements.
8978	A function that visits and transforms a FunctionDef AST node to eliminate dead code from its body, while preserving the original node's location and attributes.
8979	Eliminates dead code from while loops by filtering out unnecessary statements in both the body and else block, then returns the modified AST node.
8980	Eliminates dead code from the bodies of exception handlers in a try node during AST traversal.
8981	Create a new empty Basilisp Python module with the specified name and documentation, and set its attributes to appropriate values.
8982	Fetch the first element from a sequence or coercible object, or return None if the object is None or cannot be converted to a sequence.
8983	Return the elements after the first in a sequence-like object; return an empty sequence if the input is None or if the rest is None
8984	Returns the nth rest sequence of coll, or coll if i is 0.
8985	Returns the nth next sequence of a collection.
8986	Creates a new sequence with `o` as the first element and `seq` as the rest, handling cases where `seq` is None or not a ISeq.
8987	Coerce the argument to an ISeq, or return None if the argument is None.
8988	Concatenates sequences into a single ISeq.
8989	Associates keys to values in an associative data structure, or returns a new Map with the key-values if the input is None.
8990	Conjoins elements to a collection, handling different collection types and returning the same type.
8991	Return a function which is the partial application of f with args.
8992	Dereference a Deref object and return its contents, optionally waiting with a timeout period.
8993	Compares two objects by value, ignoring standard Python equality rules for booleans and None.
8994	Division reducer that returns a Fraction if both arguments are integers, otherwise returns the true division of x and y.
8995	A function that returns a sorted sequence of elements in a collection, using an optional comparator function for custom comparison.
8996	Return true if coll contains the key k.
8997	Return the value of k in m. Return default if k not found in m.
8998	Recursively convert Python collections into Lisp collections.
8999	Converts Lisp collections recursively into Python collections.
9000	Produces a string representation of an object, optionally in a human-readable format.
9001	Converts Python's starred arguments into a Basilisp list.
9002	Decorator to repeatedly call a function until it stops recurring.
9003	Sets attributes on a function based on keyword arguments and returns the function.
9004	Return a new function with the given meta, merging it with the existing meta if it exists.
9005	Create a Basilisp function, setting meta and supplying a with_meta method implementation.
9006	Resolve an aliased symbol in the current namespace, handling special forms and namespace aliases.
9007	Resolve the aliased symbol to a Var from the specified namespace or the current namespace if none is specified.
9008	Add generated Python code to a dynamic variable in a given namespace.
9009	Bootstrap the environment with additional functionality for a Lisp-like environment.
9010	Interns the value bound to the symbol `name` in the given namespace.
9011	Creates a new unbound `Var` instance to the symbol `name` in namespace `ns`.
9012	This function returns the value currently bound to the name `name_sym` in the namespace specified by `ns_sym`.
9013	Return the value currently bound to the name in the specified namespace.
9014	Find the Var currently bound to a given namespace-qualified symbol, raising an exception if none is found.
9015	Add a gated default import to the default imports, ensuring 'basilisp.core' is not imported before macro-expansion.
9016	Add a Symbol alias for a given Namespace.
9017	Intern the Var given in this namespace mapped by the given Symbol, optionally overwriting the existing mapping if the force argument is True.
9018	Swap function used by intern to atomically intern a new variable in the symbol mapping for this Namespace.
9019	Find Var mapped by given Symbol, return None if not found.
9020	Adds a symbol as an imported symbol in a given namespace with optional aliases.
9021	Return the module if a module named by sym has been imported into this Namespace, None otherwise.
9022	Manages variable references in a namespace by swapping associations with a new symbol and variable pair, only if the variable is not private.
9023	Get the Var referred by Symbol or None if it does not exist.
9024	Updates the `final_refers` map with non-private interns from another namespace.
9025	Swap the refers of the current namespace with the interns of another namespace.
9026	This method is a private swap function used by `get_or_create` that atomically swaps the new namespace map into the global cache.
9027	Returns the namespace bound to a symbol, creating it if necessary.
9028	Return the namespace bound to the symbol `name` in the global namespace cache if it exists.
9029	Remove the namespace bound to the symbol `name` in the global namespace cache and return that namespace, or None if it did not exist.
9030	Return a function which checks if any symbol keys from map entries start with the given text.
9031	Returns an iterable of possible completions matching the given prefix from the list of aliased namespaces, optionally refining the list to matching names in a specified namespace.
9032	Generates an iterable of possible completions that match a given prefix from the list of imports and aliased imports, optionally refining the list to match names in a specified namespace.
9033	Return an iterable of possible completions matching a given prefix from the list of interned Vars, filtering based on whether to include private variables or not.
9034	Yield possible completions matching a given prefix from the list of referred Vars.
9035	Return an iterable of possible completions for the given text in this namespace.
9036	Retrieves the arguments for a trampolined function, unrolling the final argument if it is a sequence.
9037	A function that creates a new list from the given members and optional metadata.
9038	Create a new list from the provided members.
9039	This function changes the style of a representer for key-value pairs to a multi-line string with maintaining line breaks.
9040	This function decrypts a JWE token and extracts the payload using the provided key store and key purpose.
9041	Encrypts a JSON object and returns a JWE token using keys from a key store based on the provided key purpose.
9042	Remove a key from the request cache and memcache.
9043	Deconstruct the `Constraint` instance to a tuple containing the selector, comparison, and argument.
9044	Close the stream by writing an EOF and then closing the writer.
9045	Parse a FIQL formatted string into an ``Expression`` object.
9046	Serialize ndb_model as a custom JSON to the provided file-like object.
9047	Handles decoding of nested date strings.
9048	Try to decode strings that resemble dates into datetime objects.
9049	Override of the default decode method that uses date decoding followed by the default decoder if the date decoding didn't change the value.
9050	Override the default JSONEncoder method for NDB support.
9051	Validate version before release, ensuring only integers are used in the version number.
9052	Generate a changelog for a specific version by running a changelog generator with certain options.
9053	Find the strongly connected components in a graph using Tarjan's algorithm.
9054	Identify strongly connected components in a graph and then perform a topological sort of those components.
9055	Sets the parent ``Expression`` for this object, validating that the parent is an instance of ``Expression``.
9056	Get the parent Expression for this object, raising an exception if the parent is None.
9057	This method adds an operator to an expression and handles different precedence levels, potentially creating nested expressions.
9058	Adds an element of type ``Operator``, ``Constraint``, or ``Expression`` to the ``Expression``.
9059	Update the ``Expression`` by joining the specified additional elements using an "AND" operator.
9060	Adds additional elements to an expression using an "OR" operator.
9061	For use as a decorator of functions - logs the arguments passed to the function to the module logger.
9062	Parse received response from socket server.
9063	Convert a list of tuples to an OrderedDict with keys and values as strings.
9064	Checks if a specific message is present in a list of messages.
9065	Prepends a prefix to a message and returns it as a byte string.
9066	Flushes incoming socket messages.
9067	Enable a given scan field.
9068	Save scanning template to file.
9069	Load scanning template from filename.
9070	Get information about a given keyword, defaulting to 'stage'.
9071	Include a Python source file in a docstring formatted in reStructuredText.
9072	Locate and return the absolute path to the package.json file.
9073	Extract JSPM configuration from package.json.
9074	Handle YOURLS API errors by parsing the JSON response and raising appropriate exceptions.
9075	Method to validate response from YOURLS server and handle API errors.
9076	Combine the independent variable vectors and dependent variable vectors of two waveforms, possibly by interpolation.
9077	Create a new dependent variable vector by interpolating an input independent variable vector onto a wave object's independent vector.
9078	Return a vector containing the overlapping range of independent variable values from two wave objects.
9079	Verify that two waveforms are compatible for various mathematical operations.
9080	Loads the existingsystemJS manifest, removes non-existing entries, and returns the updated manifest.
9081	u Define trace parameters for a given model name.
9082	Run module tracing and generate exceptions documentation.
9083	Shorten a URL with optional keyword and title, returning a ShortenedURL object.
9084	This interface expands a short URL or keyword to its corresponding long URL by making a request to a YOURLS API.
9085	Return stats for a short URL or keyword, raising exceptions on HTTP errors.
9086	Retrieve statistics for links based on a filter and limit.
9087	retrieves and returns database statistics from the API
9088	Echo terminal output formatted in reStructuredText.
9089	Prints the output of a Bash shell command formatted in reStructuredText.
9090	verbosity >= level, stdout msg
9091	alternative to reify and property decorators. caches the value when it's generated. It caches it as instance._name_of_the_property.
9092	Break an iterable into chunks of a specified size and yield those chunks as lists.
9093	Takes a function that takes an iterable as the first argument and returns a wrapper that breaks the iterable into chunks, runs each chunk in the function, and yields the value of each function call as an iterator.
9094	Recursively flatten nested objects into a single iterable.
9095	Adds a signal handler for SIGINT that prints an optional message and exits the program.
9096	Prints an iterable of iterables in TSV format.
9097	Create a placeholder object with a custom name and attributes.
9098	parsing a size in bytes from a human-readable string and converting it to a numeric value
9099	Command line interface for YOURLS with authentication support.
9100	Trace exceptions from the eng wave module.
9101	Generates Sphinx documentation links for requirements.
9102	Generates Python interpreter version entries for 2.x or 3.x series based on provided parameters.
9103	Generate Python interpreter version entries for a list based on provided package Python versions and a version dictionary.
9104	Converts a requirement specification into a human-readable word representation.
9105	Chunk input noise data into valid Touchstone file rows.
9106	Chunks input data into valid Touchstone file rows based on frequency, data matrix, and parameter format.
9107	Write a `Touchstone` file with validated options and data.
9108	Extrapolate and interpolate the input time series to have a complete range between indep_min and indep_max.
9109	Return a string representing unit math operations based on independent and dependent units and a given operator.
9110	Copy a waveform object and modify its dependencies.
9111	Return the cumulative running area under the curve using both rectangular and triangular segments.
9112	Validate that the minimum and maximum bounds are within the waveform's independent variable vector.
9113	Return the arc cosine of a waveform's dependent variable vector, handling exceptions for invalid input and math domain errors.
9114	Computes the hyperbolic arc cosine of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9115	Return the arc sine of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9116	Return the hyperbolic arc tangent of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9117	Return the running average of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9118	Convert a waveform's dependent variable vector to decibels.
9119	Return the numerical derivative of a waveform's dependent variable vector using the backwards differences method.
9120	Returns the imaginary part of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9121	Return the magnitude of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9122	Return the phase of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9123	Returns the real part of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9124	Function that returns the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform in decibels.
9125	A function that returns the imaginary part of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9126	Return the magnitude of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9127	Return the phase of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9128	Return the real part of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9129	Return the running integral of a waveform's dependent variable vector using the trapezoidal method, optionally with specified bounds for computation.
9130	Return the group delay of a waveform.
9131	Compute and return the natural logarithm of the dependent variable vector of a waveform, handling potential exceptions for invalid input or math domain errors.
9132	Returns the numerical average of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9133	Return the numerical integral of a waveform's dependent variable vector using the trapezoidal method.
9134	Return the maximum value of a waveform's dependent variable vector within a specified independent vector range.
9135	Return the minimum value of a waveform's dependent variable vector within a specified range.
9136	Return the phase of a waveform's dependent variable vector with options to unwrap and convert the phase to radians or degrees.
9137	Return a modified waveform with its dependent variable vector rounded to a specified number of decimal places.
9138	Compute the square root of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9139	Return a waveform that is a sub-set of a given waveform, potentially re-sampled based on specified parameters.
9140	Convert a waveform's dependent variable vector to complex.
9141	Convert a waveform's dependent variable vector to float.
9142	Convert a waveform's dependent variable vector to integer and check for complex data types.
9143	Return the dependent variable value at a given independent variable point using linear interpolation if necessary.
9144	Restricts lookups to specific directories and calls the superclass method with the provided path and all flag.
9145	Get first sentence of first paragraph of long description
9146	Builds a mathematical expression from a hierarchical list of tokens.
9147	Return position of next matching closing delimiter.
9148	Parse function calls.
9149	Pair delimiters in an expression.
9150	Parse a mathematical expression using PyParsing.
9151	Remove consecutive delimiters from an expression.
9152	Split a string into a tuple of substrings using a specified separator and count, with optional stripping of whitespace.
9153	Engineering notation conversion helper function.
9154	Converts a given number to a string while ensuring it is not in scientific notation.
9155	Converts a number to engineering notation with a specified number of fractional digits and optional right-justification.
9156	Convert a number represented in engineering notation to its floating-point equivalent.
9157	Return the fractional part of a number represented in engineering notation as an integer.
9158	Return the mantissa of a number represented in engineering notation.
9159	Return engineering suffix and its floating point equivalent of a number.
9160	This function returns an engineering suffix based on a starting suffix and an offset.
9161	Remove unnecessary delimiters in mathematical expressions by checking for consecutive delimiters and implied precedence rules, and validating function names and delimiters.
9162	Convert number or number string to a number string in scientific notation, maintaining full precision if the number is represented as a string.
9163	Returns mantissa and exponent of a number in scientific notation.
9164	Seek and remove the sourcemap comment from the end of a file, efficiently handling large files by reading in blocks.
9165	Check whether `self.app` is missing the '.js' extension and if it needs it.
9166	Bundles the app and returns the static URL to the bundle.
9167	Trace the dependencies for an app and cache the result for future use.
9168	Compares the application dependency tree file hashes with the hashes stored in the cache.
9169	Converts a bytes object to a formatted hexdump with offset, hex values, and ASCII characters.
9170	Parse a docstring into ParameterInfo and ReturnInfo objects.
9171	Retrieves a list of all valid identifiers for the current context.
9172	Lazily load a callable by performing a lazy import of a context or a specific object from a module.
9173	Split a line into arguments using shlex and a dequoting routine.
9174	Check if the current context requires initialization commands and run them if necessary.
9175	Returns help information for a context or function based on the provided arguments.
9176	Utility method to find a function by name in a given context, searching first among builtins and then the context itself.
9177	Returns a listing of all functions in the given context, including built-in functions and their documentation.
9178	Check if an argument is a flag.
9179	Parses command line arguments into positional and keyword arguments, respecting specified formatting and defaults.
9180	Try to find the value for a keyword argument based on the argument type and remaining arguments.
9181	Invoke a function given a list of arguments with the function listed first and return the result, new context flag, and remaining arguments.
9182	Invoke one or more functions given a list of arguments and return a boolean specifying if a new context was created and the remainder of the command line.
9183	Parse and invoke a string line.
9184	Parses a single typed parameter statement and returns the parameter name, parameter type, and description if included.
9185	Parse a single return statement declaration from a docstring, extracting the return type, formatter, and description.
9186	This interface is used to determine the canonical name of a section based on its given name.
9187	Classifies a line into one of several types of objects based on its content and formatting.
9188	Joins adjacent lines together into paragraphs using either a blank line or indent as separator.
9189	Wraps and formats the docstring for a specific width, including options to include or exclude parameters and return information.
9190	Convert a value to a specified type, handling different input formats and raising an error if conversion fails.
9191	Convert binary data to specified type, validating the data size and using a type-specific conversion function.
9192	This interface is used to get the size of a given type for converting a hex string to that type, returning 0 if the size is unknown.
9193	Convert a value to a specified type and format it as a string using type-specific formatting functions or default formatting if no format is provided.
9194	Raises an exception if the type object does not implement the required methods: `convert` or `convert_binary`, and `default_formatter`.
9195	Function to check if a type is known to the type system.
9196	Split a potentially complex type into its base type and specializers.
9197	Instantiate and validate a complex type with its base and subtypes.
9198	Returns the type object corresponding to a type name, triggering loading of external types if necessary.
9199	Function to check if a given format is known for a specified type.
9200	Add a new type to the type system, either as a simple type or a type factory.
9201	Given a module with a list of types, this function finds all symbols not starting with '_' and attempts to import them as types, injecting them using `self.inject_type`.
9202	Check if the function has enough arguments to be called.
9203	Adds type information for a parameter by name, raising an error if the parameter is already annotated or unknown.
9204	Add type information to the return value of a function.
9205	Use a custom function to set the return value printer and description.
9206	Convert a prefix into a parameter name, handling potential ambiguity or missing matches.
9207	Get the parameter type information by name.
9208	Return the function signature as a string with optional custom name and default values.
9209	Format the return value of a function as a string based on the function's return type or a specified formatter.
9210	Converts and validates a positional argument based on its index and value.
9211	Check if the provided positional and keyword arguments match the specified argument specification, raising errors for missing or duplicate arguments and filling in default values as necessary.
9212	Converts and validates an argument based on its type and any defined validators.
9213	Formats the exception as a string, optionally excluding the class name and including additional parameters.
9214	Convert an exception object to a dictionary containing reason, type, and parameters.
9215	Converts function arguments and executes the function if all parameters are specified.
9216	Parse a list of validator names or n-tuples, checking for errors and returning a list of validator function names and their parameters.
9217	Find all annotated functions inside a container and return a dictionary of them.
9218	Given a module, create a context from all of the top level annotated symbols in that module.
9219	Returns usage information about a context or function, including its name, docstring, function signature, argument types, and descriptions.
9220	Decorate a function to give type information about its parameters and store it for runtime type conversions and validation.
9221	Specify how the return value of a function should be handled, including optional formatting and deprecation warnings for the 'desc' and 'data' parameters.
9222	Specify that a function returns a typed value with an optional formatter.
9223	Declare that a class defines a context for use with HierarchicalShell and optionally specify a name.
9224	Annotate a function using information from its docstring, improving startup time by loading the annotation when the function is first called.
9225	Mark a function as callable from the command line and initializes metadata about the function's arguments.
9226	Given an object with a docstring, return the first line of the cleaned docstring.
9227	Loads cron modules for applications listed in INSTALLED_APPS.
9228	Register tasks with cron.
9229	Print the tasks that would be installed in the crontab for debugging purposes.
9230	Uninstall tasks from cron.
9231	Create a ProjectHandler derived class instance based on the URI schema.
9232	load the projects config data from local path
9233	Saves the projects configurations to a local path in YAML format.
9234	Creates a singleton property in a class with the given name, ensuring the singleton class instance is created only on the first access.
9235	Updates the model dictionary
9236	Calls the project handler's same-named function and passes the result along with the original arguments and an additional keyword argument containing the result.
9237	The method initializes a project with a given path and optionally forces the initialization, then returns a list of names where the initialization failed.
9238	The `setitem` method takes an object, a key, and a value, producing a new object with the specified key-value pair, either by calling a custom `_lens_setitem` method or by copying the object and setting the item on the copy.
9239	Sets the value of an attribute on an object and returns a new object with the updated attribute.
9240	Takes an object and an iterable and copies the data from the iterable into the object, producing a new object with the updated data.
9241	Wraps a function to set a value in a state object.
9242	Create a function that sets multiple foci to values from an iterable.
9243	Applies a function to the focus of a given state using the lens pattern.
9244	Returns a function that collects `n` arguments and returns them as a tuple.
9245	Raises NotImplementedError outlining the unimplemented lens usage.
9246	Runs a lens over the `state`, applying a function `f` to all foci and collecting results using an applicative functor.
9247	Returns the focus within the given state as a monoid if multiple items are focused, raising exceptions if no foci are available.
9248	Converts an optic that can fold a structure into a list of all focus values.
9249	Applies a function `fn` to all the foci within a given state for types that support Setter optics.
9250	Sets all foci within a given state to a specified value using an optic.
9251	This method sets the foci within a state to values from an iterable.
9252	Returns the class representing the 'kind' of optic based on the first matching optic type.
9253	The `main` function initializes a `GameState` object, enters a loop to process user input, updates the game state accordingly, and prints the current state until the game ends, then displays a final message.
9254	Returns a vector moved one step towards another vector, potentially diagonally.
9255	Handle the input character for game state alteration and return the new game state and boolean indicating the input's effect.
9256	Advanced robots towards player, handle crashes, remove crashed robots.
9257	Sets a game state object to be complete and allows for an optional message to be displayed.
9258	Shows the board to the player on the console and asks them to make a move.
9259	Plays a game of naughts and crosses against the computer.
9260	Return a board with a cell filled in by the current player, or unchanged if the cell is already occupied.
9261	Determines the winner of a game board if one exists, or checks if the game is a draw or still ongoing.
9262	Generates all potential winning combinations on a board.
9263	Process a single item by adding it to a list and uploading the list to S3 if the list size reaches or exceeds the maximum chunk size.
9264	Store the timestamp when the spider is opened to replace {time} in S3PIPELINE_URL.
9265	Upload items to S3.
9266	Builds a Gzip-compressed file object from a list of items using the JSON Lines format.
9267	Returns the account state information associated with a specific address.
9268	Returns the asset information associated with a specific asset ID.
9269	Returns the block information associated with a specific hash value or block index, optionally in verbose JSON format.
9270	This code defines a function that returns the hash value associated with a specific block index on a blockchain.
9271	Returns the system fees associated with a specific block index.
9272	Returns the contract information associated with a specific script hash.
9273	Returns detailed information associated with a specific transaction hash in JSON format or as an hexadecimal string.
9274	Returns the value stored in the storage of a contract script hash for a given key.
9275	Returns the transaction output information corresponding to a hash and index.
9276	Invoke a contract with given parameters and returns the result.
9277	Invokes a smart contract function with given parameters and returns the result.
9278	Invoke a script on the VM and return the result.
9279	Broadcasts a transaction over the NEO network and returns the result.
9280	Check if the provided string is a valid NEO address.
9281	This interface is used to make a JSON-RPC call to a specified endpoint with the given method and parameters, and returns the response data.
9282	Returns True if the considered string is a valid SHA256 hash.
9283	Check if a string is a valid RIPEMD160 hash.
9284	Converts a list of parameters into a list of dictionaries, each representing a parameter with its type and value, for use in JSON-RPC endpoints.
9285	Decode values embedded in an invocation result dictionary, specifically handling the 'stack' key.
9286	Decorator to convert default arguments to keyword-only arguments, emulating Python 2's keyword-only arguments functionality.
9287	Apply a series of transformations to a timezone-aware datetime object.
9288	Ensure the datetime is localized to the correct timezone after applying a truncation operation.
9289	Renders the barcode and saves it in `filename`.
9290	The function renders a barcode using a specified writer and returns the output of the writer's render method.
9291	Calculates the checksum for EAN13-Code by summing the digits in even and odd positions and applying a modulo operation.
9292	Render a barcode using registered callbacks based on the provided code list.
9293	Parse the settings dictionary to configure a key-value storage server and initialize a client for that server.
9294	Simple command line tool to manage environment variables in a S3-like system, facilitating remote file editing and uploading/downloading.
9295	Download a file or folder from an S3-like service to a local destination.
9296	Upload a file or folder to the S3-like service.
9297	Downloads local environment files
9298	Uploads the environment file for a given section from the local config folder to the remote S3CONF path.
9299	Splits an environment variable string into a tuple containing the variable name and value, with leading/trailing spaces removed and quotes/escapes handled appropriately.
9300	Add basic authentication using the provided username and password.
9301	This function sets an API key for authentication by base64 encoding the key and prefixing it with "api-key".
9302	Yield objects from JSON files in the specified folder and its subfolders.
9303	Return a dict of schema names mapping to a Schema.
9304	Return the schema from a JSON file.
9305	Returns a jsonschema.RefResolver for the schemas, resolving them locally.
9306	Validate an object against a schema, raising a ValidationException if it does not match.
9307	Return a list of valid examples from a specified folder.
9308	Return a list of examples which violate the schema.
9309	Method returns an authorization URL for a User Agent, constructed using the client_id, scope, response_type, and redirect_uri.
9310	Process tokens and errors from redirect_uri and extract the authentication code.
9311	Refresh or acquire access_token, and process the response.
9312	Return the "id" of a OneDrive user.
9313	Return OneDrive object representing list of objects in a folder.
9314	Create a folder with a specified "name" attribute in a parent folder.
9315	Add comment message to a specified object.
9316	Convert or dump object to unicode.
9317	Recursively create and set the drop target for `obj` and its children.
9318	Handle the start of a drag-and-drop operation, packaging and transferring control data and bitmap data using wxPython's data objects and drop sources.
9319	Sets the default top-level window for the toolbox menu default action.
9320	Open the inspector window for a given object.
9321	Open a shell and display it.
9322	Convert font description from PythonCard to gui2py style
9323	HTML page loader and displayer
9324	Convenience function for accessing tag parameters, raise KeyError if default is not specified and parameter does not exist.
9325	Process an outgoing communication and update the UI accordingly.
9326	Show a welcome tip message with various instructions for using the gui2py designer.
9327	Mouse down event handler that clears previous selection, initializes start position for rubberband selection, and creates selection marker for the clicked object.
9328	Move selected object or draw rubber-band rectangle in overlay based on mouse movement and shift key.
9329	Called by SelectionTag, updates an object's size or position based on mouse events and grid snapping.
9330	Support cursor keys to move components one pixel at a time, with the option to snap to a grid.
9331	Delete all of the selected objects and clean the selection.
9332	Enter pressed. Insert properly indented block
9333	Refresh the control to capture a new image, change the z-order, and update the display.
9334	Calculate the best position for a widget, typically at the absolute lower-right corner of the screen for top-level windows.
9335	Returns the Python item data associated with the given item
9336	Assigns Python data to a wx item and associates a unique key for future reference.
9337	Do a reverse lookup for an item containing the requested data using a wx control.
9338	Remove an item from a list and unset related data
9339	Remove all items from the list and unset related data
9340	Remove all items and column headings from the object.
9341	Changes the selected item in a control.
9342	Returns the label of the selected item or an empty list if none if multiselect is True, otherwise returns the string label of the selected item.
9343	Associate client data with an item at a specific position and maintain a reverse association using a dictionary.
9344	Adds an item to a control with an optional data association and updates an internal dictionary for reverse lookup.
9345	Constructs a string representation of an object, including its class name, attributes, and values.
9346	Return the object with the given name, searching in GUI2Py objects and wxWidgets if not found.
9347	Creates a new object with the same properties as the current object, recursively duplicating its children.
9348	Given a control, add it to the window's sizer with specified properties.
9349	Reparents a child control with the new wx_obj parent.
9350	Make several copies of the background bitmap and draw them on the device context.
9351	Draws an image as the background of a window, either tiled or as a single image.
9352	Custom draws the label when transparent background is needed.
9353	Look for every file in the directory tree and return a dict of modules.
9354	Return a sorted list of column headings sub-components inserted in the Grid.
9355	Update the grid if rows and columns have been added or deleted
9356	Update all displayed values by sending an event to the grid table.
9357	update the column attributes to add the appropriate renderer
9358	Sorts the data in a table based on the values in a specified column.
9359	Remove all rows and reset internal structures
9360	Sets up a combo box control with a custom event handler.
9361	Begin edit updates the table value and prepares the edit control.
9362	Complete the editing of the current cell and update the table if the value has changed.
9363	Returns True if the given key should be accepted to start editing, based on the key code and modifier keys pressed.
9364	This method handles the first key press in an editor, converting it to a printable character and setting it as the selected text in a text control if it's a valid character, or skipping the event if it's not.
9365	A metaclass generator that registers a class as a handler for a specific input type.
9366	Enable or disable all menu items.
9367	check if all menu items are enabled
9368	Enable or disable all top menus
9369	Check if all top menus are enabled
9370	Remove a menu from the list of menus.
9371	Process form submission and dispatch an event.
9372	Add a tag attribute to an object.
9373	Replaces spaces with non-breaking spaces in the first column of an HTML table.
9374	Helper for selecting an appropriate autodoc.Documenter class for a given Python object based on its and its parent's type.
9375	Reformat a function signature to a more compact form by stripping strings, parsing the signature into arguments and options, and producing a limited and offset-joined signature.
9376	Import a Python object given its full name, handling various import scenarios and parent objects.
9377	Expands a smart linking role based on the importability of the referenced text.
9378	This function shows a simple pop-up modal dialog with optional scrolling.
9379	The method `prompt` displays a modal dialog for user input, returning the entered text or `None` if the dialog is cancelled.
9380	Show a dialog to select a font
9381	Show a dialog to pick a color and return the selected color if accepted
9382	Show a dialog to choose a directory and return the selected path
9383	Shows a find text dialog and returns the search results.
9384	This function sets whether the button next to an item should appear, which is useful for minimizing memory usage and loading time by allowing items to have children only when needed.
9385	Set icon based on resource values
9386	Display or hide the window, optionally disabling all other windows and waiting for user interaction if modal is True.
9387	Parse a resource file and return the evaluted result
9388	Save the resource to the specified source file in a formatted string.
9389	Create a GUI2Py window based on a Python resource.
9390	Builds a GUI2Py control based on a Python resource dictionary
9391	This method associates event handlers withcomponents and controllers, mapping specific event names to their corresponding handler functions.
9392	Translating a GUI2PY attribute name from PythonCard legacy code.
9393	Writes content to the clipboard, handling both strings and bitmaps.
9394	List of documented items in the given object's docstring
9395	Adds an object and all its children to a tree view.
9396	Inspect and select an object, show its properties, and optionally show a context menu.
9397	Load the selected item in the property editor.
9398	Update the tree item when the object name changes
9399	Returns a context menu for a selected object with options to delete, duplicate, reposition, and add children.
9400	Converts a value to its representation, typically a URL, after optionally scaling and caching the image.
9401	Return a decorator function for adding an expression filter.
9402	Function decorator to register a node filter with the given name and keyword arguments.
9403	Asserts that the page has the given path.
9404	Asserts that the page doesn't have the given path by raising an exception if the path resolves for the current page.
9405	Checks if the page has the given path, returning `False` if an exception is raised.
9406	Checks if the current path does not match the given path.
9407	Selects the node if it's an option element within a select tag, with a warning if it's disabled.
9408	Apply a filter to an XPath expression based on a given value.
9409	Returns an instance of the given browser with the given capabilities.
9410	Return the XPath query for a selector, optionally matching text exactly.
9411	Check if a given node matches all specified filters.
9412	Switch to a specified frame in a web page.
9413	Executes wrapped code, accepting an alert with optional text matching and maximum wait time. Raises ModalNotFound if the modal is not found.
9414	Executes the wrapped code, accepting a confirm dialog based on optional text and wait time, and raises an exception if the dialog is not found.
9415	Execute the wrapped code, dismissing a confirm with optional text matching and wait time, and raise an exception if the modal is not found.
9416	Execute the wrapped code, optionally accepting a prompt and responding to it.
9417	Executes the wrapped code, dismissing a prompt based on optional text and wait time.
9418	Save a snapshot of the page to a specified or generated path, and return the path to the saved file.
9419	Save a screenshot of the current page at the specified path.
9420	Raise errors encountered by the server and reset the error afterward if server errors are set to be raised.
9421	Returns whether the given node matches the filter rule with the given value.
9422	Checks if the page or current node has a radio button or checkbox with the given label, value, or id, that is currently checked.
9423	Checks if the page or current node has no radio button or checkbox with the given label, value, or id that is currently checked.
9424	Checks if the page or current node has a radio button or checkbox with the given label, value, or id, that is currently unchecked.
9425	Checks if a page or current node has no radio button or checkbox with the given label, name, or id that is currently unchecked.
9426	Asserts that the page or current node has the given text content, ignoring any HTML tags.
9427	Checks if the page or current node does not contain the given text content, ignoring any HTML tags.
9428	Asserts that the page has the given title.
9429	Asserts that the page does not have the given title.
9430	Checks if the page title matches the given string or regex.
9431	Checks if the page title matches the given title using a regex pattern and returns `True` if it doesn't match, otherwise returns `False`.
9432	Find all elements on a web page that match a given CSS or XPath selector, with optional options to filter by text, visibility, or expected count.
9433	Find the first element matching a given selector and options, or return None if no element matches.
9434	Return the inner content of a given XML node, including tags.
9435	Return the inner text of a given XML node, excluding tags.
9436	Returns a URL with properly escaped query keys.
9437	Define a write-only property with a setter decorator that allows setting a property through traditional assignment, method argument, or decoration.
9438	Decorator to handle asynchronous exceptions and retry function execution until it succeeds.
9439	Returns whether to catch the given error based on a list of specified errors.
9440	Compares the result count to the query options and returns -1, 0, or 1 accordingly.
9441	Attempts to fill the result cache with at least the given number of results and returns whether the cache contains at least the given size.
9442	Return whether the given query options expect a possible count of zero.
9443	Constructs a failure message based on the provided query description and options, including count, between, maximum, and minimum values with appropriate declensions.
9444	Determines if a given count matches specified query options.
9445	Normalizes the given value to a string of text with extra whitespace removed, handling byte sequences, None, and other data types.
9446	Return the given text with outer whitespace removed and inner whitespace collapsed.
9447	Converts a given text into a compiled regular expression, optionally matching exactly.
9448	Determines whether the query resolves for the given session based on the session's current URL and the query's expected path.
9449	Resizes the window to the given dimensions.
9450	Boot a server for the app if it isn't already booted.
9451	Changing the class-wide getter for a property.
9452	Changing an instance method in a class.
9453	Descriptor to set a new class method
9454	Returns the formatted traceback information for logging.
9455	Return object representation block based on logging configuration.
9456	Retrieves a logger for a given instance, first checking the instance itself, then the class, and falling back to a default logger.
9457	Sets the logger instance to use for logging.
9458	Low-level method to call the Slack API and handle the response.
9459	This is a list of channels for the Slack team.
9460	This method returns a list of user objects representing the users of a Slack team.
9461	Create a packed bytes message object for a given text and channel.
9462	Translate machine identifiers in a message to human-readable format.
9463	Send message to Slack
9464	Read messages from a channel and send them through a protocol with a delay.
9465	Main interface. Instantiate the SlackAPI, connect to RTM, and start the client.
9466	Passes raw arguments to instantiate a Slack API client and begin the client.
9467	Return a dictionary of keys that differ between two configuration objects.
9468	Given a string, add color codes to format the string based on the specified color.
9469	Store the name of the task that is starting and set a flag to indicate that the last task name has not been printed.
9470	Run actions when a task finishes correctly, handling both single and multi-result cases.
9471	Display info about playbook statistics.
9472	Task skipped, reason printed
9473	Converts a CIDR formatted prefix into an address netmask representation using a specified separator.
9474	Decorator to check if a value passes to a Jinja filter evaluates to false and returns an empty string if it does, otherwise calls the original Jinja filter.
9475	Add a model to the class, assigning it to a class attribute with the YANG name of the model, verifying the model is supported or forcing the addition if specified.
9476	Returns a dictionary with the values of the model, optionally filtering to include only set values.
9477	This method loads a dictionary into the model, allowing for the option to overwrite existing data and automatically load needed models.
9478	Returns a dictionary with the values of the model, optionally filtering out unset values.
9479	Parses native configuration and loads it into corresponding models for a device.
9480	Parses native state and loads it into the corresponding models.
9481	Translates the object to native configuration based on the specified merge and replace rules.
9482	Load and return all filters.
9483	Find the necessary file for the given test case by constructing a full path and checking if it exists.
9484	Converts a model into a dictionary representation, useful for quick visual inspection of the model's structure and properties.
9485	Compute the difference between two models.
9486	Method to perform POST request to a specified URL and return the response object.
9487	Construct a full URL to obtain an authorization code from the provider's authorization URI using specified parameters.
9488	Retrieve an access token using an authorization code and additional parameters.
9489	Return query parameters as a dictionary from the specified URL.
9490	Remove the query component from a URL.
9491	Constructs a URL by merging additional query parameters into the base URL.
9492	Log an internal exception that was caught and suppressed.
9493	Return a response object with the given body, headers, and status code.
9494	Return a HTTP 302 redirect response object containing the OAuth error message.
9495	Return a response object from the given JSON data.
9496	Generate an HTTP response with an authorization code.
9497	Generates an access token HTTP response from a refresh token after validating client credentials, scope, and refresh token.
9498	Generate access token HTTP response.
9499	This method parses a URI to extract authorization code parameters, validates the required parameters, and handles exceptions by returning appropriate error responses.
9500	Retrieves a token response from POST data containing authorization information and handles different token retrieval methods based on the data provided.
9501	Return an authorization object based on the header and access token.
9502	Opens the SMBus interface on the specified bus.
9503	Read a single byte from the specified device.
9504	Reads multiple bytes from a specified device.
9505	Reads a single byte from the specified command register of the device.
9506	Write many bytes to the specified device. buf is a bytearray
9507	Write a byte of data to the specified command register of the device.
9508	Write a buffer of data to the specified cmd register of the device.
9509	Method returns file's CDN url, optionally with default effects applied
9510	Copy a file, checking for target storage and effects, with deprecation warning.
9511	Creates a local copy of a file on Uploadcare Storage with optional effects and storage settings.
9512	Creates a copy of a file in remote storage with optional CDN effects and access settings.
9513	Constructs a ``File`` instance from file information.
```
9514	Uploads a file and returns a ``File`` instance with optional storage setting.
9515	 `upload_from_url`  URL  `FileFromUrl` 
9516	Uploads a file from a given URL and returns a `File` instance.
9517	Returns a list of CDN URLs for all files in the group without requiring an API request.
9518	Constructs a ``FileGroup`` instance from group information.
9519	Factory that creates file group and returns `FileGroup` instance from iterable of `File` instances.
9520	Base method for executing storage operations in chunks.
9521	Extract uuid from each item of specified seq.
9522	Builds a list of items and prints them in a pretty format.
9523	Iterates over an iterable, displaying a progress bar in the console.
9524	Method to make an uploading API request and return the response as a dictionary.
9525	This interface is used to check the status of Home Mode.
9526	Return a list of cameras.
9527	Return a list of cameras matching the given camera_ids.
9528	Method for retrieving a camera snapshot as bytes.
9529	This function disables a camera by sending a request to its API endpoint with the specified camera ID and returns a success status.
9530	Returns motion settings for a given camera ID.
9531	This interface updates motion settings for a specific camera using keyword arguments and returns the updated camera ID.
9532	Updates the camera and motion settings using the latest information from an API.
9533	Given a list item, determines if it is the last list item in the list.
9534	Find consecutive `li` tags with the same list ID and yield them.
9535	Get the indentation level of an li tag using XPath and return it as an integer.
9536	A function to determine whether a table cell in a DOCX document is part of a rowspan, and if so, whether it is the start of a new rowspan or a continuation of an existing one.
9537	Get the grid span of a table cell in a Word document.
9538	Returns the td element at the passed in index, taking into account colspans.
9539	True if the 'val' attribute of the 'w' namespace in the given style is not 'false'
9540	Checks if the 'r' tag is considered bold by examining its namespace and style settings.
9541	Check if an r tag is considered italicized
9542	Check if an r tag is considered underlined.
9543	Checks if a given paragraph tag is a title by looking for a specific style attribute.
9544	Returns and yields the text run content data from r tags, including t tags, drawing tags, pict tags, and br tags in order.
9545	Return a dictionary of relationship IDs and targets after processing an XML tree.
9546	Extract out the document data, numbering data, and the relationship data from a zip file and return the XML and metadata.
9547	Return the list type based on numId and ilvl in the numbering dict, defaulting to decimal if not found.
9548	Build a list structure from a list of nodes and meta data.
9549	Builds a single `<tr>` element with all `<td>` elements populated based on the input table row (`tr`) and metadata.
9550	Internal method to construct a table element with populated rows and cells.
9551	Generate the string data for a t tag, escaping the text and wrapping it with bold or italics if specified.
9552	Removes all elements with a specific tag from an XML tree.
9553	Find the location of a dataset on disk, downloading if needed.
9554	Return the MNIST digits dataset in a flattened format and with labels as specified.
9555	Load the CIFAR10 image dataset and return the training, validation, and test sets.
9556	Plot an array of images into a single subplot with a grid layout.
9557	Create a plot of weights, visualized as "bottom-level" pixel arrays.
9558	Create a plot of convolutional filters, visualized as pixel arrays.
9559	Given a list of arrays, this function creates a callable that generates samples of a specified number of time steps and batch size by randomly selecting windows of data from the input arrays.
9560	Encode a text string by replacing characters with their corresponding alphabet index values.
9561	A function that creates a batch of data for training a classifier model.
9562	Draws a sequential sample of class labels from a network using the provided labels as a starting point.

**Note:** The summary is one sentence, as requested.
9563	Adds a convolutional weight array to the layer's parameters with optional initialization parameters.
9564	Encodes a dataset using the hidden layer activations of a neural network, optionally sampling from a Bernoulli distribution based on the hidden activations.
9565	Decode an encoded dataset by computing the output layer activation.
9566	Find a layer's output name based on the given layer specifier.
9567	Compute the R^2 coefficient of determination for a given input.
9568	Compute a greedy classification for input data using a feed-forward neural network.
9569	Compute class posterior probabilities for the given set of data using a feed-forward neural network.
9570	Compute the logit values for classification using input data and the model's feed-forward computation.
9571	Compute the mean accuracy on a set of labeled data with optional weighting.
9572	Extract a single batch of data with features, labels, and mask for training a network.
9573	Given a netCDF dataset, returns a callable that randomly selects sequences and batches them with their corresponding target classes and sequence lengths.
9574	Load a saved network from a pickle file on disk.
9575	Create a matrix of randomly-initialized weights with optional sparsity and spectral radius.
9576	Create a numpy array of random values with a specified size, mean, and standard deviation using a random number generator.
9577	A generator that yields output names and expressions from a network that match any of a sequence of glob-style patterns.
9578	Retrieves the parameters from a network that match a given pattern.
9579	Construct common regularizers for a neural network from a set of keyword arguments.
9580	A list of Theano variables used in this loss, including the target and weights if not None.
9581	Builds a Theano expression for computing the accuracy of graph outputs by comparing predicted labels against target labels, with optional weighting.
9582	Defines a basic loop in Theano using the `scan` operation and returns the output expressions and updates.
9583	Construct an activation function by name and build it accordingly.
9584	Select a random sample of n items from xs, ensuring the pool contains exactly n items by padding with distorted random duplicates if necessary.
9585	Clears the current loss functions from the network and adds a new one.
9586	Train a network using gradient descent.
9587	Train the neural network until convergence and return training and validation metrics.
9588	Generate a unique string key for representing a computation graph based on network topology, losses, and regularizers.
9589	Return the computation graph for the layers in the network, including regularized outputs and updates.
9590	Returns a list of Theano variables for feedforward computations.
9591	Returns a list of Theano variables for loss computations, ensuring no duplicates by tracking seen variable names.
9592	Retrieve a parameter from a network layer with specified name or index.
9593	Computes a forward pass through a neural network, evaluating all layers and returning their activation values for given input data.
9594	Compute a forward pass of the inputs to the network, returning the output of the last layer.
9595	Computes the R^2 coefficient of determination for a given labeled input by comparing the prediction of the network to the target output.
9596	Save the state of the network to a pickle file, either by filename or file handle, with optional gzip compression.
9597	Loaded a saved network from disk.
9598	Return the total regularized loss for a neural network, including both network loss and any regularizers.
9599	Return expressions to run as updates during network training.
9600	Return the number of "neurons" in this layer's default output.
9601	Create Theano variables representing the outputs of this layer.
9602	Bind this layer into a computation graph by resolving, setting up, and logging the layer.
9603	Resolves the names of inputs for a layer into shape tuples and updates the input shapes accordingly.
9604	Determine the output shapes for a layer based on the input shapes and provided keyword arguments, raising an error if incompatible shapes are found.
9605	Log some information about this layer, including input shapes, output shape, activation function name, inputs, and learnable parameters.
9606	Calculates and logs the total number of parameters for a layer, returning the total count.
9607	Helper method to format the name into a string
9608	Find the shape of the output layer with the given name from a list of layers.
9609	Get a shared variable for a parameter by name or index, or raise a KeyError if not found.
9610	Add a bias vector to a model with customizable size and initialization parameters.
9611	Create a specification dictionary for the layer, using keyword arguments and adding form, name, and activation.
9612	The function `loggabor` computes the envelope of a LogGabor filter given spatial frequency (`sf_0`, `B_sf`), orientation (`theta`, `B_theta`), and translation (`x_pos`, `y_pos`).
9613	Computes the image of a LogGabor function in spatial frequency and orientation domains.
9614	Add an IntervalTier or a TextTier to the project at the specified location.
9615	Remove a tier specified by name or number, removing only the first matching tier if multiple exist.
9616	Get a tier by its name or number, returning the first matching tier or raising an IndexError if it doesn't exist.
9617	Convert the object to an pympi.Elan.Eaf object with optional skipping of empty annotations and custom point lengths.
9618	Add a point to the TextTier.
9619	Add an interval to the IntervalTier with optional checking for overlap.
9620	Removes an interval if it matches the specified time; raises an exception if the tier is not an IntervalTier.
9621	Remove a point with the given time if it exists.
9622	Generator that yields all intervals or points, optionally sorted.
9623	Returns a sorted list of intervals including the empty intervals, ensuring that there are no gaps between consecutive intervals and that the list includes intervals from the start of the tier to the end of the tier.
9624	-indents an XML element and its children with tabs and newlines for pretty printing.
9625	Add an annotation with validation for start and end times.
9626	Add an entry to a controlled vocabulary, validating languages before insertion.
9627	Add a description to a controlled vocabulary for a given language reference.
9628	Add an external reference to the object with the given type, ID, and value, raising an error if the type is not allowed.
9629	Add a language with its ID, definition, and label to the object.
9630	Lexicon reference endpoint Adds lexicon reference
9631	Adds a linguistic type with given parameters or a dictionary of parameters.
9632	Add a linked file with optional parameters for relative path, mimetype, time origin, and extracted from field.
9633	Add a locale with language, country, and variant codes
9634	Adds a secondary linked file with specified file path, relative path, mimetype, time origin, and associated with field, and raises a KeyError if the guessed mimetype is not standard or unknown.
9635	Add a tier with specified parameters, or use default values if necessary.
9636	Clean up all unused timeslots, removing them from the `timeslots` dictionary.
9637	Creates a new object containing the selected time frame by extracting annotations within the specified start and end times and removing those outside that range.
9638	Generate the next annotation ID by incrementing the maximum ID found in the timeslots or starting from 1 if no timeslots are present.
9639	Generate the next timeslot id and return it, raising a ValueError if the time is negative.
9640	Find all child tiers for a given tier by checking their parent reference in a dictionary.
9641	Return the full time interval of the file.
9642	Get the referential annotation data that occurs after a specified time.
9643	Get the most recent annotation before a given time on a specified tier.
9644	Return list of tier names matching a linguistic type and parent.
9645	Computes the sum of a list.
9646	Removes all annotations from a specified tier in the object and optionally cleans time slots.
9647	Deletes a controlled vocabulary description for a specified language reference and controlled vocabulary name.
9648	Removes all licenses matching both key and value.
9649	Returns new deque after removing matching linked files based on provided criteria.
9650	Removes all properties matching both key and value
9651	Remove a reference annotation from a tier based on a given time.
9652	Removes all secondary linked files that match all the specified criteria, ignoring criteria that are `None`.
9653	Remove a tier, optionally cleaning associated timeslots.
9654	Remove multiple tiers efficiently by delaying the cleaning of timeslots.
9655	Rename a tier and update its child tiers' parent references accordingly.
9656	Shift annotations in time by a specified value, squashing or discarding those that fall out of bounds.
9657	Parses command-line options and uses them to process input text lines, adjusting the display of Unicode characters based on the provided options.
9658	Display debug information for the storage, optionally including base level, base directory, runs, and character details.
9659	Get the base embedding level of a given text, which can be either LTR (0) or RTL (1).
9660	Extracts the embedding levels and directions of paragraphs and stores them in an array of characters.
9661	Applies X1 to X9 rules of the unicode algorithm to process and adjust character levels and directional overrides.
9662	Split the storage to run of char types at the same level.
9663	Resolve weak type rules W1 - W7 for bidirectional text processing.
9664	Resolves neutral text types based on surrounding strong text and embedding levels, as defined in Unicode's Bidi Algorithm.
9665	Reverses contiguous sequences of characters at specific levels in a given range.
9666	Reorders resolved levels by applying L1 and L2 rules, resetting embedding levels for segment and paragraph separators, and calculating the highest and lowest odd levels on each line.
9667	Injects the current working Maya scene file into the given context, normalizing the path and setting both 'currentFile' and 'current_file' keys.
9668	Convert compiled .ui file from PySide2 to Qt.py
9669	Append to self, accessible via Qt.QtCompat.
9670	Command-line interface for Qt.py, supporting conversion and compilation of UI files.
9671	Maintain backwards compatibility by adding deprecated members to the binding and marking them as added.
9672	Try showing the most desirable GUI by cycling through the currently registered graphical user interfaces and presenting it to the user.
9673	Return the most recently registered GUI.
9674	Deregisters specified hosts from the pyblish.api.
9675	Adds Pyblish to the file-menu in Maya.
9676	Maintains the previous selection in Maya's scene during context.
9677	Maintain current time during context execution and restore it afterwards.
9678	Popup with information about how to register a new GUI.
9679	Resolve circular references in Message object types by replacing names with real classes.
9680	This function calculates the cumulative data by summing up the data sets one by one and yields the sum at each step.
9681	Return all the values for a single axis of the data.
9682	Draw a constant line on the y-axis with the specified label and style.
9683	Cache the transformation parameters for x and y coordinates.
9684	Reverse the keys and values of a dictionary.
9685	Generate a sequence of floating-point numbers between start and stop with a given step size.
9686	Adds data to a graph by summing elements, handling differing lengths by assuming missing values to be zero.
9687	Add SVG filter definition to 'defs' element
9688	Adds data to the graph object and processes the data according to the given configuration.
9689	Processes the template with data and config to return the resulting SVG, raising a ValueError if no data is available.
9690	Calculates the margin to the left of the plot area, considering options for Y labels and title, and sets border_left accordingly.
9691	Calculate the right margin in pixels for the plot area based on the keys and their font size, adding padding around a.key box.
9692	Calculate the top margin in pixels for a plot area, including optional title and subtitle font sizes.
9693	Add pop-up information to a point on the graph.
9694	Calculate the margin in pixels below the plot area, setting border_bottom based on the number of data points, x-axis label heights, and whether to stagger them or display an x-axis title.
9695	Draws an SVG graph with a background rectangle and labeled axes.
9696	Add text for a datapoint at specified coordinates with an optional style.
9697	Draw X axis labels based on certain conditions and configurations
9698	Draws the Y axis labels based on the current settings in the class instance.
9699	Draws X-axis guidelines on a graph, skipping the first one and stopping at the graph height for a specified number of times.
9700	Draws Y-axis guidelines on a graph.
9701	Draws the graph title, subtitle, x-axis title, and y-axis title based on their visibility settings.
9702	Hard-codes styles into the SVG XML for nodes with classes if inline styles are enabled.
9703	Creates the base SVG document structure with necessary attributes and elements, including namespaces, root attributes, comments, and a background rectangle.
9704	Get the stylesheets for this instance by loading and substituting class variables.
9705	Convenience function to start an IRC bot on a given network, optionally joining some channels.
9706	Sends raw data over the wire if connected, or buffers it for later transmission based on registration status and force flag.
9707	Connect to the IRC server using the nickname, handle SSL wrapping, and register the nickname and user.
9708	Send a response to a channel or a single user via PRVMSG.
9709	Return a tuple of regex patterns and corresponding callback functions for handling different events.
9710	Generates a new nickname by appending a random number to the original nickname, logs the change, registers the new nickname, and handles the nickname change.
9711	Respond to periodic PING messages from server by logging the payload and sending a PONG response.
9712	When the connection to the server is registered, send all pending data.
9713	Handles the main loop of the IRCConnection by reading from the socket and dispatching events based on regex matching.
9714	The method registers a worker with a boss by sending a registration request every 30 seconds until it is confirmed.
9715	This method runs tasks in a greenlet, processing commands from a task queue and reporting results to a command channel.
9716	decorator to ensure that commands only can come from the boss
9717	Return the listen patterns and handler functions for the worker bot.
9718	Process the registration success message by setting the channel, joining it, and indicating registration completion.
9719	Process a task from the BotnetBot and execute it if within the allowed workers or if no workers are specified.
9720	Indicates that the worker with a given nickname is performing a task.
9721	Send a validation email to the user's email address, if the user's email is not already verified.
9722	Send a password reset notification to the user's email address.
9723	This method validates the strength of a password by checking if it contains a mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and optional ASCII symbols/spaces, raising validation errors if it does not meet these criteria.
9724	Verify and update user status based on a one-time token.
9725	Delete the user's avatar and return a 204 No Content response.
9726	Throttle POST requests only.
9727	Provides a single global ThreadPoolExecutor for managing concurrent tasks.
9728	Provides a single global client instance with TLS configuration and environment variables.
9729	Return the TLS client certificate and key if provided, otherwise None.
9730	Returns service name inside the Docker Swarm.
9731	Wrapper for calling Docker methods to be passed to ThreadPoolExecutor.
9732	Return a Future by calling a docker method in a background thread
9733	This function checks for the state of a Docker service task and returns 1 if no running tasks are found.
9734	Logs the stopping and removal of a Docker service and removes it.
9735	Filter the queryset to ensure that the lowercased email is unique.
9736	Checks if the old password is valid and updates the password if it is.
9737	Sets the new password for a user and saves the instance.
9738	Function to validate if an email exists and requires verification.
9739	Create a new authentication token for a user and return it in a response.
9740	Delete an authentication token when a `delete` request is issued.
9741	Disallow non-owner users from resetting another user's email.
9742	Validate the `email` in the request and send a validation email to the user.
9743	Update token's expiration datetime on every auth action and save the changes if commit is True.
9744	Email context for resetting a user password.
9745	Send a notification by email using the provided notification and email context.
9746	Password reset email handler sets the subject and calls the email handler function with the context.
9747	Set the email subject for a validation notification and pass it to an email handler.
9748	Authenticate a user from a token form field and return the user and token if successful, otherwise return None.
9749	Custom authentication to check if token has expired and update its expiration date.
9750	Display Bokeh output inside a notebook by publishing plot HTML, comm manager, and bokeh plot JS.
9751	Temporary fix to patch HoloViews plot comms by updating subplot callbacks and replacing plot IDs.
9752	The function that generates a CustomJS callback to send widget state across the notebook comms.
9753	Get widget for a given parameter name
9754	renders HoloViews objects using the appropriate renderer based on the view context
9755	Forces a parameter value to be text and returns a TextInput widget.
9756	Given a list of objects, returns a dictionary mapping from string name for the object to the object itself.
9757	Returns the owner of a supplied method or class method.
9758	Splits HTTP authentication value into username and password attributes.
9759	Checks if the cluster is up by performing a HEAD request and returns True if successful, otherwise False.
9760	Get the basic info from the current cluster.
9761	Coroutine that queries the cluster Health API and returns a 2-tuple containing the request status and response data.
9762	Converts bytes to a human readable format.
9763	Calculates the total CPU load for Synology DSM by summing the system, user, and other loads.
9764	Get the total memory size of Synology DSM.
9765	Returns the total upload speed being used, either in bytes or a human-readable format.
9766	Return all available volumes by their IDs
9767	Return a specific volume by volume ID
9768	Returns the total size of a volume, optionally converting to a human-readable format.
9769	Calculates the percentage of used space on a given volume.
9770	Returns the average temperature of all disks making up a given volume.
9771	Returns the maximum temperature of all disks in the given volume.
9772	Returns a specific disk based on the provided disk ID if the disk data is available.
9773	Build and execute login request
9774	Function to handle sessions for a GET request and retry if necessary.
9775	Execute and handle a GET request, processing the response based on status code and JSON data.
9776	Updates the usage and storage information by making API calls to the server.
9777	Provides a getter for various Utilisation variables, initializing them via an API call if not already initialized.
9778	Getter for module-level `Storage` variables
9779	Creates the context for a specific request using the provided body and webhook data
9780	Returns the cached token of the current tenant, fetching it if not already cached.
9781	Build an attribute dictionary by combining default attributes with any additional attributes provided.
9782	Class decorator for ensuring passed apps are present in INSTALLED_APPS.
9783	A class decorator that excludes the specified apps from INSTALLED_APPS.
9784	A method that returns a dictionary of all global settings with uppercase keys from the `global_settings` module.
9785	Handles the retrieval of the code and processes the request based on the parsed URL.
9786	For a given key, this method retrieves a value from the config and converts it to a boolean if requested, splits the value by a specified delimiter if needed, and applies a specified function to the value if required; it also handles exceptions by returning an exception default or raising a KeyError.
9787	Change the value of the given key in the given file to the given value.
9788	This interface is used to set parameter value for a function in an ABI file.
9789	Start the webserver as a new Thread to receive code.
9790	Wait until the user accepted or rejected the request, then shutdown the server.
9791	Request new access information from Reddit using the built-in webserver.
9792	Check if tokens are set and request new ones if not.
9793	Refreshes the OAuth2 tokens for a Reddit object.
9794	Refreshes the Reddit OAuth2 token if it has expired or if forced.
9795	Create a DynamoDB table for run manifests if it does not already exist.
9796	Splits an S3 path into a bucket name and a path.
9797	Check if a given prefix in an S3 bucket is archived in Glacier storage class by examining the storage class of the first object within that prefix.
9798	Extract date part from run id with validation.
9799	Removes all keys with `None` values from the input dictionary.
9800	Add run_id to a DynamoDB manifest table.
9801	Check if run_id is stored in specified DynamoDB table.
9802	Extracts schema information from an Iglu URI.
9803	Generate an Elasticsearch field name based on the provided schema prefix, organization, name, and model.
9804	Converts a contexts JSON to an Elasticsearch-compatible list of key-value pairs.
9805	Converts an unstructured event JSON to a list containing one Elasticsearch-compatible key-value pair.
9806	Convert a Snowplow enriched event TSV into a JSON.
9807	Convert a Snowplow enriched event into a JSON object, adding geolocation data if specified.
9808	Return a tuple containing the name of the template used in a TemplateResponse and all possible choices.
9809	Prints the entire template context in a formatted string.
9810	Prints a set of variables, resolving their values and formatting them in a specific way.
9811	Highlights common SQL words in a string by escaping it and applying HTML formatting.
9812	Returns an HTML string representation of a Django template context, filtering out non-usable fields and formatting complex objects like QuerySets, Managers, dicts, lists, and custom objects.
9813	Output:
Return a formatted HTML summary of the dictionary keys
9814	Apply some HTML highlighting to the contents.
9815	Format an item in the result, handling exceptions.
9816	Calls the recursive formatting method of the superclass and handles any exceptions by writing the formatted exception to the stream.
9817	Parse the next token in the stream.
9818	Parse LaTeX content `s` and return a tuple containing a list of `LatexNode` objects, the current position, and the total length parsed.
9819	Extracts text from LaTeX code for database indexing, with options to skip parsing errors, keep inline math, and keep comments.
9820	Sets the directory for input files when encountering the `\input` or `\include` macro, optionally specifying flags for parsing input files and whether to strictly constrain file paths within the specified directory.
9821	This method reads the content of a file located in a specified input directory, with support for different file extensions and strict path validation.
9822	Parses LaTeX code and returns its textual representation.
9823	Encode a UTF-8 string to a LaTeX snippet.
9824	Convert a string where characters are in hexadecimal Unicode coding to Unicode coding format.
9825	Get information for the organization.
9826	Returns a list of Board objects for the organization.
9827	Returns a list of Member objects attached to the organization based on query parameters.
9828	Update this organization's information and return the updated organization object.
9829	Remove a member from the organization and return JSON of all members if successful or raise an exception if not.
9830	Add a member to the board using the id and specify the membership type.
9831	Adds a member to the board with an optional membership type and returns JSON of all members if successful or raises an Unauthorised exception if not.
9832	Get information for this list. Returns a dictionary of values.
9833	Returns a Card object by creating a card for the list using the provided query parameters.
9834	Get all information for a Label.
9835	Retrieve all items for a given label, returning a list of dictionaries with item values.
9836	Update the current label's name and return a new Label object.
9837	Update the current label and return a new Label object.
9838	Get authorization URL for an application.
9839	Retrieve card information using optional query parameters and return it as a dictionary.
9840	Returns board information for a card as a Board object.
9841	Retrieve list information for the card and return a List object.
9842	Returns a list of Checklist objects attached to the card.
9843	Adds a comment to this card by the current user.
9844	Adds an attachment to a card.
9845	Adds a checklist to a card and returns a Checklist object.
9846	Add a label to this entity from a dictionary.
9847	Add an existing label to the card using its ID.
9848	Add a member to the card and return a list of Member objects.
9849	Retrieves information for a member and returns it as a dictionary.
9850	Returns a list of Card objects for all cards this member is attached to.
9851	Returns a list of Organisation objects representing all organisations a member is attached to.
9852	Create a new board. Name is required in query_params. Returns a Board object.
9853	Enable singledispatch for class methods using the dispatcher and register the method.
9854	Get all information for a board as a dictionary.
9855	Returns a list of List objects attached to the board.
9856	Returns the labels attached to the board as a list of Label objects.
9857	Returns a card for a given card id.
9858	Returns a list of Checklist objects for the board.
9859	Retrieve the organisation for this board and return an Organisation object.
9860	Update this board's information and return the updated board.
9861	Create a list for a board. Returns a new List object.
9862	Creates a label for a board and returns a new Label object.
9863	Get all information for a Checklist.
9864	Retrieves the card associated with the checklist.
9865	Return a list of ChecklistItem.
9866	Update the current checklist and return a new Checklist object.
9867	Add an item to the checklist and return its details.
9868	Deletes an item from this checklist.
9869	Rename the current checklist item and return a new ChecklistItem object.
9870	Set the state of the current checklist item to either 'complete' or 'incomplete'.
9871	Adds API key and user auth token to query parameters
9872	This method checks an HTTP response for known errors, and raises exceptions for unauthorized access (401 status) or unavailable resources (status other than 200).
9873	Builds the URI for the API call with the given path and query parameters.
9874	Make a call to Trello API, handling different HTTP methods and capturing the JSON response, raising an error if the request fails.
9875	Create an Organisation object from a JSON object
9876	Creates a Board object from a JSON object.
9877	Create Label object from JSON object
9878	A method that creates a List object from a JSON object by extracting the list ID, name, and data.
9879	Create a Card object from JSON object
9880	A function that creates a Checklist object from a JSON object using the provided `checklist_json` and returns it.
9881	Create a Member object from JSON object
9882	Retrieves an organisation using its ID and name.
9883	Get a board with the given `id` and returns it.
9884	Get a list
9885	Create a card with the given `id` and optional `name`.
9886	Create a checklist with the given `id` and optional `name`.RETURN the checklist.
9887	Returns a member based on the given `id` or the current member if no `id` is provided.
9888	Returns the root domain from a given URL by removing query strings, paths, protocol, and sub-domains, raising an exception for invalid URLs.
9889	A generator to convert raw text segments without XML to a list of words without any markup, normalizing dates to `7777`.
9890	Converts raw text to a list of words without any markup, normalizing dates and removing various forms of non-textual content.
9891	Converts raw text segments, with markup and non-textual content, to a list of words without any markup.
9892	Writing encrypted password to file in base64 format.
9893	Split a string at specified locations indicated by a list of integers.
9894	Add 'SHOULD_SPLIT' marker at the end of each matching group's location in the given text.
9895	Adds "SHOULD_SPLIT" markers at the beginning and end of each matching regex group, and marks characters within the matching group as "SHOULD_NOT_SPLIT".
9896	Main command line interface.
9897	Create the cipher object for encrypting or decrypting a payload using a key derived from a password and salt.
9898	Return the AES mode, or a list of valid AES modes, if mode == None
9899	Determines the priority of the current system based on the availability of certain packages and modules.
9900	Checks for a valid encryption scheme in the given configuration and validates its properties, raising appropriate errors if the scheme is missing or invalid.
9901	Log and display the incoming message payload.
9902	Generate a unique ID for Protocol packets that persists beyond their session, ensuring the ID is not zero and cycling through a maximum of 65536 values.
9903	This interface is used to send a CONNECT control packet and returns a failure result with an MQTT state error indicating an unexpected operation.
9904	Handles unexpected CONNACK packet from the server and logs an error.
9905	Encode an UTF-8 string into MQTT format and return a bytearray with the length of the string in the first two bytes. If the string length is greater than 65535, raise a StringValueError.
9906	Decodes an encoded MQTT bytearray into a UTF-8 string and returns the decoded string along with the remaining bytearray.
9907	Encode a 16-bit unsigned integer into MQTT format and return it as a bytearray.
9908	Encodes a value into a multibyte sequence according to the MQTT protocol for use in packet length fields.
9909	Decodes a variable length value defined in the MQTT protocol.
9910	Encodes and stores a DISCONNECT control packet.
9911	Encodes and stores a CONNECT control packet with various header and payload fields, handling string lengths and flags appropriately.
9912	Decode a CONNECT control packet into a structured format by parsing its various headers and fields.
9913	Encode and store a CONNACK control packet.
9914	Decodes a CONNACK control packet by parsing its contents to determine the session state and result code.
9915	Decode a SUBSCRIBE control packet.
9916	Encodes and stores a SUBACK control packet.
9917	Encodes and stores an UNSUBCRIBE control packet with specified topics and message ID.
9918	Decode a UNSUBACK control packet and extract the message ID and topics.
9919	Encodes and stores an UNSUBACK control packet.
9920	Encodes and stores a PUBLISH control packet, raising exceptions for invalid inputs and payload sizes.
9921	Decode a PUBLISH control packet.
9922	Decode a PUBREL control packet
9923	Returns URL for calling a method with optional parameters.
9924	Send a request to an API and return the response as a JSON dictionary.
9925	Refresh the list of blocks on the master node and broadcast it to all other nodes
9926	Converts a dict of data into an array suitable for use with `sklearn.cluster`, optionally scaling the data.
9927	Format data for cluster fitting by scaling it using a StandardScaler.
9928	Fit KMeans clustering algorithm to data and return the fitted object.
9929	Fit MeanShift clustering algorithm to data.
9930	Fit classifiers from a large dataset using specified clustering method.
9931	Label new data with cluster identities.
9932	Return cluster identities for the original data size, replacing non-finite values with -2.
9933	Sorts clusters based on the concentration of a specific analyte by reassigning cluster labels.
9934	Converts a string to a datetime object with an optional format.
9935	Counts the total number of data points in the values of a dictionary.
9936	Returns the maximum value of `uTime` across all items in the input dictionary `d`.
9937	Return the most appropriate plotting unit and multiplier for a given number based on specified conditions.
9938	Formats an element name by extracting thechemical symbol and atomic number andrturning them into a LaTeX-formatted stringwith the atomic number as a superscript.
9939	Converts analytes in format '27Al' to 'Al27' by rearranging the order of the element symbol and mass number.
9940	Converts compound formulas in format 'Al27' to '27Al'.
9941	Copies all CSV files from nested directories to a single destination directory.
9942	Return numbers for consecutive booleans in an array
9943	Generate a boolean array indicating where x values fall within specified tuples.
9944	Calculates the rolling mean of a 1D NumPy array using a specified window size.
9945	Calculates the rolling gradient of a numpy array using a sliding window.
9946	Return array of points in x where y has a local minimum.
9947	Identifies clusters using the Meanshift algorithm, estimating bandwidth automatically if not provided, and returns labels for each data point.
9948	The `cluster_kmeans` function uses the K-Means algorithm to identify clusters in a given dataset and returns the cluster labels along with a list containing a single NaN value.
9949	Identify clusters using DBSCAN algorithm by identifying dense regions of points that are close to each other.
9950	Returns the list of unique SRMs defined in the SRM database.
9951	Read LAtools configuration file and return parameters as dict.
9952	Reads a configuration file named 'latools.cfg' using `configparser` and returns the ConfigParser object along with the file path.
9953	Prints all currently defined configurations.
9954	Creates a copy of the default SRM table at the specified location.
9955	Adds a new configuration to latools.cfg and sets its parameters based on an existing configuration or provided values, then saves the changes.
9956	Change the default configuration based on user input and validation.
9957	Excludes all data after the first contiguous portion of the input boolean array where the value is False, with a minimum length defined by the threshold parameter.
9958	Remove fragments of length less than or equal to a specified threshold from a boolean array, either by including or excluding them based on the mode.
9959	Applies exponential decay and noise despiking to data.
9960	Plot a detailed autorange report for a given sample based on specified parameters and transform function.
9961	Transform boolean arrays into list of limit pairs.
9962	Divides all analytes by a specified internal_standard analyte and stores the ratios in self.data['ratios'].
9963	Apply calibration to data for specified analytes using calibration parameters and update the calibrated data in the instance.
9964	Calculate sample statistics for specified analytes using various statistical functions, optionally filtering the data and calculating per-ablation or whole-sample statistics.
9965	Calculates the ablation time for each ablation.
9966	Applies threshold filters to data for a specified analyte.
9967	Apply gradient threshold filter to keep data above or below the specified threshold.
9968	Calculate local correlation between two analytes using a rolling window and apply filters.
9969	Return None.
9970	Creates a new filter from a combination of other filters using a logical operator and adds it to the filter collection.
9971	Returns a dictionary of parameters used for processing data.
9972	Plot histograms of all items in dat.
9973	Computes summary statistics for paired x, y data, including residuals and regression analysis.
9974	Fetches specified LAtools reference data from an online repository and returns it as a pandas DataFrame or dictionary.
9975	Find an instance of the type class `TC` for type `G` by iterating `G`'s parent classes, checking if the instance is a subclass of `TC`.
9976	Return a DataFrame with columns (element, atomic_number, isotope, atomic_weight, percent) if all_isotopes is True, otherwise return a DataFrame with the average atomic_weight for each element.
9977	Calculates the molecular weight of a given molecule based on standard chemical notation.
9978	Generates a single escape sequence mapping from keyword arguments and optional arguments.
9979	Removes elements matching the predicate from the stack and keeps only the last match at the end.
9980	Remove duplicates from the stack in first-seen order.
9981	Calculate gaussian weighted moving mean, SD and SE.
9982	Returns a gaussian function described by the parameters A, mu, and sigma.
9983	Calculate the standard error of a.
9984	Return the sample names from the specified subset. If no subset is specified, return all samples.
9985	Despikes data using exponential decay and noise filters with optional plotting and focusing on different stages of analysis.
9986	Calculates the background using a Gaussian weighted mean for specified analytes, with options for filtering and customization of the calculation parameters.
9987	Calculate the background using 1D interpolation for specified analytes.
9988	Subtracts calculated background from data using specified analytes, error types, and focus stages, updating data accordingly.
9989	Calculates the ratio of all analytes to a single analyte using a progress bar and updates the stages complete and focus stage.
9990	Create a subset of samples that can be treated independently.
9991	Apply a gradient threshold filter to the data based on given analyte and percentile values.
9992	Fit a clustering classifier using various parameters including the method, analytes, samples, and sorting criteria.
9993	Apply a clustering classifier to all or a subset of samples and return the classifier name.
9994	Applies a rolling correlation filter to data based on specified analytes, window, and thresholds, excluding data where Pearson's R value is above the threshold and statistically significant (p-value < threshold).
9995	Turns on data filters for specified analytes and samples, handling cases where filters do not apply to certain samples and optionally showing the filter status.
9996	Turns off data filters for particular analytes and samples.
9997	Prints the current status of filters for specified samples or subsets.
9998	Remove 'fragments' from filters based on a specified threshold and mode.
9999	Report how many data are removed by the active filters
10000	Plot a histogram of the gradients in all samples.
10001	Plot analyte gradients against each other in a crossplot.
10002	Plot histograms of analytes with optional parameters for bins, log scale, filtering, and colourfulness.
10003	Plot analytes as a function of time and save the plots to a specified directory.
10004	Plot analyte gradients as a function of time for specified samples and analytes, saving the plots in a specified directory.
10005	Plot filter reports for all filters that contain `filt_str` in the name.
10006	Calculate and store sample statistics for specified analytes and indices.
10007	Computes and returns a pandas dataframe of all sample statistics, optionally saving it to a csv file.
10008	For the given code, a concise summary is:
Exports a minimal dataset for specified analytes and samples to a specified output directory.
This summary captures the primary function of the `_minimal_export_traces` method, which is to generate and save a simplified version of data for one or more analytes and samples into a CSV file within a given directory.
10009	Exports raw data traces based on specified parameters and optionally zips the output.
10010	Save log analysis to specified directory with optional header.
10011	Exports analysis parameters, standard info, and a minimal dataset that can be imported by another user, optionally zipping the export.
10012	Splits a long file into multiple smaller files based on a regular expression pattern and saves them to a specified directory.
10013	A method that applies a function to each element of a traversable and then performs a fold operation using the results.
10014	Plot a fitted PCA and all components, displaying the relationship between each pair of principal components.
10015	Remove mean and divide by standard deviation using Bayesian statistics.
10016	Remove median, divide by IQR if there are more than 2 non-NaN values, otherwise return an array of NaNs.
10017	Apply a standard deviation filter to remove anomalous values in a signal by replacing them with the mean of neighboring values.
10018	Apply exponential decay filter to remove physically impossible data based on instrumental washout, iterating up to maxiter times.
10019	Adds a filter with a specified name, boolean array, and optional description and parameters to a data filtering system.
10020	Remove filter by name or set number, and update related data structures.
10021	Clears all filters by resetting all instance variables.
10022	Removes unused filters from the components based on the absence of corresponding switches.
10023	Identify a filter by fuzzy string matching, returning the most closely matched filter name or names.
10024	converts a logical expression into a boolean filter using regular expressions and eval
10025	Retrieve a boolean filter for a specific filter using any key format.
10026	Returns a string that contains information for all filters.
10027	Function for logging method calls and parameters.
10028	Writes and analyses a log to a file with a given header and file name, returning the path to the file.
10029	Reads an latools analysis.log file and returns dictionaries of arguments for running analysis steps and the locations of data and SRM database.
10030	Decorator that wraps a function with a timeout and retries login if it fails.
10031	Asynchronous function to login to a modem, retrieve and print information, and then logout.
10032	A coroutine to send a message using an external modem via HTTP.
10033	Parse a file-like object or string and return an instance of pyparsing parse results.
10034	Return the link to the Jupyter nbviewer for the given notebook URL.
10035	Returns a string for creating the thumbnail of the example using the snippet, thumbnail file, and reference name.
10036	Callback to format a code snippet with a template, returning None if no code example is available.
10037	Returns the code example from the notebook metadata if it exists.
10038	Return the URL for this notebook on nbviewer if known, or None otherwise.
10039	Returns the output file path with the specified ending.
10040	Processing a notebook to create pictures and files using `nbconvert` and `nbformat`, optionally disabling warnings, preprocessing, removing tags, and clearing output.
10041	Convert a Jupyter notebook to a Python script, handling version compatibility and removing IPython magic commands.
10042	Create the rst string to download supplementary data.
10043	Creates a thumbnail for HTML output by copying a thumbnail figure, checking its type, and saving the thumbnail if available. If no thumbnail is found, it attempts to save the last PNG picture in the list.
10044	Fetches the summary and description from the first markdown cell of a notebook.
10045	Scales an image while maintaining its aspect ratio and centers it within an image of specified max width and height, with an option to only scale down if the input and output filenames are the same.
10046	Save the thumbnail image by creating the thumbnail directory if it doesn't exist, generating the thumbnail file path, scaling the original image to the thumbnail dimensions, and storing the thumbnail file path.
10047	Returns the copied thumbnail figure path, if existent.
In some cases it combines the directory of the output and input files to generate a proper thumbnail figure path.
10048	Generates a URL corresponding to a given notebook file path.
10049	Generate language codes where the specific field does not exist in the database table or where the field name follows a certain pattern indicating a language code.
10050	Return the value of a field in the current language, or the default language if not set.
10051	Apply post-processors to a thumbnail file based on the specified size.
10052	When saving a model instance, the source image is processed through defined processors and resized if necessary, then saved with a new filename.
10053	Populates self._thumbnails with thumbnail data from the metadata backend
10054	This function returns all thumbnails in a dictionary format, refreshing the cache if necessary.
10055	Create and return a thumbnail of a given size.
10056	Deletes a thumbnail of a given size.
10057	Create a thumbnail file and its metadata, returning a Thumbnail instance.
10058	Returns a Thumbnail instance or None if the thumbnail does not exist.
10059	Deletes a thumbnail file and its relevant metadata.
10060	Simulate an incoming message and handle it.
10061	Register a virtual subscriber to receive messages for a specific phone number and associate a callback function to handle those messages.
10062	Return the set of states associated with an object, primarily for pretty printing.
10063	Register a provider with the gateway.
10064	Send a message object using the appropriate provider based on its routing values or default settings, and handle potential errors during the process.
10065	Factory that creates a Flask blueprint for handling incoming messages & status reports for a named provider.
10066	Retrieve and return Flask blueprints for providers supporting receivers.
10067	Calls Gateway.onReceive event hook and populates fields in the received message.
10068	Handle incoming status updates by populating fields and firing an event hook.
10069	For use as a decorator wrapping JsonEx API views, catching exceptions and returning JSON responses with appropriate status codes.
10070	Base method for forwarding an object to clients.
10071	This interface is used to sign a Web3 transaction using a given signature (`v`, `r`, `s`) and returns the RLP-encoded transaction and its hash.
10072	Estimate the transaction gas using web3.
10073	Estimate transaction gas by using the maximum of calculations from the safe method or web3 for CALL operations, or just the safe calculation for other operations.
10074	Append data to the write queue and optionally wait for it to be flushed.
10075	Reads one line from a serial instance, waiting asynchronously if no linefeed is present.
10076	Checks if the message has any bad headers and sends it using the configured email host. If the maximum number of emails is reached, it calls `quit` and reconfigures the host.
10077	Converts an email message to a string representation, handling various formats and attachments.
10078	Function to check for bad headers by searching for newlines in subject, sender or recipients.
10079	Adds an attachment to the message.
10080	Registers services that can be accessed by this DAL and sets them up.
10081	Returns a Config object containing configuration settings from the specified module.
10082	Registers resources with the ResourceManager, ensuring no duplicates are added.
10083	Raises an exception if value for `key` is empty.
10084	Teardowns a Resource or Middleware by handling both normal and exception-driven exits.
10085	Hook to setup this service with a specific DataManager.
10086	The function calculates the group index with respect to wavelength by subtracting a term that depends on the wavelength from the group index at that wavelength.
10087	Function to calculate the refractive index using a Cauchy equation with given wavelengths and coefficients.
10088	Log in to a backend system using a username and password, then retrieve user information, default realm, main realm, and default time periods, handling exceptions and authentication errors.
10089	Logs into the backend, generates a token, and returns True if successful, otherwise False.
10090	Retrieve all available child endpoints of the root in an Alignak backend.
10091	Retrieves all items from the specified endpoint in the Alignak backend, handling pagination and potential errors.
10092	Method to update an item using a PATCH request and handle specific HTTP errors, including 412 when the _etag does not match.
10093	Delete an item or set of items from the RedCap Project.
10094	Returns True if path1 and path2 refer to the same file by comparing their file system information.
10095	Create a junction point to a directory.
10096	Configures global logging settings and variables based on command-line arguments.
10097	Suppresses the default exit behavior by raising a UsageError with a potentially remessaged invalid subparser message.
10098	Recognizes and claims MuTect VCFs from the set of all input VCFs.
10099	Standardize the column header of a VCF file by replacing sample names with "NORMAL" and "TUMOR" based on MuTect metadata.
10100	Recognizes and claims VarScan VCFs from the set of all input VCFs.
10101	Calculate the mean and standard deviation of a dataset using the Welford's method from a VCF file.
10102	Claims incoming files as they are recognized and separates them into unclaimed and claimed VcfReaders.
10103	Splits data into lines using specified terminators.
10104	Return the line terminator at the beginning of the data or None if no terminator is found.
10105	Return line terminator data ends with or None.
10106	Seek next line relative to the current file position.
10107	Seeks the previous line in a file relative to the current file position, returning its position or -1 if not found.
10108	Return the last lines of the file.
10109	Returns the top lines of the file specified by the `lines` parameter.
10110	Iterate and yield lines as they are added to a file, handling file truncation and line terminators.
10111	Recognizes and claims Strelka VCFs from the set of all input VCFs.
10112	Parse a VCF line into a VcfRecord object.
10113	Creates a sample dict of tag-value dicts for a single variant record.
10114	Return the set of format tags from the sample tag values.
10115	Updates the info attribute by joining fields from the info dict.
10116	Returns the format field as a string, either a period or a colon-separated list of tag names from the sample_tag_values dictionary.
10117	Converts sample-format values to a string, joining them with ':', or returns '.' if no values are present.
10118	Returns a tab-delimited, newline terminated string representation of VcfRecord.
10119	Appends a new format tag-value for all samples, raising an error if the tag already exists or if the sample name values do not match.
10120	Replaces a null or blank filter or adds a filter to the existing list if it doesn't already exist.
10121	Returns the categories available to the user based on the specified products.
10122	Produces an appropriate ProductsForm subclass based on the given render type and products.
10123	Creates a StaffProductsForm that restricts the available products to those accessible to a user.
10124	Helper method for adding an error to a given product's field
10125	Decorator that stores the result of the decorated function in the user's results cache until the batch completes, using the function and positional arguments as cache keys.
10126	Creates a form for selecting fields from a model.
10127	Returns the list of items that this user has purchased or has a pending order.
10128	Sends an email to the specified address using a template.
10129	Fetches and processes OpenStreetMap change files, yielding one changeset at a time, while handling state and retrying on errors.
10130	Parse an OSM XML file into memory and return an object containing the nodes, ways, and relations it contains.
10131	Parses the global OSM Notes feed and yields note information in chronological order.
10132	Returns true if the condition passes the filter after being pre-filtered by the given user.
10133	Returns True if this flag condition is met, otherwise returns False.
10134	This function checks if a user has exceeded their stock limit and returns the remaining quantity if not, otherwise it returns 0.
10135	Returns a filtered queryset of items where the user has a product from a category invoking the item's condition in one of their released carts.
10136	Return a queryset of items where the user has a product invoking that item's condition in one of their carts, excluding items in released carts that are not in paid or active carts.
10137	Return a filtered queryset of items within specified date ranges and not yet reaching stock limits.
10138	Returns all enabled items from a queryset for a user who is a presenter or copresenter of a non-cancelled proposal.
10139	Returns the items from conditions that are enabled by the user's membership in a Django Auth Group.
10140	Decorator that ensures a function raises a ValidationError if it could modify the cart, wraps it in a database transaction, and marks the boundaries of a cart operations batch.
10141	Returns the user's current cart, or creates a new cart if there isn't one ready yet.
10142	Updates the cart's reservation duration by calculating the time elapsed since the last update and considering the duration of any vouchers or the maximum reservation duration of items in the cart.
10143	Applies a voucher to a cart after validating it and ensuring it hasn't been applied before.
10144	Method for validating the status of the current cart in a commerce system.
10145	Attempts to fix easy errors from ValidationError by removing unavailable items and recalculating discounts/voucher codes.
10146	Calculates and applies all available discounts to the products in a cart, prioritizing higher-value discounts for higher-value products.
10147	Apply the best discounts on a product from a list of discounts, considering the product's category and price.
10148	Converts a report view function into a view that displays a Report.
10149	Returns the data rows for the table.
10150	Creates a form instance using request.GET and pre-validates it.
10151	Renders reports based on the data's content type.
10152	Display a list of all available reports with their names, URLs, and descriptions.
10153	Summarises the items sold and discounts granted for a given set of products, or products from categories.
10154	Summarises paid items and payments, including sales, credit notes, and their status.
10155	Shows the history of payments into the system.
10156	A function that generates a report displaying all the credit notes that have been refunded, including their ID, reference, and amount.
10157	Summarises the inventory status of the given items, grouping by invoice status.
10158	Summarises the usage of a given discount by grouping by cart status and generating a report.
10159	Generate a list report of product line items from paid invoices, including their details and statuses.
10160	Generates a report showing the number of paid invoices containing specified products or categories per day.
10161	Shows all credit notes in the system.
10162	Displays a report of all invoices in the system, ordered by status and ID, with options to view each invoice.
10163	Generates a list report of attendees including user ID, name, email, and registration status, sorted by registration status and user ID.
10164	Returns a report showing the registration status of speakers with a given proposal kind, including the number of paid carts each speaker has.
10165	Generates a registration manifest for users based on given product types and categories, categorizing their carts into paid, unpaid, and refunded items.
10166	Adds the categories that the user does not currently have.
10167	Calculates the sum of unclaimed credit from this user's credit notes.
10168	If the current user is unregistered, check if there are no products in the TICKET_PRODUCT_CATEGORY that are available to that user. If there are products available, return False. If the user is registered, return None.
10169	The `guided_registration` function manages the registration process in an ordered format, ensuring the user sees all valid categories, and returns the appropriate step in the registration process or a redirect.
10170	Edit an attendee's profile and display the profile form.
10171	Handles profile editing for a given request, returning a form instance and a boolean indicating if the form was successfully handled.
10172	Display a form for selecting products from a specific category, with handling for vouchers and form submissions.
10173	Handle a products list form in a request, return the form instance, applicable discounts, and whether the contents were handled.
10174	Handles a voucher form in the given request and returns the voucher form instance and whether the voucher code was successfully applied.
10175	Runs the checkout process for the current user's cart, optionally fixing errors and redirecting to the invoice or displaying errors if the checkout fails.
10176	Redirects to an invoice for the attendee that matches the given access code, using a tie-break mechanism to handle multiple invoices.
10177	Displays an invoice and ensures the current user can view it either by being authenticated, being staff, or using the correct access code.
10178	Allows staff to make manual payments or refunds on an invoice and renders the corresponding form.
10179	Marks an invoice as refunded and requests a credit note for the full amount paid against the invoice, redirecting to the invoice page upon success or displaying an error message on failure.
10180	Displays a credit note and processes forms for applying or refunding a credit note, if the request is a POST request.
10181	Allows staff to modify a user's registration cart by updating product quantities and applying vouchers.
10182	Extend a user's reservation by a specified number of days.
10183	Allow staff to send emails to users based on their invoice status.
10184	Displays a form to select users with badges to render or returns a .zip file containing their badges.
10185	Renders a single user's badge using a template.
10186	Returns a list of discounts available to the user for the given categories and products, filtered based on past use count and conditions.
10187	Annotates a queryset with a usage count for a discount clause by the given user.
10188	Return a list of products available to the user based on category and product filters, considering user limits and flag conditions.
10189	Applies a credit note to an invoice, updating the invoice status and handling overpayment.
10190	Generates an invoice with a cancellation fee and applies credit to it.
10191	Generate a 6-character access code consisting of uppercase letters and digits 1-9.
10192	Produces a callable to evaluate a function with specified arguments lazily in templates.
10193	Import a module from a string name and return a specified property from that module.
10194	Generates an invoice for a given cart, creating it if it doesn't exist and validating the cart if necessary.
10195	Generates an invoice for arbitrary items not held in a user's cart.
10196	Generates an invoice for a given shopping cart by creating line items for products and discounts, and then using these line items to generate the invoice.
10197	Applies user's credit notes to invoice if it's the only unpaid invoice for the user.
10198	Returns true if the accessing user is allowed to view this invoice based on user matching, staff status, or matching access code.
10199	Repeats a db call to refresh the invoice and cart objects.
10200	Raises a ValidationError if any of the conditions for paying an invoice are not met.
10201	Updates the status of an invoice based on total payments and generates credit notes if necessary.
10202	Mark the invoice as paid and update the attached cart if necessary.
10203	Special method for checking if an invoice matches the current cart revision.
10204	This function updates the validity of an invoice based on whether the attached cart is still valid and handles the refund or voiding of the invoice accordingly.
10205	Marks the invoice as void if it is valid to do so.
10206	Refunds an invoice by generating a CreditNote for the value of all payments, updating the invoice status, and marking the underlying cart as released.
10207	Sends out an e-mail notifying the user about something to do with that invoice.
10208	Update the object with new data by setting its attributes and generating annotations based on the provided fields and schemas.
10209	Reduces dicts of dicts to dot separated keys.
10210	Print file fields starting with 'output' and of type 'basic:file:' to standard output.
10211	Download a file and return a file handle if the field meets certain criteria.
10212	Return a list of Data objects for a given project slug or ObjectId.
10213	This interface returns a list of Processor objects based on the specified processor name or retrieves all processors if no name is provided.
10214	Print the input fields and types for a given processor.
10215	POST JSON data object to server.
10216	Upload files and data objects for a specified Genesis project using a given processor and input fields.
10217	Upload a single file to the platform in chunks of 1,024 bytes.
10218	Download files of data objects based on specified field.
10219	Gets a list of all subclasses of the given class, including subclasses of subclasses.
10220	Configures and returns the repository and project.
10221	Retrieves evidence and associated phenotypes (both current and suggested) for a list of variant IDs by querying the CIVIC API.
10222	Process a list of variant IDs to yield evidence and merged phenotypes after applying suggested changes.
10223	Searches the cache for variants matching provided genomic coordinates using a specified search mode.
10224	searches for variants matching a set of sorted genomic coordinates and yields matches based on specified search mode
10225	Updates the record based on the provided arguments and returns True if the record is complete after the update.
10226	Returns a unique list from the given sequence by removing duplicates.
10227	Connects to Github and Asana and authenticates via OAuth by saving API keys and tokens, initializing asana and github clients, and updating the oauth flag.
10228	Generator that yields the atoms of the expressions in prefix notation with operation end markers.
10229	Method to retrieve saved issue data from local storage.
10230	Moves an issue's data from one namespace to another.
10231	Method to retrieve task data from local data storage based on the task number.
10232	Retrieves a task from asana.
10233	Saves data to a file in JSON format.
10234	Applies a setting value to a key, if the value is not `None`, prompting and applying defaults as specified.
10235	Retry tasks with special cases, logging warnings and exceptions.
10236	Waits until the queue is empty by periodically checking and optionally executing a callback function.
10237	Creates a task with the specified parameters.
10238	Returns formatted task numbers with Asana links if project ID is available, otherwise returns task numbers without links.
10239	Create a missing task in Asana and related items.
10240	Return a sorted list of unique data types from the project data.
10241	Sends a string to the module level log with an optional priority level.
10242	Initiates serial port connection with specified parameters and logs initialization details.
10243	Set polling loop control values for maximum waits and wait sleep duration.
10244	Combine definitions from V3 and V4 meters into a single field list, excluding reserved and CRC fields.
10245	Render JSON records of meter readings since a given timestamp.
10246	Sets the context string for a serial command, logging if the string is too short or invalid.
10247	Calculates the legacy push PF value based on the input meter power factor reading.
10248	Set the maximum demand period for a device with an optional password and return True on successful completion with an ACK.
10249	Set the meter password using a serial command with verification and error handling.
10250	Parse and unpack data using struct.unpack with field definitions from a SerialBlock buffer.
10251	Move data from raw tuple into scaled and converted values.
10252	Translates a serial block into a JSON string representation.
10253	"This method reads data over a serial connection, calculates its CRC, and compares it to a received CRC; it logs errors and returns whether the CRCs match."
10254	Breaks out a date from Omnimeter read into a named tuple.
10255	Return the months tariff SerialBlock for meter based on the direction of reading
10256	This method sets the CT ratio for an inductive pickup and authenticates with a password.
10257	Assign a scheduled period to a meter buffer with specified hour, minute, and tariff, validating the input values and parameters before assignment.
10258	Set a season schedule for a meter and return a boolean value.
10259	Send a serial command to set the seasons table with the provided dictionary of schedules and optional password, and return True on completion and ACK.
10260	Set a single holiday date and month in the object buffer, checking for out-of-bounds values and incorrect indices.
10261	Serially reads schedule tariffs buffer and returns True on completion and ACK.
10262	Read a single schedule tariff from meter object buffer.
10263	Read month tariffs block into meter object buffer.
10264	Extracts the tariff for a single month from the meter object buffer and returns the total kWh and reverse kWh for each of the eight tariff periods.
10265	Reads holiday dates from a serial port and adds them to the meter object buffer.
10266	Reads a single holiday date from a meter buffer based on a given integer index, returning a tuple with the holiday name, month, and day as strings.
10267	Calls all reading methods related to meter settings and returns True if all subsequent serial calls completed with ACK.
10268	write command message Sets the command result string
10269	This method sends a password authentication command over a serial connection and returns True if the password is accepted.
10270	Fires the update method in all attached observers in the order they were added.
10271	Initializes a lookup table for LCD fields with string keys mapping to LCDItem enum values.
10272	Request data from both A and B, calculate fields, and update observers. Returns True on completion.
10273	Issue an A read on V4 meter and check CRC match at the end of the call.
10274	Issue a B read command on a V4 meter and verify the CRC match at the end of the call.
10275	Merge fields from two blocks, `m_blk_a` and `m_blk_b`, into a single request dictionary, `m_req`, while excluding fields containing "RESERVED" or "CRC".
10276	Calculate and update power factor and net calculated watts values for read buffer fields.
10277	Sets LCD display with a list of items and an optional password, handling initialization, item addition, and error logging.
10278	Set a relay with a specified duration, status, and optional password, and return True if successful and an ACK is received.
10279	Sends a termination string over a serial port and logs any exceptions.
10280	Call a method to set the pulse input ratio by writing a control message to a serial port.
10281	Set zero to resettable kWhregisters remotely using serial communication with password authentication.
10282	Sends a command to set the LCD on an EKM meter using a buffer, including authentication and error handling.
10283	Recursively iterate over all DictField sub-fields and yield the schema and fields.
10284	Recursively iterates over all schema sub-fields and yields each field with its path.
10285	Generate a specified number of random paragraphs, each containing a limited number of sentences, and return them as a single string or a list, with optional HTML wrapping.
10286	Generates a random text string of specified length or within a given range, with optional inclusion of lowercase letters, uppercase letters, digits, spaces, and punctuation.
10287	Return output for the combined time and result summary statistics.
10288	Returns ANSI-colored text.
10289	Writes the given text to the stream and immediately flushes the output.
10290	Return a summary of the test results including the number of examples, errors, and failures.
10291	Parse some command-line arguments for a script, with options to run or transform, and return the parsed arguments.
10292	Sets up the environment for an example run by configuring a formatter with optional verbosity and color, then creating an `ExampleResult` object and assigning it to relevant variables.
10293	Run tests according to the provided configuration.
10294	Run in transform mode and execute a runner script.
10295	Transforms a describe node into a ``TestCase`` by creating a class with the name "Test" concatenated with the capitalized `describes` parameter and a base class of `TestCase`.
10296	Transforms the body of an ``ExampleGroup`` by iterating through its nodes and applying a transformation to each example.
10297	Transform an example node into a test method.
10298	Replaces instances of `context_variable` with `self` in the given `body` by traversing the AST.
10299	A function that returns an argument list node for a method accepting only `self`.
10300	Register the path hook for the class.
10301	Transform the source code, parse it into an AST, apply a transformation, and then compile it into a code object.
10302	Parse command-line arguments using the provided argument parser and return the parsed arguments.
10303	Load a spec from either a file path or a fully qualified name.
10304	Load a specification from a given path or directory.
10305	Recursively yields the relative paths to each spec found within the given path.
10306	Function that constructs a directory monitoring function to check for file additions, removals, and content changes, calling appropriate receiver methods.
10307	A function that monitors a directory for new messages, processes them, and deletes them using a provided receiver object.
10308	Add a process with the given arguments and parameters.
10309	Remove a process from a Places instance by its logical name.
10310	Restart a process with a given name using a Places instance and add a restart message to it.
10311	Invoke the function specified in the 'func' attribute of the results dictionary on an instance of the Places class, passing the remaining attributes as keyword arguments.
10312	Constructs and returns a service that monitors processes based on directory contents, restarting them if files change or stopping them if files are removed, and listens for restart and restart-all messages.
10313	Return a service based on parsed command-line options, configuring process monitoring thresholds and restart delays.
10314	Refreshes or adds a node to the nodelist with the current timestamp.
10315	Removes all expired nodes from the nodelist, optionally checking a list of node_ids to ensure they haven't been refreshed prior to removing them.
10316	Removes a particular node from the nodelist using the given node_id or the current connection id if node_id is not provided.
10317	Returns the last updated time of a node as a unix timestamp, or None if it doesn't exist.
10318	Returns all nodes in the hash as a dictionary with node IDs and their last refreshed timestamps.
10319	Update the session for this node by removing expired nodes and refreshing the session.
10320	Increments the number of times this resource has been modified by all processes and sets an expiration time for the key.
10321	Dereferences a resource, decrementing the reference count and optionally executing a callback if it's the last reference.
10322	Returns a list of tokens interleaved with the delimiter.
10323	Return list of process names that need to be restarted
10324	Merging failure messages from another status into the current one, retaining the farthest progress and combined expected values if equally far.
10325	Query to test if a value exists and returns True if the value is not null, False otherwise
10326	Queries for a value by checking if it is a token and supporting an identifier, which is then used to create a Query with a Match and Return nodes.
10327	Produce a function that always returns a supplied value, discarding any arguments.
10328	Converts a function taking multiple arguments into a function that accepts a single iterable argument, passing each element of the iterable as an argument to the original function.
10329	Converts a function that takes a single iterable argument into a function that takes multiple arguments.
10330	Runs a process and returns a deferred that fires when the process is done, with options for timeout and graceful termination.
10331	Creates a scheduler service with options, sets its name and parent, and optionally adds a heartbeat.
10332	Consumes a reader with a parser and returns a Success if completely consumed or a Failure with an appropriate error message.
10333	Match a literal sequence and return a parser based on the context.
10334	Parser that optionally matches a given parser, returning a list with the value or an empty list if it fails.
10335	Parse a parser one or more times and return a list of values.
10336	Match a parser zero or more times repeatedly and return a list of values from each match, or an empty list if no matches.
10337	Match a parser one or more times separated by another parser, returning a list of the parser matches or failing if the parser doesn't match at all.
10338	Match a parser zero or more times, separated by another parser, and return a list of parser values.
10339	Checks and updates the states of processes based on changes in the location's children, and returns the list of processes that need to be checked.
10340	Raise ValueError if instance is already closed, cancel any calls, and mark instance as closed.
10341	Check the state of HTTP and perform validation.
10342	Adds a heart service to a master service collection if the heart service is not None.
10343	Wrap a service in a MultiService with a heart.
10344	Freezes and shrinks a TensorFlow graph based on a checkpoint and a list of output node names.
10345	Freeze and shrink the graph in a TensorFlow session based on specified output node names.
10346	Save a small version of the graph based on a session and the output node names.
10347	Save a small version of the graph based on a checkpoint and the output node names.
10348	Load a TensorFlow checkpoint and save the trainable weights to separate files in the specified output path.
10349	Return a TensorFlow saver from a checkpoint containing the metagraph.
10350	Parse the tag, instantiate the class.
10351	Raise a `NotImplementedError` indicating that the `render_tag()` method is not implemented.
10352	Validate the number of arguments passed to a template tag.
10353	Return the context data for the included template.
10354	Parse the "as var" syntax and create a new instance of the class with the parsed data.
10355	Returns the context data for an inclusion tag, including custom parameters if allowed.
10356	Converts a Caffe model to a TensorFlow session.
10357	Freezes and shrinks a graph based on a Caffe model, input tensors, and output node names.
10358	Save a small version of the graph based on a Caffe model, the input tensors, and the output node names.
10359	Convert a sequence into rows of a specified number of columns.
10360	A function that splits a sequence or string into chunks of specified size. The last chunk may be smaller than the specified size.
10361	Yield every other item from the iterable.
10362	Remove sequential duplicates from an iterable.
10363	An iterator that returns the next value and the remaining iterable.
10364	Generator yielding items from the iterable as long as the predicate returns True for the peeked item without consuming the non-matching item.
10365	Partition items into bins based on a given bin size.
10366	Return an iterable version of the given item, treating mappings as singletons.
10367	Calls each callable in callables, suppressing any exceptions specified. If no exceptions are specified, all exceptions are suppressed.
10368	Yield duplicate items from any number of iterables based on a specified key.
10369	Asserts that all items in the iterable are in order based on the provided comparison function and key.
10370	Swap the order of before and after if the item is None in the partition result.
10371	Given an ordered dictionary of items and a key, returns an ordered dictionary of items before, the keyed item, and an ordered dictionary of items after. If the key is not found, returns an ordered dictionary of all items and None for the keyed item and an empty iterable for the items after.
10372	Get the first n queues, creating them if necessary.
10373	Resets the iterator to the start, discarding any remaining values in the current iteration.
10374	Parse the remainder of the token to find an "as varname" statement, extracting the variable name if present.
10375	Decorator to register class tags with a template tag library and name.
10376	Traverse a chain of keys using a series of hexadecimal steps to derive a descendant public key.
10377	Get sqlite_master table information as a list of dictionaries.
10378	Yields each node of an object graph in postorder.
10379	Apply selector to obj, parse results, and return matching nodes or False on syntax error.
10380	Parse a selector and return matched nodes of self.obj.
10381	Generates a CSS selector based on a given token stream.
10382	Find nodes in rhs which have parents in lhs.
10383	Returns nodes from `rhs` that have ancestors in `lhs`.
10384	Find nodes in rhs that have common parents in lhs.
10385	Used to parse arguments and determine if a given node is the nth child based on specified criteria.
10386	Applies each validator in the provided list to each node in the given object and returns the nodes that match all validators.
10387	Sends ICMP echo requests to destination `dst` `count` times and returns a deferred which fires when responses are finished.
10388	Make an HTTP request and return the response body.
10389	Expire items in the cache older than `age` seconds
10390	Sets a key-value pair in the store with the current timestamp and persists the change.
10391	Returns key contents along with the modification time
10392	Return True if key `k` exists
10393	Test if a record timestamp fits the chain integrity based on its previous and next records and signatures.
10394	Create a 'NistBeaconValue' object from a JSON string representing a NIST randomness beacon value.
10395	Convert a string of XML representing a NIST Randomness Beacon value into a 'NistBeaconValue' object.
10396	Return a 'minified' version of the javascript content
10397	Parses log file lines and passes them to a function, handling rolling over and rotations.
10398	The function `get` retrieves a list of log lines since the last run, optionally limiting the number of lines to `max_lines`.
10399	Validate a secret link token and compare it with expected data.
10400	Returns the cryptographic engine
10401	Validate token using multiple compatible algorithms until a valid one is found.
10402	Create a secret link token with optional expiration time.
10403	Calculate the difference or wrap-around difference between two 32-bit counters `a` and `b`, divided by a time delta.
10404	Return the difference between two 64-bit counters `a` and `b`, divided by a time delta, with wrapping if `b` is less than `a`.
10405	Calculate and format an average duration safely
10406	Setting up output processors for TCP or UDP based on the configuration.
10407	Sets up source objects from the given config.
10408	Update event counters, aggregate events, set states if necessary, and route events.
10409	This method monitors sources and restarts those that have not generated events in a specified interval, provided they have a watchdog enabled in their configuration.
10410	This method parses a given format string to convert it into a regular expression and extract fields, raising an exception if the regular expression couldn't be compiled.
10411	Parses a single line from the log file and returns a dictionary of its contents, raising an exception if it couldn't be parsed.
10412	Validate that the date provided in the form is in the future and not more than one year from the current date.
10413	Raises a validation error if a form is rejected without a message in the specified field.
10414	Verifies a token from the request, saves it in the session if valid, and handles the case where the token key is missing.
10415	Return a basic meaningful name based on device type
10416	Do not warn on external images.
10417	Connect signals to their respective receiver functions.
10418	Create a secret link for a record with an optional message and expiration time.
10419	Send an email notification upon accepting an access request.
10420	Send email notifications for a confirmed access request.
10421	Send an email validation notification for a request.
10422	Send an email notification when a user's access request is rejected.
10423	Sends an email notification using a specified template and context variables.
10424	Create a new secret link with optional expiration and generate a token for it.
10425	Check if the provided secret link token is still valid and has not been revoked by querying the database if necessary.
10426	Revoke a secret link.
10427	Create a new access request with validation and confirmation.
10428	Return access request for a specific receiver.
10429	Confirms the sender's email is valid by setting the request status to pending and sending a confirmation signal.
10430	Accepts a request and updates its status to accepted, sending a signal upon successful acceptance.
10431	Rejects a request and updates its status to rejected.
10432	Create a secret link with various optional parameters.
10433	Given required properties from a NistBeaconValue, compute the SHA512Hash object for signature verification.
10434	Verify a given NIST message hash and signature for a beacon value, returning True if verification is correct.
10435	Returns True if the record is embargoed and the embargo date is greater than the current date.
10436	Create and handle an access request form for a record, creating a new access request if the form is valid.
10437	Confirms email address by validating token, checking request existence, and updating access request status.
10438	Creates and returns a generic endpoint connection that doesn't finish.
10439	Returns the reverse direction of ordering for a given column if it exists in the options and is selected, otherwise returns None.
10440	Getter method for the selected column, returning the column name with an optional '-' prefix if the order is descending.
10441	Orders queryset based on selected field and sorting direction.
10442	Reads a file and returns the version number found in a specific line.
10443	Attempts to set a new version for a file by reading its contents, modifying the line containing a specific magic string, and writing the changes back to the file. If any error occurs during the process, it prints the error message and returns."
10444	Initializes and configures SSH client options, including host settings, authentication methods, and connection verification, and caches the client for efficient reuse.
10445	Starts the timer for this source and connects to the SSH client if necessary.
10446	The `tick` method is called for every timer tick, calls `self.get` which can be a deferred, and passes the result back to the `queueBack` method. It returns a deferred and handles exceptions by logging an error message.
10447	List pending access requests and shared links, filter by query and order by specified field.
10448	Creates a TCP connection to Riemann with optional SSL encryption and automatic reconnection.
10449	Stops the client by stopping the thread, stopping the factory, and disconnecting the connector.
10450	Remove events from the queue, either all or up to a specified depth, and send them to the protocol, optionally filtering out events with None metrics.
10451	Receive a list of events and add them to the `events` queue if the queue is not oversized.
10452	Creates a UDP connection to Riemann using the server address and port specified in the configuration.
10453	Sets up HTTP connector for Elasticsearch and starts queue timer.
10454	Adapts an Event object to a Riemann protobuf event Event
10455	Encode a list of Tensor events with protobuf and return the serialized byte string.
10456	Decode a protobuf message into a list of Tensor events.
10457	Send a Tensor Event to Riemann by encoding the message and incrementing a pressure counter.
10458	Generate a preview for a URL with optional metadata, size, and output format.
10459	Retrieves and prints preview results for a given ID.
10460	Send a message dictionary through a queue, handle pickling errors by logging the offending keys and objects, and output a summary of the dictionary's contents.
10461	Loop through messages and execute tasks.
10462	Return True if it's time to log, i.e., if the hot loop is active and the time delta has reached or exceeded the log interval.
10463	Sends a response to a previously received challenge, encodes the payload using base64, and manages the state machine's transition based on the response.
10464	Abort an initiated SASL authentication process and set the state to failure.
10465	Performs the stringprep mapping step of SASLprep by modifying a list of Unicode characters in-place, replacing characters in Table C.1.2 with a space and removing characters in Table B.1.
10466	Parse and render the footer information based on the user's permissions.
10467	Builds the parameters needed to present the user with a datatrans payment form.
10468	Builds the parameters needed to present the user with a datatrans form to register a credit card, with an arbitrary currency and using the merchant's ID for security.
10469	Charges money using datatrans with a previously registered credit card alias.
10470	Return full version number, including rc, beta etc tags.
10471	Constructs the widget layout and components for file selection and management.
10472	Perform post-construction operations, including setting the window title, hiding the bookmarks widget, and configuring various widgets and their interactions.
10473	Adds keyboard shortcuts for navigating the filesystem.
10474	Handle activation of item in listing and update UI accordingly.
10475	Handles the selection of an item in a listing and updates the selected item's path.
10476	Handle selection of path segment and update location accordingly.
10477	Finalize options to be used for the resource file paths.
10478	Compiles resource files using pyside-rcc.
10479	Runs clean operations to remove specified resource and compiled resource paths.
10480	Returns new children if canFetchMore is True.
10481	Reload children by resetting them and enabling fetching.
10482	Return icon for the given index by accessing the source model and mapping the index.
10483	A function to run an external command in a separate process and detach it from the current process, with options for redirecting stdio and daemonizing.
10484	Returns the maximum file descriptor value, adjusting for infinity if necessary.
10485	Close a file descriptor if it is open, raising an error if closing fails for any reason other than the file descriptor already being closed.
10486	Close open file descriptors, excluding certain ones.
10487	Redirect a system stream to the provided target.
10488	Applies a given set of HTML attributes to each widget of a Django form.
10489	This interface is used to import a module from a given app by its name.
10490	Imports modules from registered apps using a given module name and returns them as a list.
10491	Allow dynamic template inclusion using variables and an optional fallback template, supporting Django 1.8+.
10492	Return Gravatar image URL for the given string or UserModel.
10493	Returns Gravatar image HTML tag for a given string or UserModel.
10494	Confirms if the provided path is an absolute directory and not a file, raising an error otherwise.
10495	Checks if the URL contains "s3" in the scheme, netloc, or path, raising an exception if not.
10496	Return a valid absolute path, resolving relative paths to the current working directory.
10497	Get a list of keys for a given S3 folder, optionally returning full key data.
10498	Build a workflow definition from the cloud_harness task and add input/output ports and save data locations.
10499	Executes the cloud_harness task and handles API responses.
10500	Move an active project to the archive.
10501	Creates a directory and its parent directories if they do not exist.
10502	List files in an archive directory based on the provided patterns.
10503	Restore a project from the archive.
10504	Create new storage service client using access token and environment.
10505	List entities found directly under a given path and return their names.
10506	Download a file from a storage service to the local disk, handling permissions and errors.
10507	This function checks if a specified path exists in a storage service, returning `True` if it does and `False` otherwise.
10508	Get the parent entity of the entity pointed by the given path.
10509	Create a folder at the specified path in a storage service, validating arguments and handling potential exceptions.
10510	Uploads a local file to a storage service destination folder and returns the UUID of the created file entity.
10511	Delete an entity from the storage service using its path and handle different exceptions accordingly.
10512	Checks that a given path is a valid storage path
10513	Creates a new cross-service client.
10514	Create a new storage service REST client using the provided access token and environment.
10515	Retrieves and returns the details of a specific entity based on its UUID, handling various exceptions if the entity is not found or if there is an error in the request.
10516	Set metadata for an entity with the given type, ID, and metadata dictionary, and return the updated metadata as a dictionary.
10517	Get metadata for a specified entity type and ID, returning a dictionary of metadata values or raising an exception if the entity ID is invalid or if an error occurs.
10518	Updates the metadata of an entity, raising errors for invalid arguments or other server response codes.
10519	Delete selected metadata entries of an entity based on the provided entity type, entity ID, and metadata keys.
10520	This function retrieves a list of projects the user has access to, allowing for filtering by HPC status, access level, name, and collaboration ID, and supports pagination and sorting.
10521	Gets information on a given project using its UUID.
10522	Create a new project in a specified collaboration.
10523	Delete a project and recursively delete all its content, raising exceptions if invalid arguments or a forbidden action is attempted.
10524	Create a new folder with a given name and parent UUID.
10525	Retrieve information on a given folder using its UUID and return a dictionary of folder details.
10526	Delete a folder and recursively delete all its contents.
10527	This function uploads file content to a server, verifying against an ETag if provided and handling various exceptions that may occur.
10528	Copy file content from the source file to the target file specified by UUIDs.
10529	Download file content based on file_id and ETag, and handle different server responses.
10530	This interface is used to generate a signed URL for downloading a file without authentication, which expires after 5 seconds.
10531	Helper method for logging and inserting messages into a MongoDB collection
10532	Sets the service name and version the request should target and returns the request builder instance for chaining calls.
10533	Adds headers to the request and returns the request builder instance for chaining calls.
10534	Adds parameters to the request params and returns the request builder instance for chaining calls.
10535	Defines the behavior for throwing an exception based on a predicate after a request is sent.
10536	Return a sequence of field names to be displayed on the changelist.
10537	Divides a list of inputs into partitions, spawns child jobs to process each partition.
10538	Runs GenotypeGVCFs on one or more gVCFs generated by HaplotypeCaller and returns the VCF Output
10539	Uses Oncotator to add cancer relevant variant annotations to a VCF file, generating an annotated VCF file.
10540	Sorting the list by the "t" key of each dictionary element by default.
10541	Returns a list of timestamps from the datapoints, where each timestamp is in python datetime's date format.
10542	Adds the data from a ConnectorDB export folder, handling stream, device, and user exports.
10543	Shifts all timestamps in the datapoint array by the given number of seconds.
10544	Returns the sum of the "d" portion of all datapoints within.
10545	Start the event loop to collect data from the serial device.
10546	Create a new user by prompting for a password and adding the user to the database, which is then committed.
10547	Parse Visual Novel search pages and extract names and IDs into a list of dictionaries.
10548	Parses a BeautifulSoup object containing release search pages and returns a list of dictionaries with release details.
10549	Parses an HTML page containing producer or staff results and returns a list of dictionaries, each containing a name and nationality.
10550	Parses a page of character results and returns a list of dictionaries containing a name, gender, and list of game name/id pairs.
10551	Parses an HTML table row and returns a list of tag names.
10552	Parses a page of user results and returns a list of dictionaries containing each user's name and join date.
10553	Create a tarball from a group of file paths
10554	Moves a set of files to an output directory.
10555	Copy a file from a job to an output directory.
10556	Constructs a Spark-submit style command line from the given arguments.
10557	Adjusts a list of "docker run" arguments to include the necessary host mapping from the notional Spark master to the actual one.
10558	Refreshes the data from the server by reloading the object's metadata and raises an error if the operation fails.
10559	Calls MuTect to perform variant analysis using the provided input files and returns the output as a tarball FileStoreID.
10560	It creates a device with optional public status and additional properties.
10561	Method to retrieve and process a list of streams associated with a device, returning them as a list of stream objects.
10562	Writes the device's info and all individual streams to the given directory.
10563	Search vndb.org for a term and return matching results from the specified type.
10564	Dispatches parsing based on the search type category.
10565	Adds a stream to the query construction and optionally specifies an interpolator, column name, and other parameters.
10566	Invalidates the device's current API key, generates a new one, updates the authentication, and returns the new API key.
10567	Returns the list of users in the database.
10568	Generate BWA index files for a reference genome.
10569	Returns the ConnectorDB object used by the logger, initializing it if necessary and raising an error if connection fails.
10570	Adds a stream to the logger with an optional schema and additional properties.
10571	Adds a stream to the logger without checking the ConnectorDB database for its existence.
10572	Inserts a datapoint into a specified stream in the logger, validates the schema, and caches the data for synchronization with ConnectorDB.
10573	Attempts to sync with a ConnectorDB server by pinging the database, processing data points, and updating the cache.
10574	Starts the logger background synchronization service to ensure data is automatically synced periodically.
10575	Stops the background synchronization thread.
10576	Download a URL and save it to the file system as a job.
10577	Job version of uploading a file to S3, using a temporary local directory for the file storage.
10578	Write label names to a file
10579	Output the parent-child relations to a given file.
10580	Calculates the mean insert size from a BAM file using a Docker container and filters out values less than 10,000.
10581	Get the container ID of the current Docker container or raise an exception if not running inside a container.
10582	Runs alignment of fastqs to bam via STAR and returns the FileStoreID from RSEM.
10583	Creates a stream given an optional JSON schema encoded as a python dict.
10584	Exports the stream to the given directory and writes the stream's info, data, and downlink data (if applicable) to JSON files.
10585	Splits the path and returns a Device object with the first two parts of the path and the associated database.
10586	An operator that iterates over the labels of terms in a given ontology.
10587	Iterates over the parent-child relationships in an ontology using an OLS client.
10588	Prepares and runs a pipeline by parsing arguments, configuring, and executing a command, handling cleanup and permission changes.
10589	Populates an ArgumentParser object with arguments from a given configuration dictionary.
10590	Returns the contents of a generated config file as a string and deletes the file afterwards.
10591	Returns the path of the mount point of the current container, ensuring it is mounted correctly and handling errors if invoked outside a Docker container or if the Docker daemon is unreachable.
10592	Add an argument to the given arg_parser with the given name.
10593	Return an ArgumentParser object with 'no clean', 'cores', and 'restart' arguments for a workflow.
10594	Creates and returns a list representing a command for running a pipeline with specified arguments and configurations.
10595	sets the authentication header for use in the session.
10596	Handles HTTP error codes for the given request and raises appropriate exceptions for specific error statuses.
10597	Method to ping the server using current credentials and return the path of the authenticated device.
10598	Send a POST CRUD API request to the specified path with the given data.
10599	Send an update request to the given path of the CRUD API with the given data, which will be converted to JSON.
10600	Send a delete request to a given path in a CRUD API, attempting to delete the associated object.
10601	Method to subscribe to a stream with a callback and optional transformation.
10602	Creates a user with the given email and password, optionally setting additional properties and initializing devices and streams.
10603	Method for retrieving and processing a list of devices belonging to the user.
10604	Adapter trimming for RNA-seq data using CutAdapt tool.
10605	Uses SAMtools to create a reference index file and returns its FileStoreID.
10606	Runs SAMtools index to create a BAM index file and returns the FileStoreID for the index file.
10607	Marks reads as PCR duplicates using Sambamba and returns the FileStoreID for the sorted BAM file.
10608	Marks reads as PCR duplicates using SAMBLASTER and returns the FileStoreID for the deduped SAM file.
10609	Runs Picard MarkDuplicates on a BAM file and returns the FileStoreIDs for the output BAM and BAI files.
10610	Sorts a BAM file using Picard SortSam, either by read name or coordinate, and returns the FileStoreID for the sorted BAM file.
10611	Creates a recalibration table for Base Quality Score Recalibration using the GATK tool with specified parameters and inputs.
10612	Performs RNA quantification via Kallisto using Toil as the workflow engine, taking input FASTQ files and a Kallisto index file, and producing a tarball of quantification output files.
10613	Perform RNA quantification with RSEM using a transcriptome BAM file and an RSEM reference.
10614	Prepare test set for C++ SAR prediction code by finding all items seen by test users and joining with training data.
10615	Send a command through the websocket.
10616	Sets up a subscription to a stream with a given callback and optional transform.
10617	Attempts to connect to a websocket and returns True if successful, False otherwise
10618	Re-attempt a connection to the server after a set period of time, with randomness added to the retry interval to avoid overwhelming the server.
10619	Resend subscription commands for all existing subscriptions to resume a connection that was closed.
10620	Called when the websocket is opened, handles the connection success by adjusting the reconnect time, updating the status, logging the event, ensuring a ping, recording the connected time, and releasing a lock.
10621	The method is called when the websocket is closed and handles the disconnection process by turning off the ping timer, recording the disconnected time, and attempting to reconnect if necessary.
10622	Handle WebSocket errors by logging them and changing the connection status accordingly.
10623	This function handles incoming messages from a server, processes them, and invokes subscribed functions based on the message content.
10624	Ensure that a WebSocket connection is maintained by checking for ping messages and reconnecting if the connection is lost.
10625	Isolates a particular variant type from a VCF file using GATK SelectVariants and returns the filtered VCF.
10626	Filters a VCF file using GATK VariantFiltration and removes extra quotation marks from the VCF header.
10627	Runs GATK VariantRecalibrator to recalibrate variant quality scores for either SNP or INDELs, based on specified annotations and resources.
10628	Applies variant quality score recalibration to a VCF file using GATK ApplyRecalibration based on provided parameters.
10629	Calls GATK CombineVariants to merge VCF files based on sample identifiers and specified merge option.
10630	Perform a quick validation check on a BAM file using `samtools quickcheck` within a Docker container.
10631	Load and import packet type and handler based on the provided dictionary mapping.
10632	Helper to write the JSON configuration to a file using a specified path and sorting keys.
10633	Gets the configuration for a project from a default JSON file, or creates and writes one if it doesn't exist.
10634	Fetches data for a given term from an ontology using its IRI and returns the data in JSON format.
10635	Searches the OLS with the given term and query fields, returning the results in JSON format.
10636	Suggest terms from an optional list of ontologies using the OLS API.
10637	This function iterates over the descendants of a given term in an ontology.
10638	This function iterates over labels for the descendants of a given term in an ontology.
10639	This function iterates over the labels of terms in a given ontology, yielding each label one at a time.
10640	Iterates over parent-child relations in an ontology, yielding term labels and their child term labels.
10641	Runs FastQC on input reads and returns the FileStoreID of the FastQC output tarball.
10642	Adds the given stream to the query construction.
10643	Create a configured Flask application.
10644	Starts Spark and HDFS master containers by using dockerCheckOutput function.
10645	Starts Spark and HDFS worker containers, with retries for HDFS startup if it fails.
10646	Launches the Hadoop datanode using the specified Docker image and parameters.
10647	Stop spark and hdfs worker containers.
10648	Checks if Spark worker and HDFS datanode are running by fetching their container statuses.
10649	Tokenize text from a file or StringIO object.
10650	Look up a zone ID for a given zone string using Route53 API and raise an exception if the zone is not found.
10651	Fetches all pieces of a Route 53 config from Amazon using a loop that continues until all data has been retrieved, appending each piece to a list of ElementTrees.
10652	Merge a set of fetched Route 53 config XML elements into a canonical form.
10653	Validate a changeset for compatibility with Amazon's API spec by checking the number of changes, resource records, and value character count.
10654	Orders population members from highest fitness to lowest fitness
10655	Calculate and return the average fitness score of members in a population, or None if the population is empty.
10656	Calculate the average cost function return value for all members.
10657	Calculate and return the median cost function value for all members, with handling for no members or multiple processes.
10658	Get the average values of population parameters based on member parameters.
10659	This method returns a list of Member objects from a population, potentially using multiprocessing.
10660	Adds a parameter to the Population with a given name, minimum value, and maximum value
10661	Generates the next population from a previously evaluated generation using the specified mutation rate and maximum mutation amount.
10662	Normalize keys in a configuration dictionary.
10663	Return a generator with all environmental variables that have the prefix "PIP_".
10664	Check if a callable raises any of the specified exceptions.
10665	This function takes a list of package hits from PyPI and returns a list of packages with their associated versions, scores and summaries, sorted by score.
10666	Convert the result back into the input type.
10667	Converts HTML tags to XHTML by moving them to the XHTML namespace.
10668	Convert XHTML tags to HTML by removing their XHTML namespace.
10669	Return an HTML string representation of the document.
10670	Opens an HTML document in a web browser by saving it to a temporary file and printing the URL to open it.
10671	Removes this element from the tree, including its children and text, joining the tail text to the previous element or parent.
10672	Removes the current element from the tree, merging its text and children into its parent.
10673	Returns the first element with the given id in a document, or a default value if none is found.
10674	Run the CSS expression on an element and its children, returning a list of results.
10675	Iterates through the attributes of every logger's handler and yields a generator of tuples containing the logger name, handler, member name, and member value.
10676	returns test counts based on environment variables set by pyt
10677	Returns True if only a single class or tests within a single class are being run.
10678	Returns True if only a module is being run.
10679	Checks if the 'params' key in the request dictionary contains a list or dictionary and raises an assertion error if it does not.
10680	Validate that the request contains a valid identifier, which can be a string, integer, or None.
10681	Ensure that the given path is decoded using the filesystem encoding or UTF-8, returning `None` if neither encoding works.
10682	Escape string values in an iterable using a specified escape function.
10683	Return the Python codec name corresponding to an encoding or None if the string doesn't correspond to a valid encoding.
10684	Attempts to detect a Byte Order Mark (BOM) at the start of a stream and returns the corresponding encoding name if found, otherwise returns None.
10685	Selects the new remote address from the given list of IPs in X-Forwarded-For, defaulting to the one provided by the `num_proxies` proxy server.
10686	Converts an amount value of various types into a Decimal.
10687	Parse a string of HTML data into an Element tree using the BeautifulSoup parser.
10688	Parse a file into an ElemenTree using the BeautifulSoup parser.
10689	Converts a BeautifulSoup tree to a list of Element trees, returning a list instead of a single root Element to support HTML-like soup with multiple roots, and allows custom Element factory through the `makeelement` keyword.
10690	Get the current exception info as a `Traceback` object, optionally ignoring system exceptions and showing hidden frames.
10691	Generate a string representation of the exception, formatted and decoded appropriately.
10692	Renders a traceback for the interactive console.
10693	Likewise, this method yields a plaintext traceback as a generator, similar to the plaintext attribute.
10694	Returns a list of Line objects with extra information, including marking function definition lines and the current line.
10695	Render the source code by joining the rendered lines of annotated lines with a newline character.
10696	Parse the version part out of a string related to an egg's info.
10697	Returns the locations of a project found via the list of index URLs, ensuring compatibility with easy_install and normalizing the project name.
10698	Find all available versions for a given project name by checking index URLs, find_links, and dependency_links.
10699	Try to find the best fitting InstallationCandidate for a given requirement, considering existing installations and version constraints.
10700	Sorts links into non-egg and egg fragments, removing duplicates.
10701	Returns the Content-Type of the given URL using a HEAD request.
10702	Yields all links in the page, cleaning href URLs and determining internal status based on API version 2+.
10703	Determine whether a link can be verified based on its source, API version, and hash.
10704	Return filenames for package's data files in 'src_dir'.
10705	Filter filenames for package's data files in 'src_dir', excluding those that match any patterns in self.exclude_package_data.
10706	Factory that yields InstallRequirement instances from a requirements file.
10707	Generator yields the result of joining lines that end with '\' with the preceding line.
10708	An iterator that strips and filters empty or commented lines.
10709	Compile a marker into a function that can be evaluated with an environment dict.
10710	Ensure statement only contains allowed nodes.
10711	Flattens one level of attribute access by combining the value and attribute into a single name.
10712	Coerce a value to a float or int if possible, otherwise return the original value.
10713	A helper function that decorates a function to retain the current request context, making it available to the function even when called in a different greenlet.
10714	Binds the app context to the current context.
10715	Remove the current app context and execute teardown functions if an exception is provided.
10716	Return a new request context that is a copy of the current one with the same request object.
10717	Can be overridden by a subclass to hook into the matching of the request.
10718	Binds the request context to the current context, handling preservation and application context management.
10719	Converts an absolute file path to a relative path based on a given comparison path.
10720	Determine if a distribution is an editable install.
10721	Registers a function as a URL value preprocessor for the blueprint, modifying URL values before view functions are called.
10722	Callback function for URL defaults for a blueprint, appending the function to the app's URL default functions dictionary.
10723	Registers an error handler specific to a blueprint in Flask.
10724	A function that wraps a generator or function to keep the request context around for longer when streaming a response.
10725	Generates a response object to attach additional headers to it.
10726	Generates a URL to the given endpoint with the method provided, handling query arguments and external references.
10727	Safely joins a directory and a filename, ensuring the resulting path is within the specified directory and does not contain any dangerous sequences like absolute paths or '..'.
10728	Returns the path to a package or the current working directory if the package cannot be found.
10729	Return a Jinja2 loader for the filesystem directory accessible via `self.template_folder`.
10730	Prints the completion code of the given shell or displays an error if the shell is not supported.
10731	Return the cookie domain for the session cookie if session cookies are used.
10732	Return a directory to store cached wheels based on the link's URL and hash, nested to prevent too many top-level directories.
10733	Function to determine if a wheel's extracted contents should be placed in the purelib directory based on the presence of a "root-is-purelib: true" entry in the WHEEL file.
10734	Yield all the uninstallation paths for dist, including the .pyc files.
10735	Raises errors or warns if called with an incompatible Wheel-Version.
10736	Builds a wheel for a given requirement and stores it in the specified output directory.
10737	Yield names and strings used by `code` and its nested code objects
10738	For use as a decorator for Backend methods that ensures rates are refreshed if they are older than 5 minutes.
10739	Add paths for egg-info files for an external egg-base.
10740	Write a delmarker file for pip in a given directory.
10741	check if the current python script is running under a virtual environment
10742	Retrieve the effective username of the current process based on the operating system.
10743	Generate a distutils installation scheme based on the given parameters.
10744	Parse the cache control headers and return a dictionary with values for the different directives.
10745	Checks if a response exists in the cache and is fresh enough based on the cache control header, returns the cached response if it is, otherwise returns False.
10746	Cache the HTTP response if it meets certain conditions based on cache control headers and status code.
10747	Update the zipimporter cache data for a given normalized path, optionally applying an updater function to each cache entry.
10748	This function loads a template script from a package resource and returns its content as a UTF-8 string, with an optional development version suffix if a development path is specified.
10749	Ensure there's a site.py in the target directory, checking if it exists, and if not, creating it from a template, then byte-compiling it.
10750	Write changed .pth file back to disk.
10751	Converts values to an appropriate type, handling dictionaries, lists, tuples, and strings.
10752	Add filters to a filterer from a list of names.
10753	Configures a logging handler from a dictionary of configuration options.
10754	Add handlers to a logger from a list of names.
10755	Configures a logger with common settings such as setting the level, removing existing handlers, adding new handlers, and filters.
10756	Execute a Python script file in the specified global and local namespace.
10757	Monkey-patch tempfile.tempdir with a replacement directory, ensuring it exists and restoring the original temporary directory afterwards.
10758	Prefixes stub URLs like 'user@hostname:user/repo.git' with 'ssh://'.
10759	Attempts to retrieve an item or attribute from an object, preferring to access the item first.
10760	Hook method for overriding the internal generate method with a custom implementation.
10761	Compiles Jinja2 templates and stores them in a specified target directory or ZIP file.
10762	Determine the default cache location by checking the ``PYTHON_EGG_CACHE`` environment variable, and falling back to a platform-specific directory if not set.
10763	Generator that finds eggs in zip files, including nested eggs, and yields distribution objects.
10764	Find distributions accessible on a sys.path directory.
10765	Declare that a package is a namespace package.
10766	Get the method resolution order (MRO) for a given class.
10767	Return an adapter factory for an object from a registry based on its class type.
10768	Ensure that the parent directory of `path` exists.
10769	Iterate over entry points in a given group (and optionally by name), yielding each matching entry point.
10770	Is distribution `dist` acceptable for this environment?
10771	Find distribution best matching `req` and usable on `working_set`
10772	Evaluates a PEP 426 environment marker and returns a boolean indicating the marker result in the current environment, raising a SyntaxError if the marker is invalid.
10773	Evaluate a PEP 426 environment marker using markerlib and return a boolean indicating the marker result in this environment.
10774	Returns a formatted log message with indentation based on the current indentation level.
10775	Return formatted currency value.
10776	Parse and valid character patterns for number formats.
10777	Return the minimal quantum of a number, as defined by its precision.
10778	Retrieves the maximum precision of a decimal number's fractional part.
10779	Returns the value, exponent, and exponent sign symbol of the given numeric value formatted in scientific notation according to the specified locale.
10780	Convert a timedelta to seconds in Python 2.6 compatibility mode
10781	Parse a string containing requirements and yield ``Requirement`` objects for each specification
10782	A class method that ensures a class is not re-patched if it has already been patched by another module, and raises an assertion error if the class is not derived from distutils.
10783	Verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list.
10784	Fetch an egg needed for building.
10785	Roll n-sided dice and print each result and the total.
10786	Ensure that string prices are converted into Price objects.
10787	Create an `attrs.ib` field for the `price` attribute with a default value of 'USD 0.00' and a converter function of `price_converter`, and ensure that the validator ensures the value is an instance of `PriceClass`.
10788	Validate a JSON-RPC request by checking its version, method, parameters, and ID, and raise an error if any of these checks fail.
10789	Helper to retrieve the request method for a service application.
10790	Applies a method with given parameters and handles any exceptions by calling `server_error`.
10791	Deprecated function to get the name of the current module, suggests using blueprints instead.
10792	Returns the name of the current blueprint by extracting the substring before the last occurrence of the period in the endpoint of the URL rule.
10793	Monkeypatches a Flask request to raise a custom error when accessing the `files` object for multipart form data without files.
10794	Create a concrete DistAbstraction object based on the type of the given req_to_install object.
10795	Adds an installation requirement to the set and returns additional requirements to scan if applicable.
10796	Call handler for all pending requirements, extending the list of requirements with any additional requirements returned by the handler.
10797	Checks if a requirement should be skipped based on whether it is already installed and the user's options.
10798	Topological installation order determined by dependencies.
10799	Return sorted list of all package namespaces.
10800	Converts QuerySet objects to their list counter-parts.
10801	Tokenize a document and add an annotation attribute to each token.
10802	Merge the annotations from tokens_old into tokens_new when tokens in the new document exist in the old document.
10803	Copy the annotations from tokens in src to corresponding tokens in dest.
10804	Combines adjacent tokens with the same annotation when there is no HTML between them.
10805	Serialize a list of tokens into a list of text chunks with annotations.
10806	Given a list of tokens, returns a generator of the chunks of text for the data in the tokens.
10807	locate_unbalanced_end handles unbalanced end tags by moving backwards in the document and adjusting pre_delete and post_delete lists to balance the tags.
10808	This function takes a list of chunks and produces a list of tokens by processing each chunk and handling different types of tags.
10809	Flatten an lxml element into text chunks, including tags and text content.
10810	Given some text, this function returns a list of words, including trailing whitespace when appropriate.
10811	Build a string representing the start tag of an XML/HTML element.
10812	Generate the text representation of an end tag for a tag, including trailing whitespace when appropriate.
10813	Serializes a single lxml element as HTML, optionally skipping the outermost tag.
10814	Fixes up "ins" and "del" tags in an lxml document by moving them inside block-level tags and removing the original tags.
10815	extract the constant value of 'symbol' from 'code'
10816	Returns a simplified URL for caching a query.
10817	Turns any URLs into links within an HTML element, avoiding certain elements and hosts.
10818	Removes any HTML comments that could be conditional in Internet Explorer.
10819	Parse a whole HTML document into a string.
10820	Define an API decorator to validate return values based on HTTP status codes and JSON content.
10821	Gets a TreeWalker class for various types of tree with built-in support.
10822	Export the SVN repository at the specified URL to the given destination location.
10823	Returns the maximum revision for all files under a given location
10824	Wraps a method to perform a debug check if the first request has already been handled.
10825	Get the name of the application, typically the import name or derived from the run file if it's "__main__".
10826	Returns the value of the `PROPAGATE_EXCEPTIONS` configuration value, or a sensible default if not set.
10827	Method tries to locate the instance path by calculating the path to a folder named "instance" next to the main file or package, if it was not provided to the constructor.
10828	Update the template context with commonly used variables, including context processors.
10829	Handles an HTTP exception by invoking the registered error handlers or returning the exception as a response.
10830	Checks whether an HTTP exception should be trapped based on the application's configuration settings.
10831	Handles exceptions by re-raising them if in debug mode, logging them, and using a handler for a 500 internal server error if available.
10832	Reraise routing exceptions, unless in debug mode for certain request methods, in which case raise a different error for debugging.
10833	Dispatches the request and performs request pre and postprocessing, including exception catching and error handling.
10834	Return the Default OPTIONS response.
10835	Creates a URL adapter for a given request or application context.
10836	Injects the URL defaults for the given endpoint into the values dictionary.
10837	Yields unique values in iterable, preserving order.
10838	Place the runtime requirements from pkg_info into metadata.
10839	Compose the version predicates for requirement in PEP 345 fashion.
10840	Convert an . egg-info directory containing a PKG-INFO file to the Metadata 1.3 format.
10841	Import modules that match module_name and handle exceptions.
10842	A generator function that yields TestCase classes based on a partial class name in the given modules.
10843	Utility method to retrieve the actual test methods that match the specified criteria
10844	Checks if a name combined with specified prefixes or postfixes is found in a list of basenames and returns the matching basename.
10845	Return True if the given path is a test module path.
10846	Pass in the directory to walk and return a generator with all subdirectories and files excluding hidden and system directories.
10847	Given a base directory, yield all test module paths recursively found in the base directory that are test modules.
10848	Modifies the input `kwargs` dictionary by setting default values for `cls` and `sort_keys` based on the current application configuration, or default values if no application is active.
10849	Sets default arguments for load functions.
10850	Sets multiple keys and values from a mapping, returning whether all keys have been set.
10851	Increment the value of a key by a given delta, initializing the key with the delta if it doesn't exist, and return the new value.
10852	Dumps an object into a string for redis, serializing integers as regular strings and using pickle for other types.
10853	Generates a dictionary of query string parameters from a given editable URL.
10854	Ensures that if a link can be found for this, that it is found.
10855	Ensures a source directory is set by creating a temporary build directory if the requirement's name is unknown.
10856	Remove temporary source files from the requirement if marked for deletion
10857	Return a pkg_resources.Distribution built from self.egg_info_path
10858	This method reads the buffered incoming data from the client into a bytestring, optionally caching it, parsing form data, decoding it to a unicode string if requested, and returns the result.
10859	Modifies and returns a copy of the response headers for the given WSGI environment.
10860	Converts a unicode-based IRI to an acceptable ASCII URI.
10861	Return the full path to the user-specific cache directory for a given application.
10862	Return the full path to the user-specific data directory for the given application.
10863	Return the full path to the user-specific log directory for a given application, following platform-specific conventions.
10864	Return the full path to the user-specific config directory for the specified application, following platform-specific conventions.
10865	Return a list of potential user-shared config directories for a given application based on the operating system.
10866	Iterate over all relevant Python files in loaded modules and their folders.
10867	Spawn a new Python interpreter with the same arguments as the current one, but running the reloader thread, in a loop until a non-zero exit code different from 3 is obtained.
10868	Converts input to text type, returns empty string if None and blank_if_none is True
10869	Given an existing CA bundle, this function returns the path to the bundle; otherwise return None.
10870	Parse a string or file-like object into a tree using a specified tree builder and parser configuration.
10871	Parse a HTML document from a stream into a well-formed tree structure, optionally specifying an encoding to override any declarations or BOMs.
10872	Parse a HTML fragment into a well-formed tree fragment.
10873	Return a list of probable matches for a given word.
10874	This function reads lines from a file, converts each line to a token, removes duplicates, and returns a list of tokens and a dictionary of tokens.
10875	Binds and activates an HTTP server.
10876	Report startup info to stdout.
10877	Loads bytecode from a file or file-like object, verifying the magic header and checksum before deserializing the code with marshal.
10878	Return a copy of paramsDict, updated with non-None kwargsDict entries wrapped as stylesheet parameters.
10879	Run a subprocess command and handle errors.
10880	Return the implementation version of the Python interpreter.
10881	Finding distribution objects based on basename and location, handling different file extensions and extractors.
10882	Find and yield URLs for homepage and download rel attributes in a given page, relative to a base URL.
10883	Reads a local path, with special support for directories, returning the contents as HTTP response.
10884	The `process_url` method evaluates a URL as a potential download, retrieves it if not already fetched or if `retrieve` is `True`, and processes any HREF links found within the page.
10885	Remove duplicate entries from sys.path and make them absolute
10886	Return a set containing all existing directory entries from sys.path
10887	Modifies `sys.path` and updates `known_paths` with new package directories found in the given site directory.
10888	Adds a directory to sys.path and handles .pth files within it.
10889	Check if the user site directory is safe for inclusion by verifying the absence of the command line flag and equality of process and effective user/gid.
10890	Adds a per-user site-packages directory to sys.path if it exists and ENABLE_USER_SITE is True.
10891	Define new built-ins 'quit' and 'exit' that display a hint on how to exit and raise SystemExit when called.
10892	Modify default codecs on Windows to use 'mbcs' encoding.
10893	Sets the string encoding used by the Unicode implementation. The default is 'ascii', but it can be changed based on locale or other conditions.
10894	Adjusts the order of package paths in `sys.path` to prioritize global eggs installed via easy_install when using a virtual environment.
10895	Adjust the special classpath sys.path entries for Jython, moving Jython-specific entries to the end of the list.
10896	Open a subprocess without blocking and return a process handle with output streams replaced by queues of lines.
10897	Return True if Cython or Pyrex can be imported.
10898	Replace sources with .pyx extensions to sources with the target language extension.
10899	Run the application and conserve the traceback frames in case of exceptions, then yield the traceback for debugging.
10900	Method for retrieving and serving a static resource from a shared folder with appropriate MIME type and error handling.
10901	Generates a string representing the user agent with details about the installer, Python version, implementation, and system information.
10902	Returns true if the name looks like a URL.
10903	Unpacks a file from a URL into a specified location, optionally downloading it to a designated directory if provided.
10904	Download a file from a given URL using a provided session and save it to a temporary directory, handling the content type and filename based on the response headers.
10905	Checks if a file with the correct hash already exists in the specified download directory and returns its path if it does, otherwise returns None.
10906	Register currency format for the given code and symbol.
10907	Handle exchange subdirectives for the given context, component, backend, base, and name.
10908	Decodes the input data, flushes the decoder if specified, and handles decoding errors.
10909	Default template context processor injects `request`, `session` and `g` into the template context.
10910	The function `\(_render\)` renders the given `template` with the provided `context` and then fires a `template_rendered` signal with the `app`, `template`, and `context`.
10911	Renders a template with the given context.
10912	A method that renders a template from a given source string using the provided context.
10913	Parse and return a version number using `pkg_resources` if available, otherwise use `distutils.version.LooseVersion`.
10914	Check if a name is declared in the current scope or any outer scope.
10915	Process a variable node by categorizing it as locally declared, a function parameter, or undeclared.
10916	Handles template includes, including wrapping in a try-except block if ignore_missing is True, and rendering the template with or without context.
10917	Visit named imports and process them accordingly.
10918	Create a whl file from all the files under 'base_dir' and place '.dist-info' at the end of the archive.
10919	Decorate a function with a reentrant lock to prevent multiple threads from calling it simultaneously.
10920	Creates a service and starts a server with the given application, host, port, and provider class.
10921	Converts and URL escapes a string or object to a URL safe format using the given charset.
10922	Returns a list of wheels that match a given requirement.
10923	Populates a requirement set with requirements specified in command line arguments, editable installations, and files.
10924	Exports a Bazaar repository to a specified location.
10925	Lookup an Amazon Product and return an instance or list of instances based on the response.
10926	Iterates over all pages, yielding lxml root elements until no more pages are available.
10927	Get the immediate ancestor of the current browse node in the browse node tree.
10928	Method for retrieving this browse node's children in the browse node tree.
10929	Returns the child element of the root (multiple levels deep) if it exists, otherwise returns None.
10930	Get element text as a string or None from the given path and root element.
10931	Returns the date value of an element as datetime.date if it exists and is in a valid date format, otherwise returns None.
10932	Return the offer price and currency for a product, prioritizing sale price, regular price, and lowest new price in that order. If no price is found, return None.
10933	Return a tuple containing the float representation of the price and the ISO currency code.
10934	Check if the request method is GET, then check if the request exists in the cache, and if not, add headers if appropriate, and finally send the request and return the response.
10935	Build a response by making a request or using the cache, applying appropriate caching and expiration heuristics, and marking the response as cacheable or not.
10936	Return a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment.
10937	Convert a string to title case, where each word starts with an uppercase letter and all other characters are lowercase.
10938	Sorts an iterable with optional case sensitivity and attribute-based sorting.
10939	Decorator to define properties that map to the grammar dict. This dict is the canonical representation of the Vega grammar within Vincent.
10940	Applies a filter on a sequence of objects or looks up an attribute.
10941	Creates a custom logger for the given application that adjusts its logging level based on the application's debug flag and applies a DEBUG handler only when necessary.
10942	Returns True if the two strings are equal, False otherwise. The time taken is independent of the number of characters that match.
10943	Verifies the given signature matches the expected signature.
10944	Derive a key based on the secret key, salt, and key derivation method.
10945	Returns the signature for the given value by deriving a key, computing the signature using the algorithm, and then encoding it in base64.
10946	Returns the given string with the signature appended after a separator.
10947	Verifies the signature for the given value using a derived key and handles base64 decoding errors.
10948	Unsigns a given string by verifying its signature.
10949	Signs the given value and appends time information and a signature.
10950	Validate if the given signed value is valid by checking its signature.
10951	Serializes an object with the internal serializer and returns a signed byte or unicode string.
10952	Raise a 500 Server error with a JSON-RPC response containing the error message and exception details.
10953	Return a list of Python packages found within a specified directory, excluding and including specific packages based on patterns.
10954	Given a list of packages, exclude any that are part of a subpackage but do not have their parent package in the list.
10955	Return all subdirectories within the specified base path, relative to the base path.
10956	Verify Vary headers match and construct a real urllib3 HTTPResponse object.
10957	Remove RECORD.jws from a wheel by truncating the zip file.
10958	Unpacks a wheel file to a specified destination directory.
10959	Regenerate the entry_points console_scripts for the named distribution.
10960	Sets the _draw_ and _ldraw_ attributes for each graph sub-element by processing the xdot format of the graph.
10961	Parses the Xdot attributes of all graph components and adds the components to a new canvas, then updates the viewport.
10962	Retrieves a node by its ID from the graph, searching both the current graph and its subgraphs. Returns `None` if no node is found with the specified ID.
10963	Sets the connection string for all edges based on the value of `new`.
10964	Handles edge updates for any graph, ensuring nodes exist and initializing edge node lists.
10965	Handles the component being changed by updating the canvas.
10966	Handles the left mouse button being double-clicked when the tool is in the 'normal' state, and opens a Traits UI view on the object referenced by the 'element' trait of the component that was double-clicked, setting the tool as the active tool for the duration of the view.
10967	Handles the diagram canvas being set by adding the new tools to the canvas tools list.
10968	Removes all components from the canvas by creating a new canvas and copying selected traits from the old canvas, then updating the viewport and requesting a redraw.
10969	Handles the domain model changing by unmapping the old model and mapping the new model if they are not None.
10970	Maps a domain model to a diagram by creating and styling nodes, connecting them, and assigning elements to diagram nodes.
10971	Removes listeners from a domain model
10972	Handles mapping elements to and from diagram components based on events.
10973	This function styles a Pydot node with various attributes from a DotAttrs object.
10974	Parses xdot data and returns the associated components.
10975	Sets the font based on the tokens provided
10976	Returns the components of an ellipse.
10977	Convert a polygon's tokens and fill status into a Polygon component.
10978	Returns the components of a polyline based on the given tokens.
10979	Return text components based on given tokens.
10980	Returns the components of an image.
10981	Render a GridFS file as an endpoint response with appropriate headers and content.
10982	Save an object to a file in binary mode.
10983	Loads a file using a dot file parser and handles file descriptor closing.
10984	Tests if a point is within an ellipse defined by the object's origin and width/height.
10985	Draws the component bounds for testing purposes
10986	Open a wizard to perform an action.
10987	Constructs and configures a SQLAlchemy engine and session factory, tests the connection, and assigns it to a database alias.
10988	This method parses a dot_code string to create a graph model and replaces the existing model with it.
10989	Handles creating a new graph model, prompting the user to replace an existing one if initialized.
10990	Handles opening a file dialog to select and parse a Graphviz file, updating the model and save path accordingly.
10991	Handles saving the current model to the last file if it exists, otherwise saves using the provided info.
10992	Handles saving the current model to file using a file dialog.
10993	This function configures the display of graph dot traits by editing the traits in a live view if the provided information indicates that the graph is initialized.
10994	Handles display of the nodes editor.
10995	Handles display of the edges editor.
10996	Handles displaying a view about Godot.
10997	Handles adding a Node to the graph, ensuring it is initialized and adding it if valid.
10998	A new edge is added to the graph by creating two nodes (tail and head) and an edge connecting them, then the edge is edited and added to the graph if the edit is successful.
10999	This method handles adding a Subgraph to the main graph if the provided information is initialized, creates a Subgraph object, edits its traits, and appends it to the main graph's subgraphs if the editing is successful.
11000	Try to add a cluster to the main graph if it's initialized and edit its traits.
11001	Displays a dialog for graph selection if more than one exists, returns the selected graph or the model if none is selected.
11002	Handles display of the options menu for a Godot application.
11003	configures the display of dot code in a text editor by setting the dot code and editing traits with a live modal view.
11004	Handles the user attempting to exit Godot by prompting for confirmation if enabled.
11005	Position the bottom-left corner of the components at the origin by adjusting their coordinates.
11006	Save the object to a given file-like object in the specified format.
11007	Load an object to a given file-like object with the specified format.
11008	Save object to file given by filename with specified format.
11009	Return an instance of the class that is saved in the file with the given filename in the specified format.
11010	Create a syntactically concise alias trait using Property and lambda functions.
11011	A generator function that parses a file, yielding words one by one.
11012	Returns a cached list of keys that can be used to generate sentences, filtering out keys that do not start with an uppercase letter and end with a punctuation mark.
11013	Adding a Markov chain to a shelve file with a unique name and order.
11014	Removing a chain from the current shelve file by name.
11015	Build a Markov chain from a given source iterable by extending an existing chain.
11016	Generate a simple sentence using a MarkovChain with no length limit, starting with an uppercase letter.
11017	Creates, saves, processes, and returns a graph representation using Graphviz.
11018	Adds a node to the graph with optional attributes.
11019	Removes a node from the graph.
11020	Returns the node with the given ID or None.
11021	Deletes an edge from the graph and returns it if found, otherwise returns None.
11022	Adds an edge to the graph with optional keyword arguments.
11023	Adds a subgraph or cluster to the graph with an optional default node and edge.
11024	Handles the selection change of the Graphviz layout program and checks if the executable exists and is a file.
11025	Maintains each edge's list of available nodes with the given new nodes.
11026	Parse a DOT file and return a Godot graph.
11027	Parse a DOT file and return the corresponding graph.
11028	Build a Godot graph instance using parsed data.
11029	Builds a Godot graph using a set of tokens representing nodes, edges, and graph attributes.
11030	Convert a duration in seconds to the most appropriate units and_multiplier.
11031	Formats a number of seconds using the best units.
11032	Handle the file path changing and update the name and graph accordingly.
11033	Creates a toolkit-specific control for the editor and returns it.
11034	Split a sequence into pieces of length n, discarding the rest if the sequence length is not a multiple of n.
11035	Yield iterable of equally-length sublists of given iterable, with each successive sublist offset by a specified number of elements.
11036	Runs Godot with specified plugins.
11037	Gets the children of an object, including subgraphs, clusters, nodes, and edges.
11038	Appends a child object to the appropriate list within the parent object based on the child's type.
11039	Inserts a child into the object's children at the specified index based on the type of the child.
11040	Deletes a child object of a specified type from the list of children of the given object.
11041	Sets up or removes a listener for children being replaced on a specified object.
11042	Sets up or removes a listener for children being changed on a specified object
11043	Method for retrieving and formatting the label of a specified object.
11044	Sets the label for a specified object.
11045	Sets up or removes a listener for when the label of a specified object is changed.
11046	Initializes the editor by creating the underlying toolkit widget and setting up the graph.
11047	Updates the editor when the object trait changes externally by graphing the new object and adding nodes and edges.
11048	Adds event listeners for traits in a specified object.
11049	Handles the replacement of nodes in a list.
11050	Handles addition and removal of nodes.
11051	Adds a node to the graph for each item in 'features' using the GraphNodes from the editor factory, and arranges all graph nodes afterward.
11052	Removes the old edges and adds the new edges when a list of edges is set.
11053	Handles addition and removal of edges.
11054	Adds edges to a graph for each item in 'features' using GraphEdges from the editor factory.
11055	Handles parsing Xdot drawing directives and adjusts component positions accordingly.
11056	Handles the repositioning of drawing components based on changes in other drawing attributes.
11057	Generate new nodes with unique IDs using a graph or a random UUID if no graph is provided.
11058	Give new edges a unique ID, based on the number of nodes and their IDs.
11059	Attach this connection's default database to the context using our alias.
11060	Parses the drawing directive, updating the node components and creating a container for them.
11061	Parses a label drawing directive, updates the label components, and creates a container with the adjusted components.
11062	Handles the change in container of drawing components, updates the component's position and requests a redraw.
11063	Handles the position of the component changing based on the new coordinates provided.
11064	Handles the Graphviz position attribute changing and updates the component's position and requests a redraw.
11065	Handle right mouse button click in 'normal' state by opening context menu with menu items from parent tool.
11066	Outputs the CSS for a specified highlight style with options to customize.
11067	Draws a closed polygon using the given graphics context, points, and other parameters.
11068	Test if a point is within this polygonal region using a winding algorithm.
11069	Draws the Bezier component using the graphics context provided.
11070	Broadcasts an event to all registered database connections.
11071	Method that processes items from in_queue using func and puts the results in out_queue until stopper.is_set().
11072	Return the full, external URL for a page, optionally with a specified URL scheme.
11073	Render the rel=prev and rel=next links as a Markup object for template injection.
11074	Combines previous and next links with a canonical link if there are multiple pages, converting them into a Markup object for template injection.
11075	Is the candidate content type an exact match or sub-type of the pattern content type?
11076	Selects the best available content type that matches the requested content types based on quality and specificity.
11077	Create a new URL from the input URL with modifications specified through keyword parameters.
11078	A function that removes the authentication portion of a URL and returns the sanitized URL along with the removed authentication details.
11079	Generate the user+password portion of a URL.
11080	Normalize a host for a URL by encoding it using IDNA or percent-encoding, applying length restrictions based on the scheme and enable_long_host parameter.
11081	Attempts to list all of the modules and submodules found within a given directory tree, returning a list of candidate names.
11082	Attempts to list all of the modules and submodules found within a given directory tree by recursively searching for potential Python modules and returning a list of candidate names.
11083	Return a list of submodules found recursively within a given module, searching both default and extended paths via sys.meta_path hooks.
11084	Returns a list of classes from a specified module, filtered by an optional function.
11085	Attempts to list all the classes within a given module namespace, including submodules, and filters them based on a provided function.
11086	Ensure directory exists or create it.
11087	Store the given text contents with the specified key for later retrieval.
11088	Checks if the given card number passes a Luhn mod-10 checksum.
11089	Return the git hash as a string.
11090	Load a module's code and set its expected hidden variables.
11091	Adds a path to the list of searchable paths.
11092	Searches for the required module in the given paths and returns a ModuleLoader object if found.
11093	Split a line of text into multiple lines, with a maximum length, while preserving the original indentation.
11094	Remove all namespaces from an lxml.etree document
11095	Checks for consistency among versions, allowing for an optional desired version, inclusion of the 'package' version, and a specified strictness level.
11096	Creates a new instance of a rule and updates its dictionary with provided keyword arguments for configuration purposes.
11097	Merges a dictionary into the Rule object and updates the Rule's actions accordingly.
11098	Executes a series of actions in the specified working directory.
11099	Create new instance of a rule by merging two dictionaries.
11100	Adds request details and session information to the given message, or prints an error if it fails.
11101	Emits a log record after formatting and rate-limiting based on the number of emails sent in the last minute.
11102	Ensure `image_rendition` is added to the global context.
11103	This method logs an attempt to access a key, incrementing the attempt count and potentially locking the account if the maximum attempt limit is reached.
11104	Adds an URL to the download queue if both the music service and drive service are initialized.
11105	Creates and starts worker threads for handling tasks, including downloading, converting, uploading, and deleting.
11106	This function adds or updates a key-value pair in a database by sending a PUT request to a specified endpoint.
11107	Retrieves the value of a given key from a key-value store, optionally waiting for a given index and timeout.
11108	Recursively retrieves the tree below a given key from a key-value store, optionally waiting for changes.
11109	This function retrieves the current index of a key or subtree in a Consul cluster, used for later long polling requests.
11110	Performs deletion of a given key or recursively deletes the tree below it.
11111	Generate a heatmap to visualize the relationship between features and classes based on a specified metric and clustering method.
11112	Add a number of months to a given timestamp.
11113	Add a specified number of months to a given date, adjusting for overflow or underflow into different months or years.
11114	Check if the current date is within the Christmas period.
11115	Sets the current music service and handles API keys if necessary.
11116	Sets the specified storage service and attempts to connect to it, handling different service types and custom paths.
11117	Reads a dataset from a CSV file and divides it into features (X) and labels (y), while filtering out non-finite values in the features.
11118	Reads dataset from json.
11119	Writes dataset to a JSON file.
11120	Select items from a dataset based on a reference label, either including or excluding items with that label.
11121	Calculates the average dictionary from a list of dictionaries for a given label.
11122	Provides an analysis of feature importance in a dataset using ANOVA and adjusts p-values for multiple hypothesis testing.
11123	Restore the data dictionary by updating the Flask session and the object's internal data.
11124	Recusively merge the 2 dicts, destructive on argument 'a'.
11125	Decorator for a function to dispatch on, using the return value of a dispatch function to look up the appropriate implementation function based on its dispatch key.
11126	Register a function as a dispatch function for a given key.
11127	Auto-discover INSTALLED_APPS registered_blocks.py modules and fail silently when not present. This forces an import on them thereby registering their blocks.
11128	Verifies a block prior to registration, ensuring that the block type is not already registered and that the block is an instance of `Block`.
11129	Registers block to block_type in the registry
11130	Unregisters a block from the registry by its type, raising an exception if it is not found.
11131	Converts the file associated with the file\_name passed into a MP3 file and returns the filename of the new file in local storage.
11132	Determine whether the desired version is a reasonable next version based on tag versions.
11133	Check if a route needs SSL, and redirect it if not. Also redirects back to http for non-SSL routes. Static routes are served as both http and https.
11134	Initializes Celery with Flask app context for task execution.
11135	Add a mail to the queue to be sent
11136	Parses an HTTP accept-like header and returns a list of `ContentType` instances in decreasing quality order.
11137	Parses the Cache-Control header string and outputs a dictionary containing the key-value pairs of its directives.
11138	Parse a content type like header.
11139	Parse an RFC7239 Forwarded header into a list of dictionaries.
11140	Parser to split a header value into elements using a regular expression and replacing commas between quoted segments.
11141	Parse a named parameter list in the "common" format and return a sequence of name-value pairs.
11142	Resizes an image to fit the specified width while maintaining the original aspect ratio.
11143	Adds a new value to the list with validation based on strict mode and specific attribute handling.
11144	Downloads a MP4 or WebM file that is associated with the video at the URL passed.
11145	Creates a connection to the Google Drive API, sets the connection attribute to make requests, and creates the Music folder if it doesn't exist.
11146	Uploads a file to a Google Drive Music folder and logs the upload time.
11147	Initializes the connection attribute with the path to the user home folder's Music folder, and creates it if it doesn't exist.
11148	Writes the sky parameters to a file in the format required by skytool_Free to generate the sky radiance distribution.
11149	Does nothing currently. May not need this method.
11150	Read the phytoplankton absorption file from a csv formatted file and store its contents in the self.a_phi attribute.
11151	Scale the spectra `a_phi` by multiplying it with a given linear scaling factor.
11152	Reads the pure water absorption data from a CSV file.
11153	Reads the pure water scattering data from a CSV file and stores it in an instance variable.
11154	Generic IOP reader that interpolates the IOP to the common wavelengths defined in the constructor.
11155	Write a numpy array to a file.
11156	Calculates the total scattering from back-scattering given a scattering fraction.
11157	Calculates the total absorption by summing the absorption from water, phytoplankton, and CDOM.
11158	Calculates the total attenuation by summing total absorption and total scattering.
11159	Builds all b and c from IOPs
11160	Saves a list of parameters as class properties.
11161	Loads a text file to a Python dictionary using '=' as the delimiter and strips any leading/trailing whitespace from the keys and values.
11162	Converts a comma-separated string of numbers into a list of floats.
11163	Reads in a PlanarRad generated report and saves the reported parameters as a python dictionary.
11164	Sets a handler for a list of signals.
11165	Log a warning when a signal is received while the system is busy processing a previous signal.
11166	Default handler for signal processing that restarts, cleans up, pauses, resumes, prints status, or aborts the process based on the received signal.
11167	Pause execution for X seconds or until a specific signal is received, optionally jumping to a callback function.
11168	Run all abort and exit tasks, then exit with an error status.
11169	Status signal handler calls all status tasks and moves non-persistent callbacks to a new list, then resumes tasks with the given signal.
11170	Tries to remove a registered event without triggering it, logging the attempt and handling cases where the event is not found in the list.
11171	Fetches time series data from OpenTSDB using the specified metric, tags, time range, and options.
11172	Fetches and returns time series data from OpenTSDB, sorted by timestamp.
11173	collects and returns a list of values from the given iterable, optionally limiting the number of items to the specified maximum
11174	Prints an item to the specified file with an optional end string, defaulting to a newline character.
11175	Prints each item from an iterable.
11176	Extracts function signature, default arguments, keyword-only arguments, and whether or not variable positional or keyword arguments are allowed.
11177	Extracts function signature from an existing partial instance.
11178	Handle addition of new arguments to existing positional and keyword arguments
11179	Determines whether a given file name should be ignored due to containing metadata related to multiple XPI signatures.
11180	Determines sorting priority and case-insensitive filename for xpi files.
11181	Read one VLQ-encoded integer value from an input data stream.
11182	Reads a table structure with known fields where each field is prefixed by two bytes and the actual value is a Variable-Length Quantity (VLQ) followed by another two bytes.
11183	Parse user data header and extract relevant information for StarCraft II replay.
11184	Converts a duration in seconds to a human-readable string format.
11185	Prints a summary of game details, including the map, duration, version, and a table of player information.
11186	Gets and returns the data entered by the user from the UI elements.
11187	Open file dialog and display data and graphic if file is found.
11188	Write batch file with given inputs.
11189	Reads data from a file, separates it into wavelength and data arrays, and converts wavelengths to floats.
11190	Connecting the function "display_the_graphic" to a slider_without parameters.
11191	Function that displays information about curves by updating the text of labels based on the input information and the specified curve index.
11192	Displays an error message with a red color when a wrong value is typed.
11193	This function hides the error message and warning image when all values are correct.
11194	This function executes the planarRad function using a batch file and handles errors, displaying error messages or progress bars based on the outcome.
11195	Cancel PlanarRad if it is running and in normal mode, prompting the user for confirmation.
11196	Quit PlanarRad, checking if the application is running before exiting.
11197	Save the current figure displayed in the UI as a PNG file in the "Artists_saved" folder with a unique name.
11198	Open the log file for PlanarRad and display its contents in a log window.
11199	The method `open_documentation` is designed to open a documentation file in a web browser window using a `Window` class from the `PyQt5.QtWidgets` module, but the actual implementation is commented out.
11200	Disable certain UI elements and set default values for parameters.
11201	Intercepts right mouse click and shows graphic context menu at the clicked position.
11202	Recording the mouse coordinates on a canvas in normal mode and updating the graphic target.
11203	Update labels about mouse coordinates based on authorized display status.
11204	Create a lockset with a single vote for the genesis block.
11205	Sign a message using a private key and update the signature fields of the object.
11206	Sign the data using the sha3 algorithm after removing certain fields and serializing the object.
11207	Check if the object is invalid or has exactly one of quorum, noquorum, or quorumpossible.
11208	Increase the issuer's funds and record the issuance details.
11209	Return the highest lock on height.
11210	Return the last block proposal node voted on.
11211	Find the highest valid lockset based on the rounds.
11212	Setup a timeout for waiting for a proposal by calculating the delay based on the current round and setting the timeout time accordingly.
11213	Inform the system about synced peers and handle the proposal accordingly.
11214	Make private keys that support coloring using a specified number of colors.
11215	Calculate the estimated delay for a packet transfer between a sender and receiver, considering their bandwidths and latencies.
11216	Deliver packet on edge of timeout_window with added delay.
11217	Create an object that acts as a proxy for a contract on a blockchain.
11218	returns the native contract class associated with a given address
11219	Registers a NativeContract class if it meets certain conditions.
11220	Updates the filter list with new data, moves existing data to the end, and returns True if the data was unknown.
11221	Receives and processes a list of transactions by spawning a new greenlet to add each transaction to the system.
11222	Decondition an image from the VGG16 model by transposing the dimensions, adjusting pixel values, and converting from BGR to RGB.
11223	Condition an image for use with the VGG16 model by converting it to BGR, subtracting mean values, and transposing the dimensions.
11224	Create a function to get the output of a specific layer in a neural network model, considering the learning phase if applicable.
11225	Get symbolic output of a layer by name.
11226	Evaluate layer outputs for input `x`
11227	Creates a new encryption key at the specified path, sets file permissions, and currently does not work on Windows platforms due to differences in file permission handling.
11228	Finishes the load job and returns the exit code, ensuring rows are applied if applicable.
11229	Loads data from a file into a target table, handling the load process, including file format detection, encoding, and error handling.
11230	Insert a single row into the target table and optionally raise or log any errors encountered during the process.
11231	Attempt to release a target mload table, raising an error if the table has not been set.
11232	Returns a list of four table names with specific suffixes for a Teradata bulk load operation.
11233	Monkey-patches the compiler to remove default flags specified in `remove_flags`.
11234	Attempts to find the Teradata install directory using default locations for different platforms, returning `None` if not found.
11235	Retrieve the decrypted value of a key in a giraffez configuration file.
11236	Set a decrypted value by key in a giraffez configuration file.
11237	Toggle table output on or off.
11238	Given a SQL command, execute it using CLIv2 and return a cursor over the results.
11239	Retrieve a value from a nested configuration dictionary based on a given key, with options to handle default values and decryption.
11240	Writes a default configuration file structure to a file, overwriting it if it already exists.
11241	Set the names of columns to be used for iteration, retrieval, etc.
11242	Writes export archive files in the Giraffez format to a writer until all rows are exhausted, returning an iterator of row counts.
11243	Sets the current encoder output to Python `str` and returns a row iterator with specified delimiter and null values.
11244	Converts a string with an optional multiplier (k, M, G, T) to a float.
11245	Convert a string of individual amplification element gains into a dictionary.
11246	Convert a string of SoapySDR device settings into a dictionary.
11247	Wrap text to terminal width with default indentation
11248	Return detected SoapySDR devices and a formatted text output.
11249	Sets the center frequency and clears averaged PSD data.
11250	Return the frequency and averaged PSD values for a given center frequency after FFT shifting and optional cropping, averaging, and log scaling.
11251	Wait for all PSD threads to finish and return the result.
11252	Compute the power spectral density (PSD) from samples, update the average for the given center frequency
11253	Read data from file-like object and parse magic bytes and header.
11254	Write data to file-like object in a specific format.
11255	Submits a callable to be executed with the given arguments and counts the maximum reached work queue size.
11256	Return the number of repeats for a given integration time and bin size.
11257	Generate a list of frequencies for frequency hopping based on given min_freq, max_freq, bins, overlap, and quiet parameters.
11258	Creates a buffer for reading samples, adjusting the size based on the number of bins, repeats, and optional maximum buffer size, and logs relevant information about the buffer.
11259	Prepare samples buffer and start streaming samples from device, including setting up buffer parameters and initializing PSD and writer.
11260	Stops streaming samples from the device and clears the samples buffer.
11261	Tune to a specified center frequency and compute the Power Spectral Density.
11262	Sweep spectrum using frequency hopping.
11263	Update the address of an I2C device and set the internal address variable if it has changed.
11264	Forcing to run cmake and configuring zql build with CMake.
11265	Returns a set of datetimes after filtering out duplicates and those beyond a certain number of units before a given time.
11266	Return a datetime with the same value as ``dt``, but with a resolution of days (i.e., hours, minutes, seconds, and microseconds are set to 0).
11267	Return a datetime object with the same value as input, but rounded down to the nearest week, using a specified first day of the week.
11268	Return set of datetimes filtered by the number of years, months, weeks, days, hours, minutes, and seconds in the past.
11269	Return a set of datetimes that should be deleted from a given set of datetimes, considering specified time intervals.
11270	Return a set of dates that should be kept, out of the provided dates, based on the specified time intervals.
11271	Return a set of dates that should be deleted from the input list based on the specified years, months, weeks, and days to keep.
11272	Construct an SPI control byte for the MCP23S17 slave device based on the hardware address and read/write command.
11273	Reads and returns the bit at a specified position from a given address.
11274	Write a value to a specific bit in a memory address
11275	Return the lowest bit number from a given bit pattern, or None if no bits are set.
11276	Waits for port events on a given port and chip, processes them using pin function maps, and places them onto an event queue.
11277	Wait for events on the event queue and call the registered functions.
11278	Brings the GPIO interrupt pin into Linux userspace.
11279	Sets the interrupt edge on the userspace GPIO pin.
11280	Returns True if the value is a valid file path, False otherwise.
11281	Registers a pin number and direction with a callback function.
11282	De-registers callback functions for a given pin number and/or direction.
11283	Enables GPIO interrupts and handles any timeouts with an `InterruptEnableException`.
11284	Sends bytes via the SPI bus and returns the bytes received from the SPI device.
11285	Renders a tabbed form with links and content, updating the context and returning an HTML template.
11286	Check if the form has any errors related to fields listed in the object.
11287	Render the tab-pane link template with the necessary context.
11288	Retrieves the version of a given package from an installed distribution or a configuration file if it is not installed.
11289	Pass template pack argument based on foundation version
11290	Method to check the status of the response and raise an exception if the status is not 200.
11291	Makes a GET request using the provided url and parameters, and returns the processed response as a dictionary.
11292	Requests a direct download link for a specified file using a ticket and optionally a captcha response.
11293	Returns a dictionary containing a URL and a valid_until timestamp for a file upload link.
11294	This interface is used to upload a file to a specified folder using a provided upload link, and returns information about the uploaded file in a dictionary.
11295	Upload a file to openload.co using a remote URL.
11296	Returns the status of remote file uploads, optionally filtering by limit and upload ID.
11297	Retrieves a list of files and folders in a specified folder, with an option to list the "Home" folder if no folder ID is provided.
11298	Returns a list of running file conversions for a specified folder, or the Home folder if none is provided.
11299	Calculates the relative humidity from temperature and dewpoint using a formula from weatherwise.org.
11300	Calculates the dewpoint in degrees F using temperature and humidity in degrees F and a specific formula.
11301	Perform HTTP session to transmit defined weather values.
11302	Calculates the CRC value from raw serial data using a lookup table.
11303	Check if the CRC of raw serial data is valid.
11304	Given a packed storm date field, unpack and return a 'YYYY-MM-DD' string.
11305	Determine if the weather station returns Rev.B archives by checking the 'RecType' field in the records.
11306	Issues a wakeup command to a device to bring it out of standby mode.
11307	Sends a command to a device and waits for an acknowledgment.
11308	Issue a command to read archive records after a known timestamp and return a list of records.
11309	Return newest record from the device's archive, or None if no new records are available.
11310	read and parse data from the console, setting the parsed values in the fields variable
11311	Query weather data and post to online service after sanitizing and processing.
11312	sets up system logging with desired verbosity, adding both syslog and console handlers as appropriate.
11313	Returns a list of publication service instances based on the options provided.
11314	Returns gust data if it meets the threshold and is within the reporting window period.
11315	Updates the weather data and logs the arguments.
11316	Store keyword arguments for output file logging.
11317	Writes out the provided data to the output file.
11318	Applies a decorator to a function, causing it to look like a user-only requirement and passing the current request context internally to the requirement.
11319	Initializes the Flask-Allows object and sets up request and response hooks.
11320	Checks if the provided or current identity meets the given requirements, considering additional and overridden requirements.
11321	Pushes an override to the current context, optionally combining it with the parent override if specified.
11322	Pops the latest override context and raises an error if it was pushed by a different manager.
11323	Allows temporarily pushing an override context and yields the new context into the following block.
11324	Binds an additional to the current context, optionally using the current additionals in conjunction with this additional.
11325	Pops the latest additional context and raises an error if it was pushed by a different manager.
11326	Adds a temporary additional context, yields it, and then removes it.
11327	Append a number to duplicate field names to make them unique.
11328	Generate a string indicating the number of rows affected by a Cypher query or specific database operations based on the execution results.
11329	Extracts parameters from a given query by iterating over the user namespace and adding key-value pairs that can be safely serialized to a dictionary.
11330	Executes a Cypher query and returns results in various formats based on configuration options.
11331	Returns a Pandas DataFrame instance built from the result set.
11332	Return a NetworkX graph representation built from a result set.
11333	Generates a pie chart from the result set based on numerical values in the rightmost column.
11334	Generates a matplotlib plot from the result set.
11335	Generates a bar plot from a result set using the last quantitative column as Y values and all other columns combined to label the X axis.
11336	Generates results in comma-separated form and writes them to a file if specified.
11337	Checks if a user has a specific permission, and if not, either raises an exception or redirects them to a login page.
11338	Adds ``is_rendered`` to the context and the widget's context data, signaling that the AJAX view has been called and that we are displaying the full widget now.
11339	Return the widgets sorted by their position.
11340	Returns a list of widgets that need to be updated.
11341	Registers a widget to the dashboard, ensuring it inherits from DashboardWidgetBase and has a unique name.
11342	Unregisters a widget by deleting it from the list of registered widgets using its class name and instance name.
11343	Return the last update object for the widget, creating it if necessary.
11344	This method retrieves a setting for a widget from a database, returning a default value if the setting is not found.
11345	Saves the setting value into the database.
11346	Checks if an update is needed by comparing the time since the last update with the `update_interval`.
11347	Create a spark bolt array from a local array, distributing the array along specified axes and partitioning it into a specified number of partitions.
11348	Create a Spark bolt array filled with ones.
11349	Checks that at least one of the input arrays is a Spark array.
11350	Check that arguments are consistent with Spark array construction.
11351	Format target axes given an array shape
11352	Wrap an existing numpy constructor in a parallelized construction
11353	Align bolt array axes for iteration, transposing and reshaping if necessary.
11354	Converts a BoltArrayLocal into a BoltArraySpark by specifying a SparkContext and axis for parallelization.
11355	Converts a BoltArrayLocal into an RDD.
11356	Combine records from a Spark RDD into a list of keys and a larger ndarray along a new 0th dimension.
11357	Apply a function to each subarray in an RDD and return a new StackedArray.
11358	The `_chunk` method splits the values of a distributed array into chunks, creating a new RDD with records of the form `(key, chunk id), (chunked value)`, where chunk id identifies the chunk and chunked value is a subset of the data divided along specified dimensions.
11359	Apply a function to each subarray of a ChunkedArray, ensuring the shape and dtype of the output are preserved.
11360	Apply a generic function to each subarray and return a BoltArraySpark object with the results.
11361	Set plan for slicing the object into chunks along specified axes.
11362	Removes padding from chunks along specified axes based on chunk index and padding scheme.
11363	Calculates the number of chunks for each dimension based on the given chunk sizes and array shape.
11364	Obtain slices for generating chunks based on a given plan, padding, and shape.
11365	Construct a binary mask by setting certain indices to true.
11366	Repartitions the underlying RDD to the specified number of partitions.
11367	Aggregates records of a distributed array into a single StackedArray object for improved performance of vectorized operations.
11368	Aligning Spark bolt array axes for functional iteration.
11369	Return the first element of a BoltArrayLocal.
11370	Compute a statistic over an axis using either a function or a name, optionally keeping dimensions.
11371	Return the mean of the array over the specified axis.
11372	Return the variance of the array over the given axis.
11373	Return the standard deviation of the array over the given axis.
11374	Return the sum of the array over the specified axis with an option to keep dimensions.
11375	Compute the maximum of the array over the given axis, optionally keeping dimensions.
11376	Compute the minimum value over a specified axis, optionally keeping the reduced dimensions.
11377	Breaks arrays into subarrays using specified size or average byte size per chunk and specified axis or all axes, with optional padding.
11378	Swap axes from keys to values based on the provided indices, adjusting the size and chunking accordingly.
11379	Transpose an array by specified axes or reverse the order of axes if no axes are specified.
11380	Swap the positions of two axes in the array.
11381	Return an array with the same data but a new shape, supporting reshaping of keys, values, or both.
11382	Check if a requested reshape can be broken into independent reshapes on keys and values, and return the index separating them in the new shape if possible, otherwise return -1.
11383	Remove one or more single-dimensional axes from the array, if any.
11384	Cast the array to a specified type.
11385	Clip values above and below specified minimum and maximum values.
11386	Returns the contents of an RDD as a local array, potentially causing memory issues for large objects.
11387	Coerces singletons, lists, and ndarrays to tuples.
11388	Coerce a list of arguments to a tuple, handling nested and iterable cases.
11389	Check if the given axes are valid for the provided array shape.
11390	Checks if two arrays are close and have the same shape.
11391	A function to flatten a list of indices and ensure they are within known bounds.
11392	Attempts to ensure a slice has defined start, stop, and step values, adjusting for negative indices and overflows based on the given dimension.
11393	Check if a proposed tuple of axes is a valid permutation of an old set of axes by verifying length, axis repetition, and bounds.
11394	Check if a new tuple of axes can be validly reshaped from an old tuple by ensuring the total size remains unchanged.
11395	Rebuilds an original array from chunks that were split along multiple axes.
11396	Append empty axes to a numpy array iteratively.
11397	Eagerly return the count for a Spark RDD with index.
11398	Decorator to append routed docstrings.
11399	Use keyword arguments to route constructor and apply checks on arguments to identify the appropriate constructor.
11400	Reshape the keys of a BoltArraySpark and return a new BoltArraySpark with the specified shape.
11401	Transpose just the keys of a BoltArraySpark, returning a new BoltArraySpark with the keys reordered according to the specified axes.
11402	Reshape the values of a BoltArraySpark and return a new BoltArraySpark with the specified shape.
11403	Transpose just the values of a BoltArraySpark, returning a new BoltArraySpark.
11404	Create an array of ones with the specified shape, data type, and order.
11405	Create a new local bolt array filled with zeros.
11406	Joins a sequence of arrays together along a specified axis and returns a BoltArrayLocal object.
11407	Calculate the log-likelihood for a given dataset, xmin value, and scaling parameter alpha.
11408	Return the most likely alpha value for the given data and xmin within a specified range.
11409	Estimate the "scaling parameter" alpha in a discrete data set using the Maximum Likelihood Estimator, similar to the continuous case.
11410	Select the best value of alpha for discretization using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test.
11411	Determine the most likely value of alpha using maximum likelihood, with options for approximate and exact methods, and return the best alpha, xmin, ksD, likelihood, and error bars.
11412	Plots the power-law-predicted value against the real values as a diagnostic of the fit quality.
11413	Estimate lognormal parameters using maximum likelihood estimation and calculate the likelihood ratio statistic.
11414	Returns sanitized version of HTML by removing disallowed tags and attributes.
11415	Configure Yandex Metrika analytics counter with optional additional parameters.
11416	Return a list of tuples (tag name, class name) for selected tags, using tag names to work with forms not fully submitted.
11417	Calculate the MD5 fingerprint of an SSH public key.
11418	Create a base64-encoded SHA256 hash for a decoded key.
11419	Calculates the SHA512 fingerprint of the decoded key and encodes it in base64.
11420	Calculates two's complement of a long integer from byte data
11421	Decodes the base64 encoded part of the public key, raising an error if decoding fails.
11422	Parse and validateSSH options string, adding them to parsed_options field.
11423	Parse an RSA public key and validate its length.
11424	Parses ssh-dsa public keys and validates their parameters.
11425	Parses ecdsa-sha public keys and stores the extracted information in the object's attributes.
11426	Parses ed25519 keys and validates their length.
11427	Validates SSH public key and populates key_type, bits, and bits fields.
11428	Called when raw data is received.
11429	A step is being performed to establish the context as an acceptor, which involves processing input tokens from the initiator, sending output tokens to the initiator, and handling errors if they occur.
11430	Return the set of mechanisms supported by the credential.
11431	Store a credential into a credential store, either the default or a specific one, with options for usage, overwrite, and default status.
11432	Imports and runs setup function with given properties.
11433	Imports and returns a setup function with optional support for markdown READMEs, stdeb for building Debian packages, and distribute_setup for using the distribute package manager.
11434	Returns a file handle for recording audio with specified parameters.
11435	Returns the HTML5 Boilerplate CSS file path as a formatted HTML string according to the specified version.
11436	Returns the Normalize CSS file URL with an optional version parameter.
11437	Returns the URL for the appropriate Font Awesome CSS file based on the specified version and debugging settings.
11438	Returns Modernizr JavaScript file according to version number, either as a full or minified file.
11439	Returns the appropriate jQuery JavaScript file based on version and debug settings.
11440	Returns the appropriate jQuery UI plugin file based on the version number and debug mode settings.
11441	Returns the appropriate jQuery DataTables plugin file version based on settings and debug mode.
11442	Returns the jQuery DataTables CSS file for a given version number, using default settings if none is provided.
11443	Returns the jQuery DataTables ThemeRoller CSS file based on the specified version number or default version.
11444	Returns the jQuery Dynamic Formset plugin file based on the version number and whether template debugging is enabled.
11445	Returns a formatted script tag for the jQuery ScrollTo plugin file based on the version number and whether TEMPLATE_DEBUG is enabled or not.
11446	Returns the jQuery Smooth Scroll plugin file according to version number, with full or minified version based on TEMPLATE_DEBUG setting.
11447	Returns a Twitter Bootstrap CSS URL based on the selected version and debug settings.
11448	Returns Google Analytics asynchronous snippet with options for domain and linker support.
11449	Render a CodeMirrorTextarea in a Django form.
11450	This function generates authentication tokens for a user with a specified purpose, expiring at midnight of the current time plus the number of minutes defined by `minutes_valid`.
11451	Calculates the expiration time for an auth_hash by adding the specified number of minutes and rounding down to the nearest second and microsecond.
11452	Return login token info for given user.
11453	Serialize a user object using Meteor accounts serialization and modify the resulting dictionary to suit the application's needs.
11454	De-serialize user profile fields into concrete model fields.
11455	Update user data, ignoring the `options` argument and handling profile updates accordingly.
11456	Raises a MeteorError with a 403 status code and the message 'Authentication failed.' when authentication fails, regardless of the provided credentials.
11457	Resolve and validate an authentication token, returning the user object if valid.
11458	Checks if the request is secure or coming from a local connection, returning False if neither is true and raising an error otherwise.
11459	Method for retrieving a username from a user object.
11460	Registers a new user account, authenticates the user, logs the user in, and returns a token for resuming the login.
11461	Log in a user by setting up user ID, DDP ID, and subscribing to the 'LoggedInUser' publication with a silent subscription.
11462	This method logs out a user by unsubscribing from notifications, updating subscription status, sending a logout signal, and clearing user-related data.
11463	Login handler: authenticate with password or resume token, or handle failure.
11464	Authenticate a user using credentials provided in `params` and log in if the credentials are valid.
11465	Logs in a user using an existing resume token and returns a new user token if the login is successful.
11466	Changes a user's password if the old password is correct and sends a signal upon successfully changing the password.
11467	Request a password reset email for a given username.
11468	Resetting a user's password using a token, updating the password, and then logging the user in.
11469	recursive dictionary merge
11470	Reads an encoded file from a specified path or returns a default value if the file cannot be read.
11471	Returns an Alea ID for the given object.
11472	Map object IDs to Alea IDs using a specified model and object IDs.
11473	Return an object ID for the given meteor_id based on the model's primary key or a unique AleaIdField.
11474	Return all object IDs for the given meteor_ids for a specific model.
11475	A function that retrieves an object from a Django model using a given meteor_id, with support for different primary key types and additional query arguments.
11476	Sets the default value for the AleaIdField in the specified model using the get_meteor_id function for each object.
11477	Unset default value for AleaIdField for specified objects in a model.
11478	Truncates tables for specified models in a given app using the provided schema editor.
11479	Use schema_editor to apply any forward changes to the database for a given app.
11480	Apply reverse changes using schema_editor.
11481	Set default values for various command options in a custom build system that integrates with Meteor.
11482	Updates command options by setting undefined options from the 'build' and 'build_py' commands, and finalizes options from the parent class.
11483	Performs the build process for a meteor application using specified configurations and commands.
11484	Converts a UNIX-style path into a platform-specific directory specification by joining all but the last part and splitting the last part by directory separators.
11485	Seeds internal state from supplied values or generates a secure seed if no values are provided.
11486	Return the internal state of the object, including variables `c`, `s0`, `s1`, and `s2`, for testing purposes.
11487	Generate a random string of specified length from a given alphabet.
11488	Decorate a method as an API endpoint for later registration with optional path specification and decorator application.
11489	Iterate over all API endpoints.
11490	Clears the cache for api_path_map and calls the clear_api_path_map_cache method for all api_providers if it exists.
11491	Debug print a name and its value in a formatted manner.
11492	Validate keyword arguments for a function.
11493	Handles a new websocket connection by initializing the request, WebSocket object, and various buffers and generators for managing message transmission.
11494	Handle the closing of a websocket connection by removing it from the connections dictionary, deleting it, and sending a request finished signal.
11495	Process a message received from remote, log it, and handle individual messages.
11496	Yield DDP messages from a raw WebSocket message after parsing and validating the EJSON format.
11497	Process a single DDP message and handle any resulting exceptions by replying with an error message.
11498	Dispatch a message to the appropriate handler method.
11499	Handles DDP connect request, establishing a session and validating client version and support.
11500	Handle DDP ping requests and respond with 'pong'.
11501	Called when a DDP subscription message is received
11502	Handle DDP unsub request by unsubscribing with provided id or sending 'nosub' reply.
11503	Handle a DDP method by optionally setting a random seed, invoking the method, and replying with an update status.
11504	WebSocket service availability information informed to client.
11505	Spawns greenlets for handling websockets and PostgreSQL calls, with optional SSL support and signal handling for graceful shutdown.
11506	Parse command-line arguments and serve HTTP requests.
11507	Prints a message if the verbosity level is 1 or above.
11508	Stops all green threads by setting an event, stopping each server, and waiting for all threads to finish.
11509	Runs DDP greenlets and waits for them to stop.
11510	A method to spawn sub-tasks, wait for a stop signal, and handle database connections using psycopg2.
11511	Polls a DB socket and processes asynchronous tasks by handling notifications, reconstructing data from chunks, and sending it to connected websockets.
11512	Patch the threading and psycopg2 modules for green threads.
11513	Generates a random ID using the specified name and length.
11514	Import all `ddp` submodules from `settings.INSTALLED_APPS`.
11515	Construct an error dictionary based on the object's arguments, error details, and additional keyword arguments.
11516	Retrieves an attribute, creating it if required using the specified factory.
11517	Emit a formatted log record via DDP.
11518	A middleware function that selects a renderer for a given request, renders the handler's data, and returns a `aiohttp.web.Response`.
11519	Adds a context manager to a web application for adding multiple routes from a given module or module object with optional URL and name prefixes.
11520	Register routes for an resource's methods.
11521	Runs an `aiohttp.web.Application` using gunicorn.
11522	Sends a push notification to the device via GCM.
11523	Sends an APNS notification to one or more registration_ids.
11524	Returns a list of inactive device IDs from the APNS server.
11525	Send a single GCM notification using the provided registration ID, data, encoding, and optional keyword arguments.
11526	Send bulk GCM notifications using the provided registration IDs and data.
11527	Sends a JSON GCM message with specified IDs and optional data.
11528	Sends a GCM message with the given content type
11529	Forms the class represented by the name in the given module location by piecing the name together and then importing the module.
11530	Applies the fast forward selection algorithm to reduce the number of scenarios while maintaining the most representative ones.
11531	This method provides a shorthand for creating a Giphy API wrapper with a given API key and then calling the search method, returning a generator.
11532	Wraps the Giphy API's translate method with a shorthand.
11533	Pass in a limit and API key to get trending GIFs from the Giphy API.
11534	Create a Giphy API wrapper and call the gif method with the given parameters.
11535	Calls the screensaver method of a Giphy API wrapper with the given tag, api key, and strict flag.
11536	This method uploads a file to the Giphy API with a list of tags and optional username and API key.
11537	Converts string values to integers for specified keys in the input data.
11538	Wrapper for making an API request to Giphy.
11539	This function retrieves a single image that represents a translation of a term or phrase into an animated gif, with optional parameters for strict mode and rating.
11540	Return an iterator of GIFs currently trending online, limited by rating and number of results.
11541	Retrieves a specific GIF from Giphy based on its unique ID and raises an exception if the GIF is not found and strict mode is enabled.
11542	Uploads a gif from the filesystem to Giphy.
11543	Prepares the extension element for access control settings
11544	Authenticate the user and set the GData Auth token using provided or default email, password, and source values.
11545	Creating a YouTube video entry with metadata and uploading it using a browser-based approach.
11546	Checks the video upload status and returns either a boolean indicating availability or a dictionary with upload state and detailed message.
11547	Updates the specified video with new title, description, keywords, and access control if provided.
11548	Deletes a video using its ID and requires authentication.
11549	Determines if a video is available based on its upload status and returns a JSON response indicating its availability.
11550	Display a video in an embed player with availability checks.
11551	List videos of a user.
11552	Directly upload a video to the server and then to YouTube, optionally returning a JSON response with the video ID.
11553	Displays and processes a video upload form using the YouTube API.
11554	Handles the result of a video upload, saving the video data and redirecting to the appropriate page based on the upload status.
11555	Removes a video from YouTube and the database via HTTP POST.
11556	Connects to Youtube API and retrieves the video entry object.
11557	Synchronizes video information in the database with the video on YouTube, updating the video if it already exists.
11558	Deletes a video from YouTube and raises an OperationError if unsuccessful.
11559	Generic method to update metadata for various M2X resources.
11560	Update a metadata field for a resource.
11561	Update any resource details via M2X API.
11562	Load a list of trees from a Newick formatted string.
11563	Converts a list of trees into a Newick formatted string.
11564	Loads a list of trees from an open Newick formatted file.
11565	a
11566	Parse a Newick formatted string into a `Node` object.
11567	Create a new Node object with optional parameters and additional keyword arguments.
11568	Formats the node as a Newick string representation.
11569	Return a unicode string representing a tree in ASCII art fashion, with options to use strict ASCII characters and show internal nodes.
11570	Method for retrieving a specific node by its name.
11571	Remove all nodes in the specified list or all nodes not in the list if inverse=True.
11572	Transform a polytomous tree into a binary tree by inserting dummy nodes.
11573	Set the name of all non-leaf nodes in the subtree to None.
11574	Remove the names of all leaf nodes in the subtree.
11575	Decorator that protects methods with HTTP authentication.
11576	Clears JavaScript-style comments (// and /**/) from a given JSON string.
11577	Raises an exception if the given app setting is not defined.
11578	Get the value of an argument by name, considering defaults and handling multiple occurrences.
11579	Returns a list of the arguments with the given name, decoding and stripping them as needed.
11580	The function is obsolete and catches exceptions from the wrapped function in an unnecessary way since Tornado 1.1.
11581	This method retrieves the value of a cookie by name, returning a default value if the cookie does not exist.
11582	Deletes the cookie with the given name
11583	Generates and redirects to an authentication URL with specified attributes and callback URI.
11584	Complete the OAuth registration process by verifying the request token, clearing the cookie, and fetching the access token with the provided verifier.
11585	Generate OAuth parameters for a request.
11586	(Authenticates and authorizes for the given Google resource).
11587	Makes a Facebook API REST request with the given method and arguments, automatically including the Facebook API key and signature.
11588	Handles the login for a user using OAuth and returns a user object.
11589	Concatenate a URL with a dictionary of arguments, ensuring the correct use of query parameters.
11590	Parses a Content-type like header and returns the main content-type and a dictionary of options.
11591	Adds a new value for the given key and updates the internal list if the key already exists.
11592	Returns all values for a given header as a list.
11593	Parse a single header line and update the dictionary accordingly.
11594	Parse HTTP header text into a dictionary.
11595	Converts a name to Http-Header-Case.
11596	Converts a string to a UTF-8 encoded byte string if it's a unicode string.
11597	Converts a string argument to a unicode string, decoding byte strings as utf8.
11598	Converts a byte string to a unicode string in Python 3.
11599	Convert byte strings to unicode in a simple data structure.
11600	Checks if another plugin with the same keyword argument exists and ensures metadata is available
11601	Recursively iterate through all subclasses of a given class, in depth-first order.
11602	Determine and return a policy and its origin based on matching strategies, origin, and request method.
11603	Calculate the occupancy of each grid point based on the given array of points and spacing.
11604	Write a GRO file with the given title, atoms, and box.
11605	Writes a PDB file containing a title, box, and atoms.
11606	Determines the number of molecules for each type based on total count, absolute numbers, and relative proportions.
11607	Adapt the size of a box for lipids by adjusting the dimensions based on their arrangement and area.
11608	Write a basic TOP topology file based on the molecules list, optionally writing to a specified output path or stderr with or without header information.
11609	Returns a stream for a resource file within the module.
11610	Send a message to a particular user, storing it in a cache for potential batching or queueing.
11611	Sends a message to a group of users with a specified level.
11612	Fetches messages for a given user and returns them if available, otherwise returns None.
11613	The function checks for messages for the authenticated user in the session and adds them to the messages framework if any are found.
11614	Checks the `config.json` file for default settings and auth values, retrieves necessary data, updates auth information if needed, and saves changes if specified.
11615	Verifies that the profile name exists in the config.json file and raises an exception if it doesn't.
11616	This function updates attributes of a message object with values from a configuration if the attributes are None.
11617	Retrieve auth from profile configuration and set in msg.auth attr.
11618	Updates the profile's config entry with values set in each attr by the user, overwriting existing values.
11619	Updates the profile's authentication entry with user-set values, overwriting existing values.
11620	Create a profile for a given message type if it is supported, requiring user acknowledgment and input for the profile name, data, and authentication.
11621	Display the required items needed to configure a profile for the given message type.
11622	Get user input for settings and return as a dictionary.
11623	Extracts authentication details from a user based on the specified message type.
11624	Create a profile entry in a JSON configuration file with the given message type, profile name, data, and authentication parameters.
11625	Write settings into the data portion of the configuration.
11626	Write the authentication settings into the configuration for the given profile and message type.
11627	Add attachments to the message with URLs and optionally update with parameters.
11628	Method to send a message via HTTP POST, supporting JSON and URL encoding formats.
11629	Constructs a message class based on the provided msg_type and sends it asynchronously if send_async is True, otherwise sends it synchronously.
11630	Create a message instance of a specified type using factory function with keyword arguments.
11631	A credential property factory that sets private attributes and returns obfuscated credentials when requested.
11632	A property factory that validates the input value of a specific attribute based on its type before setting it on an instance.
11633	This function validates input based on the message type by calling the appropriate validation function and returns 0 if successful, otherwise it returns 1.
11634	Validate input values for different attributes against specific criteria.
11635	Validates the input value based on the attribute.
11636	Validate WhatsApp input attributes, ensuring 'from_' and 'to' contain phone numbers formatted with '+' and attachments are valid URLs.
11637	Creates a running coroutine that receives message instances, sends them using a futures executor, and handles exceptions.
11638	Adds a message to the futures executor.
11639	Reads the message body from a file specified in the input dictionary.
11640	Return a dictionary with args having value of None or specified keys removed.
11641	Do some final preprocessing and send the message.
11642	Lookup chat_id of username if chat_id is unknown via API call.
11643	Send a message or document via HTTP POST request.
11644	Send a message with optional attachments and verbose debugging information.
11645	Return an SMTP server name guess from an outgoing email address or return (None, None) if no address is provided.
11646	Compose an email by assembling its header, body, and attachments.
11647	Add email header information to the `message` dictionary.
11648	Add body content of email.
11649	Add required attachments to an email message.
```
11650	Start a session with an email server using SSL or TLS based on the port, and log in with the provided credentials.
11651	Create and return an SMTP session with SSL context.
11652	Get an SMTP session with TLS
11653	Send an email message by constructing it, creating an email session, sending the message, and then stopping the session.
11654	Save metadata tags to a file.
11655	Releases renderer resources associated with this image and sets the handle to -1.
11656	Get a region of an image specified by coordinates, without copying the data, and return it as a new `Image`.
11657	Validate that all keys and values are valid Vorbis keys and Unicode/UTF-8 strings, raising a ValueError if any are invalid.
11658	Clears all keys from the comment.
11659	Return a string representation of the data with optional framing.
11660	Reads data chunks from a file.
11661	Removes a chunk from the file by deleting its bytes and adjusting the parent chunk's size if applicable.
11662	Update the size of a chunk and adjust the size of its parent chunk accordingly.
11663	Inserts a new chunk at the end of an IFF file with the specified ID.
11664	Saves the ID3v2 data to the AIFF file.
11665	Completely removes the ID3 chunk from the AIFF file and clears tracks in memory.
11666	Parses a C source file and adds its blocks to the processor's list.
11667	process a normal line and check whether it is the start of a new block
11668	List of QTextEdit.ExtraSelections which highlight brackets
11669	Draw a string using a given font at specified coordinates with optional alignment and word-wrapping.
11670	Parses an ISO 8601 time string and returns a timezone-aware (UTC) datetime.datetime instance.
11671	Converts a series of words into a line of HTML text by quoting each word and joining them with spaces.
11672	Return an HTML representation of a word, potentially including cross-references, italics, and bolds.
11673	Converts a list of words into tagged HTML text, handles xrefs, and formats special characters.
11674	Converts a code sequence to HTML by wrapping each line with HTML tags and adding a header and footer.
11675	Converts a list of items into valid HTML by joining lines and paragraphs.
11676	Saves the metadata to the given filename by appending or updating the "ilst" atom in the file.
11677	Update all parent atoms with the new size.
11678	Start running the game, initializing event handlers and the main event loop.
11679	Register a mapping for controllers with the given vendor and product IDs, replacing any existing mapping for these IDs for controllers not yet connected.
11680	Finds a mapping for a given controller in a registry and returns it, or None if no mapping is found.
11681	Registers a text key for MP4 freeform atoms in EasyMP4Tags.
11682	This method is used to sign a string using the user's secret access key with HMAC-SHA256 and return the Base64-encoded HMAC digest.
11683	Determines and returns the headers to send along with a request to Route53.
11684	Method for making outbound HTTP requests with different methods (GET, POST, DELETE) and handling the responses.
11685	Sends a GET request to the Route53 endpoint and returns the body of the response.
11686	Sends a POST request to the Route53 endpoint and returns the response body.
11687	Sends a DELETE request to the Route53 endpoint and returns the response body.
11688	Create an APEv2 tag value with the specified kind and ensures the value is of the correct type.
11689	Send an HTTP request using the Route53 API and parse the XML response using lxml's parser.
11690	Abstraction for handling autopaginated API calls by looping through multiple pages of results and yielding them as a generator.
11691	Lists all hosted zones associated with the connection's account using paginated API calls.
11692	Creates and returns a new hosted zone, handling optional parameters and returning details in a tuple.
11693	Lists a hosted zone's resource record sets by Zone ID, if you already know it.
11694	Given a ChangeSet, POST it to the Route53 API and return a dict of change info.
11695	Draws an image on a canvas at specified coordinates, optionally scaling and flipping it.
11696	Draws a rectangular region of an image at specified coordinates, mapping a subregion from texel-space to screen-space.
11697	Calculate total frame size considering packet lengths and header overhead
11698	Replace pages in a file while maintaining metadata and reordering the file accordingly.
11699	Finds the last page of a stream in a file object, handling both non-muxed and muxed streams.
11700	Sets the current section during parsing
11701	Add a new markup section by processing and appending it to the markups list, ensuring the last line of markup is not empty.
11702	Process a block content and return a list of DocMarkup objects corresponding to it.
11703	Provides the requested markup. Returns the corresponding DocMarkup if found and None otherwise.
11704	This function forms an XML string representing a request to create a new hosted zone in Route53 using the provided parameters.
11705	Attempts to lock a file object safely; returns whether the lock was successful.
11706	Inserts size bytes of empty space starting at the specified offset in an open file object.
11707	Called to delete a specified number of bytes from a file at a given offset, using either the `mmap` module or a slow fallback method in case `mmap` fails.
11708	Convert a basestring to a valid UTF-8 str.
11709	Adds a change to the change set with either a 'CREATE' or 'DELETE' action.
11710	Parses a ChangeInfo tag and extracts the request ID, request status, and submitted at time into a dictionary.
11711	The method calculates the width of a given string in the current font.
11712	Return True if this record set has been modified since the last retrieval or save.
11713	Delete this record set.
11714	Saves the existing record set by deleting and recreating it, while resetting modification tracking.
11715	Parse an ID3v1 tag and return a dictionary of ID3v2.4 frames.
11716	Convert a dictionary of ID3v2.4 frames into an ID3v1.1 tag string.
11717	Reads a specified number of bytes from the source file and raises an EOFError if the requested number of bytes is not available.
11718	This function deletes all tags of a given kind, including those that start with the specified key followed by a colon.
11719	Deprecated; use the add method.
11720	Updates ID3 tags for compatibility between v23 and v24 versions by handling "TCON" and "APIC" frames.
11721	Convert older tags into an ID3v2.4 tag and update the frames accordingly.
11722	Releases all resources associated with the sound.
11723	Plays the sound as a one-shot with optional gain, pan, and pitch modifications.
11724	Sets the loop points for a sound.
11725	Parses a string containing glyph names and their Unicode values, and returns two lists containing the glyph names and unicode values, respectively.
11726	filter out glyph names present in the filter list
11727	This function writes a list of encoding values to a file in a specific format, with each value formatted as a three-digit number and organized into lines with a maximum of 16 numbers per line.
11728	Dumps a given array of encoding into a C-style unsigned char array.
11729	Writes a PostScript file containing glyph names and related data.
11730	Checks if a given file exists by attempting to open it in read mode and handling any exceptions if the file cannot be accessed.
11731	Builds a list of input files from command-line arguments, expanding wildcards and removing non-existing files.
11732	Parses an XML element representing a Route53 hosted zone and returns a HostedZone object.
11733	Used to parse a DelegationSet tag and populate an existing HostedZone instance with the nameservers found in the tag.
11734	Render metadata blocks as byte strings.
11735	Consolidate FLAC padding metadata blocks by removing them and adding a single padding block with a size equal to the sum of the removed blocks' sizes plus an additional 4 bytes per removed header.
11736	Remove Vorbis comments from a file, using the most recently loaded file if no filename is specified.
11737	Saves metadata blocks to a file, optionally deleting ID3 headers, and adjusts padding as needed.
11738	Parses an Alias tag beneath a ResourceRecordSet to extract the hosted zone ID and DNS name, returning them as a tuple.
11739	Parse the values from the ResourceRecords tags in an XML element and return a list of resource record strings.
11740	Parse a ResourceRecordSet tag and return the appropriate ResourceRecordSet object for the tag.
11741	Deletes a hosted zone, optionally forcing the deletion if it contains record sets.
11742	Convenience method for creating ResourceRecordSets by handling common parameters and managing changes through ChangeSet.
11743	Creates and returns an A record attached to a specified hosted zone.
11744	Creates an AAAA DNS record for a given domain name with specified values and optional parameters, returning the newly created resource record set and change information.
11745	Create a CNAME record attached to a hosted zone with optional parameters for TTL, weight, region, and set identifier.
11746	Creates a MX record attached to this hosted zone and returns a tuple containing the newly created MXResourceRecordSet instance and change information.
11747	Create an NS record attached to a hosted zone and return the newly created record and change information.
11748	Creates a PTR record attached to this hosted zone and returns the newly created PTRResourceRecordSet instance and change_info.
11749	Creates a SPF record attached to a hosted zone and returns the newly created SPFResourceRecordSet instance along with change information.
11750	Creates an SRV record attached to a hosted zone and returns the newly created record along with change information.
11751	Creates a TXT record attached to this hosted zone and returns a tuple containing the newly created TXTResourceRecordSet instance and the change information.
11752	Registers a user-defined text frame key in an ID3 tag.
11753	Get change values for XML request in case of deletions from ResourceRecordSet._initial_vals dict and creations from attributes on ResourceRecordSet.
11754	Creates an XML element representing a DNS change.
11755	This function generates an XML string for updating DNS record sets using the Route53 API.
11756	Initiate log file with a timestamped filename and set up logging configuration.
11757	Gets an item by its alias using a stored mapping.
11758	Converts a dictionary into a sorted tuple of its key-value pairs, making it hashable.
11759	Returns a 2-tuple containing an HTML attributes template and a list of ordered values.
11760	Initialize an app to work with this extension by subscribing to app-level signals and integrating with Jinja template.
11761	Calls all initializers of bound navigation bars.
11762	Binds a navigation bar to the extension instance.
11763	Return the arguments as a dictionary to be passed to ``url_for``.
11764	Generate the final URL for a navigation item based on the endpoint and arguments, with an option to override it using `_url`.
11765	``True`` if current request has the same endpoint and arguments as the item, or a :class:`RuntimeError` is raised if not in a bound request context.
11766	Validates that a metric class has the required 'label' and 'widget' attributes.
11767	Fetches a statistics based on the given class name by looking it up in the registered statistics.
11768	This method calculates statistics for registered gadgets at given frequencies.
11769	Auto-discover INSTALLED_APPS gadgets.py modules and fail silently when not present. This forces an import on them to register any gadgets they may want.
11770	Return a CSV dump of a specified metric's counts and cumulative counts.
11771	Handles the "metrics" command based on the provided arguments, including listing, calculating, resetting, and recalculating statistics.
11772	Returns the GET array's contents for the specified variable, or an empty list if the variable is not found and fail_silently is True.
11773	Returns a boolean value from a GET request, converting string representations of 'true' or 't' to True, otherwise False.
11774	Gets the next colour in the Geckoboard colour list and cycles through them.
11775	Return the default GET parameters for a particular Geckoboard view request.
11776	Returns a number widget showing the cumulative total of a specified metric for the last 7 days, including the preceding 7 days for comparison if cumulative is True.
11777	Returns a tuple of tuples containing the latest count of each metric and its title, filtered based on the provided GET parameters.
11778	Retrieve and process data for a line chart based on a specified metric.
11779	Returns Geck-o-Meter control data for a specified metric.
11780	Endpoint to return a funnel chart for specified metrics.
11781	Returns all active statistics for the gadgets currently registered.
11782	Registers a gadget object, raising an error if it is already registered.
11783	The method retrieves the context for a view, including gadgets, columns, rows, and ratios, while updating with any additional keyword arguments.
11784	Print an error message and stop the command with a given code
11785	Decorator validates data according to a specific validictory schema and handles validation or schema errors.
11786	Get a multi-line string as input using a prompt until EOF is reached.
11787	Get a list of strings as input from the user, with the option to specify a maximum number of items and the length of each item.
11788	Gets an output file name as input and ensures it exists, offering to overwrite or create it if it doesn't.
11789	Retrieves the schedule information for a team-season for a given year and returns it as a DataFrame.
11790	Returns the team ID of the winning team or None if it's a tie.
11791	Returns the year ID of the season in which this game took place, adjusted by subtracting 1 if the month is January or February.
11792	Returns a DataFrame containing information about the starters from the PFR website, including player ID, name, position, team, home status, and offense status.
11793	Returns the type of playing surface from the game information table or np.nan if not available.
11794	Gets information relating to the opening coin toss, returning a dictionary with details about the toss winner and whether they deferred.
11795	Weather-related information is extracted from a parsed HTML table and returned as a dictionary.
11796	Retrieve and parse the set of capture referee IDs and positions from the "officials" table.
11797	Returns a DataFrame of schedule information for the season, filtered by whether it's for the regular season, playoffs, or both.
11798	Generates a DataFrame containing standings information by parsing standings tables from the current standings document.
11799	Returns a DataFrame containing team statistics parsed from an HTML table on a season page.
11800	Returns a DataFrame containing information about ROY voting.
11801	Returns the linescore for the game as a DataFrame.
11802	Returns the year ID of the season in which this game took place.
11803	Return a DataFrame of player stats from a game, cleaning and combining data for both teams.
11804	decorator that switches to given directory before executing function, and then returns to original directory.
11805	Caches the HTML returned by the specified function `func` in the user cache determined by the appdirs package and updates the cache if necessary.
11806	Returns a unique identifier for a class instantiation based on the class itself, its arguments, and keyword arguments.
11807	A decorator for memoizing functions that caches results based on arguments to improve performance and avoid redundant calculations.
11808	Calculate a player's age in years given a birthdate and a reference date.
11809	Retrieves a stats table from a player page and returns it as a DataFrame.
11810	Return a DataFrame of per-game box score stats.
11811	Returns a DataFrame of total box score statistics by season.
11812	Returns a DataFrame of per-36-minutes stats.
11813	Returns a DataFrame containing per-100-possession stats based on the specified kind and whether to include a summary.
11814	Returns a DataFrame of advanced stats.
11815	Returns a DataFrame of shooting stats.
11816	Returns a DataFrame of advanced play-by-play stats for a given kind.
11817	Returns a DataFrame of a player's basic game-by-game stats for a season.
11818	Handle a session variable in the current session and write the outcome
11819	Expands the details column of the given dataframe and returns the resulting DataFrame by parsing play details, merging the details with the original DataFrame, and applying cleaning functions.
11820	Adds 'team' and 'opp' columns to a DataFrame by iterating through rows and determining possession.
11821	Adds extra convenience features based on teams with and without possession to a DataFrame representing a game's play-by-play data.
11822	Calculate the initial win probability for a game based on its Vegas line.
11823	Retrieve yearly passing statistics for a player and return them as a Pandas DataFrame.
11824	Fetches and returns a list of years for a given award from a webpage.
11825	Returns the full name of a football team given its abbreviated ID by parsing a web page.
11826	r"Retrieves a list of BoxScore objects for a given year."
11827	Returns a PyQuery object containing the meta div p tag text content that contains the given keyword during the specified year.
11828	Returns an array of head coach IDs for each game of a given season, including playoffs.
11829	Return a DataFrame with schedule information for a given year.
11830	Returns the coach ID for the team's Offensive Coordinator in a given year.
11831	Returns the coach ID for the team's DC in a given year.
11832	Returns the stadium ID for a given year.
11833	Returns the offensive scheme of a team for a given year.
11834	Returns the name of the defensive alignment the team ran in the given year from a parsed string.
11835	Returns a DataFrame of offensive team splits for a season.
11836	Makes a GET request to the specified URL, applies throttling, raises an error for 4xx status codes, and returns the HTML content without comments.
11837	Flattens relative URLs within text of a table cell to IDs and returns the result.
11838	Converts a relative URL to a unique ID based on supported types including player, boxscores, teams, years, leagues, awards, coaches, officials, schools, and high schools.
11839	Converts keyword arguments to a querystring by mapping and validating input values.
11840	The `_Streamer__read_process` method reads data from a HDF5 file in parallel processes, using a circular buffer to store the read data, and synchronizing the reads using barriers and a guard synchronizer to ensure the data is written in the correct order.
11841	Provides direct access to a buffer element, blocking until space is available, and returns a guard object to manage it.
11842	Allows direct access to the buffer element, blocking until data is available, and returns a guard object for managing the read index.
11843	Close the queue, signaling that no more data can be put into the queue.
11844	Get a block of data from the node at path.
11845	Get the remainder elements of a dataset and return them as a numpy array.
11846	Create a queue to access internal buffer of a dataset with options to read in parallel and specify block size, cyclic, and order of blocks.
11847	Get a generator that iterates over rows in a dataset, yielding one row at a time, including remainder elements.
11848	Parse a stream of protobuf messages from a file-like or file-path object.
11849	Write list of protobuf message objects to a stream.
11850	Read a varint from a file, parse it, and return the decoded integer.
11851	Returns a generator that yields all protobuf object data in the file, parsing the stream encoding.
11852	Close the stream.
11853	Write a group of one or more protobuf objects to the file, buffering and flushing as specified.
11854	Write down buffer to the file.
11855	Returns joined game directory path relative to Steamapps depending on the presence of username and whether the game is common or not.
11856	Emulate user interactions with text inputs by sending key-down action on the first char and then the rest of the text.
11857	Generate a 2D fake fluorescence movie with specified parameters.
11858	Evaluates traits and returns descriptions of those that are not true, evaluating all traits if LAZY_EVALUATION is False.
11859	Waits until a condition is met or a non-None value is returned, raising a TimeoutException if the condition is not met within a specified timeout.
11860	Waits until all traits are present on an element, raising a TimeoutException if any trait is still missing after the specified timeout.
11861	Set a list of exceptions to be ignored inside a wait loop.
11862	Executes the Main.Volume command and returns the result as an integer, or None if an error occurs.
11863	Executes the Main.Source command and returns the result as an integer, or None if an error occurs.
11864	Send a command to the amplifier.
11865	Returning the status of the device as a dictionary with keys 'volume', 'power', 'muted', and 'source'.
11866	Power the device off.
11867	Power the device on if it is not already powered on.
11868	Sets the device volume to an integer value between 0 and 200, converting it to a hexadecimal format before sending the command.
11869	Changes the selected source on a device if it is currently powered on and the source is not already selected.
11870	Return a HttpResponse from the source view after deobfuscating the URL.
11871	Generate a CRC-32 checksum of the input plaintext, ensuring the value stays within the integer range.
11872	Obfuscate a URL or text by encrypting it with a secret key and optionally adding SEO-friendly text.
11873	Extracts a list of downloadable songs from an HTML page and prints it along with a message indicating that a specific song is not found.
11874	Extracts and cleans all hyperlinks and associated names from an HTML page.
11875	Determines if the user entered a song name and, if so, returns the link for the highest available audio quality.
11876	It parses a resource URL to find a song or returns a list of songs that can be downloaded.
11877	Constructs and returns a Google search URL based on the given song name and website.
11878	Retrieve the first URL from a Google search HTML response.
11879	Retrieve the URL from which a music file can be downloaded based on the song name and website.
11880	Method that downloads an HTML page from a given URL and returns the HTML response.
11881	Downloads a file from a specified URL using the requests module.
11882	This method downloads a file from a specified URL using the wget utility of Linux.
11883	Lookup AQI database for station codes in a given city based on a provided token.
11884	Return geolocated observation data for given coordinates and authentication token.
11885	Decodes an AQICN observation response JSON into a Python object.
11886	Request station data for a specific station identified by code and return the parsed observation response if the request is successful, otherwise return an empty dictionary.
11887	Generates a list of search paths based on the asset's path and whether it contains an 'index' file with the same suffix.
11888	Return a list of compilers used to build assets.
11889	Returns the MIME type of the asset.
11890	Determines the MIME type of an asset based on its compilers, returning the first available MIME type or None if none are found.
11891	Determines the file extension for the asset based on the compiler's mimetype.
11892	Register a processor for a specific mimetype.
11893	Remove the specified processor for the given MIME type if it exists.
11894	The method returns a list of search paths built from registered finders with a 'paths' property, which can be useful for compilers to resolve internal dependencies.
11895	Register default compilers, preprocessors and MIME types.
11896	Imports the appropriate Qt bindings for use within IDA Pro.
11897	Returns the netnode used to store settings metadata in the current IDB.
11898	Add the given plugin name to the list of plugin names registered in the current IDB.
11899	Given a plugin name, remove it from the list of registered plugin names in the current IDB.
11900	Import settings from the given file system path to given settings instance.
11901	Export the given settings instance to the given file system path.
11902	Retrieve the IDASettings instance for the current plugin with directory scope.
11903	Enumerate the unique keys found at any scope for the current plugin.
11904	Returns the appropriate response for given exceptions.
11905	Returns a given table for the given user.
11906	Returns a list of tables for the given user.
11907	Fetches packages and summary from Crates.io based on the specified category.
11908	Extracts a unique identifier from an item based on its type, either using the item's 'id' or converting a 'fetched_on' timestamp to a timestamp string.
11909	Extracts the update time from an item and converts it to a UNIX timestamp.
11910	Base method for retrieving the owner team of a crate.
11911	Base method for retrieving owner user of a crate.
11912	Base method for retrieving crate versions data.
11913	Base method for retrieving crate version downloads.
11914	This interface is used to retrieve and parse data for a specified crate.
11915	Get Crates.io summary
11916	Fetch crates in alphabetical order
11917	Get a crate by its ID
11918	Get crate attribute.
11919	Fetch items from Crates.io API using pagination and yield raw content.
11920	Fetch a generator of questions from the Kitsune url with an optional category and offset.
11921	Fetches items from a Kitsune URL based on a specified category and offset, handling pagination and errors gracefully.
11922	Generator that retrieves questions from older to newer updated starting from a given offset.
11923	A method that retrieves items from a ReMo URL based on a given category and offset.
11924	Extracts and converts the update time from a ReMo item to a UNIX timestamp.
11925	Extracts the category from a ReMo item based on unique fields like 'estimated_attendance', 'activity', or 'first_name'.
11926	Retrieve all items for a given category using pagination and yield them.
11927	raises AttributeError if the instance is in AIOBLOCK_MODE_POLL mode; otherwise, returns the buffer list.
11928	Return the IO priority for this instance based on the aio_reqprio if the IOCB_FLAG_IOPRIO is set, otherwise return None.
11929	Cancels all pending IO blocks, waits for non-cancellable ones to finish, and de-initializes the AIO context.
11930	Submit transfers and return the number of successfully submitted blocks.
11931	Cancel an IO block and return the event data or None if the kernel returned EINPROGRESS.
11932	Cancels all submitted IO blocks and returns a list of cancellation values.
11933	Collects a list of event data from submitted IO blocks based on minimum and maximum number of events, and optional timeout.
11934	A method that fetches events from a MozillaClub URL using the feed API REST and returns them as a generator.
11935	Retrieve all cells from the spreadsheet
11936	Parse the MozillaClub spreadsheet feed cells JSON and yield valid events.
11937	List export formats based on the given pid type.
11938	Return the default permission factory for the current object.
11939	Factory that creates an Invenio-Records-UI blueprint with routes for endpoints, tombstone error handling, and export formats.
11940	Create a Werkzeug URL rule for a specific endpoint with various optional parameters.
11941	Display a record view by resolving the PID and record, checking permissions, and calling the view method.
11942	A function that displays the default view by sending a record viewed signal and rendering a specified template.
11943	Serializes a record with a given format and renders an export template.
11944	Measure the execution time of a provided callable and send a Timer metric with the duration.
11945	Close the socket to free system resources. Multiple calls to close will have no effect.
11946	Remove a client from the socket's client list, and close the socket if it has no more clients.
11947	Increment a Counter metric by the specified count and rate.
11948	Send a Timer metric with the specified duration in milliseconds.
11949	Send a Timer metric calculating the duration from the start time.
11950	Send a Gauge metric with the specified value, ensuring it is numeric and respecting the send rate.
11951	Send a GaugeDelta metric to change a Gauge by the specified value.
11952	Send a Set metric with the specified unique value.
11953	Override the parent method by buffering the input data instead of sending it immediately, and then extend the last batch for storage.
11954	Factory that creates BatchClient objects with same settings of the client.
11955	Return a client with the same settings as the batch client.
11956	Send buffered metrics to a remote address in batch requests.
11957	Create a permission checker class with a `can` method that checks if a record's access level is 'open'.
11958	Return a TCP batch client with the same settings as the TCP client.
11959	Send and remove all buffered metrics in batch requests over TCP.
11960	Return a TCPClient with the same settings as the batch TCP client.
11961	creates user with specified permissions and groups
11962	Assuming the input is a Python object, attempts to convert it into an OpenMath object.
11963	Converts a term into OpenMath using a converter if provided, or falls back to interpretAsOpenMath if not.
11964	Convert OpenMath object to Python
11965	Converts a Python object to OpenMath by iterating through a list of converters.
11966	Register a Python class to an OpenMath converter.
11967	Register a conversion from OpenMath to Python, either using a content dictionary and name, or using a subclass of OMAny and a conversion function.
11968	Initializes Redis with the app object and sets up a before_request handler.
11969	Retrieve list of keys from a dictionary where the values are either lists or tuples.
11970	Given a dictionary of keyword arguments for a model, it separates them into those that correspond to model fields and those that correspond to subfields of model fields.
11971	Decorator to register form field data function.
11972	Returns the value generated by a function from a registry based on the provided field type, raises an error if no matching function is found.
11973	Given a form class and keyword arguments, returns a tuple containing form data and files.
11974	Marks a field as required and returns None if the field is not required and a random number is less than 0.1.
11975	Select a random choice from the field's widget choices if available.
11976	Generate a random decimal value that conforms to the specified field constraints.
11977	Return random value for EmailField
11978	Generate a random date value for a `DateField` based on optional start and end dates, and a random date format.
11979	Returns a random value for a DateTimeField in the specified date range and format.
11980	Return a random float value within the specified min and max range for a FloatField, with optional precision specified in kwargs.
11981	Return random value for IntegerField within specified min and max range
11982	Generates a random time value in a specified format.
11983	Return a random value for a ChoiceField.
11984	Return a random value for a MultipleChoiceField in Django.
11985	Return a random item from the first ten results of a queryset, or raise an error if no results are available.
11986	Encodes an OpenMath element into a string and returns it in bytes.
11987	Deploys the app to PYPI.
11988	Deploy a version tag by building a new tag with the specified version number and pushing it to the remote repository.
11989	Check if a field is blank or null, and if so, return None with a 10% probability.
11990	Evaluates an OpenMath symbol describing a global Python object by importing the specified module and retrieving the attribute with the given name.
11991	Apply the setstate protocol to initialize `inst` from `state`.
11992	Converts a list of OM objects into an OM object.
11993	Converts a tuple of OM objects into an OM object.
11994	Decodes a PackBit encoded data.
11995	Encodes data using PackBits encoding.
11996	Formats a floating-point number to a fixed precision, addressing binary rounding issues.
11997	Formats a number with comma-separated thousands and custom precision/decimal places, optionally localizing by overriding settings.
11998	Formats a number into currency using specified options.
11999	Imports a blosc array into a numpy array.
12000	Converts a numpy array into a Blosc-compressed byte string.
12001	Add a workspace entry in user config if it doesn't already exist.
12002	Remove workspace from config file.
12003	List all available workspaces.
12004	Retrieves workspace information by name and returns it if found, otherwise returns None.
12005	Check if a repository exists within a workspace.
12006	Synchronizes workspace's repositories and updates the configuration file.
12007	Clones a repository using the appropriate adapter based on the URL.
12008	Checks if the installed version of ndio is up-to-date and prints a message if an update is available.
12009	Converts a boolean numpy array to a list of voxel (True) positions.
12010	Converts a list of voxel coordinates to a 3D numpy array with populated voxels marked as 1.
12011	Execute update subcommand, printing workspace or all contents based on arguments.
12012	Print the repository update with a green-colored message, update the repository, and handle any repository errors gracefully.
12013	Set console handler with logging level based on debug mode.
12014	Execute a command using os.popen and return the output, logging the command execution, standard output, standard error, and exit code.
12015	Import a PNG file into a NumPy array.
12016	Export a numpy array to a png file.
12017	Exports a numpy array to a set of png files, with each Z-index 2D array as its own 2D file.
12018	Print workspace status
12019	Displays the status of a specified Git repository by printing its name and path in green color, and then listing its status or any encountered errors.
12020	Gets the block size for a given token at a given resolution, using the minimum available resolution if none is specified.
12021	The method packages up data, compresses it using Blosc, constructs a URL, sends a POST request with the compressed data, and returns True if the request is successful.
12022	Method to import a TIFF file into a numpy array.
12023	Export a numpy array to a TIFF file and return the expanded filename.
12024	r Converts a multipage TIFF file into a 3D array with dimensions x, y, and z.
12025	Writes the configuration data as a YAML string to a file.
12026	Clone repository from url.
12027	Get version of the "yoda" package from its resources.
12028	Returns a string greeting a person with an optional exclamation mark.
12029	Returns a greeting message for the given name with or without yelling.
12030	Requests a list of next-available-IDs from the server.
12031	Calls a RESTful endpoint to merge multiple RAMON objects into one, optionally deleting one of the objects after merging.
12032	Propagate a token and channel to a remote server and check if it was successful.
12033	Lists projects related to a given dataset by making an API request and returning the response as a dictionary.
12034	Returns a dictionary containing information about a specific dataset.
12035	This method retrieves datasets from resources, either all public datasets in the cloud or the user's public datasets, and returns them in JSON format.
12036	Parse the show subcommand to display workspace details with options to show all workspaces or a specific workspace by name.
12037	Exits after showing the selected project workspace
12038	Show a specific workspace's details, including its path, number of repositories, and a list of repositories with their paths and SCM types.
12039	Show details for all workspaces
12040	Returns the base URL of the Remote.
12041	Guess the appropriate data type from file extension.
12042	Reads in a file from disk and returns its contents as a numpy.ndarray if the file format is supported (png, jpg, tiff, tif, jpeg).
12043	Converts a file from one format to another, guessing the formats if not explicitly provided.
12044	Builds a graph using the graph-services endpoint with specified project, site, subject, session, scan, size, email, invariants, fiber file, atlas file, use_threads, and callback.
12045	Compute invariants from an existing GraphML file using remote graph services.
12046	Convert a graph from one format to another.
12047	Converts a list of RAMON objects to a dictionary indexed by ID.
12048	Converts a string or integer to a corresponding RAMON class type.
12049	Deletes a channel given its name, project, and dataset, returning True on success.
12050	Add a new dataset to the ingest with various parameters including name, image size, voxel resolution, offset, time range, scaling levels, and scaling method.
12051	Generate a nested dictionary in ND JSON format.
12052	Return a dictionary containing the dataset information with optional parameters
12053	Generate the project dictionary with the specified parameters.
12054	Generate a dictionary containing project information with optional token_name and public status.
12055	Identify the size of an image based on its file type and path.
12056	Try to post JSON data to the server and handle exceptions if the request fails.
12057	Returns a list of paths for the given workspace and/or repository.
12058	Retrieve a list of public tokens available on the server.
12059	Return the project info for a given token in JSON format.
12060	Inserts new metadata into the OCP metadata database.
12061	Called when a datagram is received over a stream.
12062	Method for making a POST request to a given URL with optional token authentication, JSON data, or form data and returning the request object.
12063	HTTP DELETE request to the specified URL with an authentication token.
12064	Extracts data from a HDF5 file and returns it as a numpy array.
12065	Export a numpy array to a HDF5 file and return the expanded filename.
12066	Adds a character matrix to a DendroPy tree and infers gaps using Fitch's algorithm.
12067	A method that takes an `NvimIORecover` object and returns an `NvimIO` object after applying a `map` operation using `flat_map_nvim_io`.
12068	Install gettext and ngettext functions into Jinja2's environment.
12069	This function ensures exclusive access to a state using a lock, executes a thunk to update the state, and returns a response.
12070	Calculate a percentage value from a given part of the total data, rounding to one decimal place.
12071	Retrieves statistics information for one or all memcached servers.
12072	Returns slab information for a given server.
12073	Adds admin global context for compatibility with Django 1.7.
12074	Server status handler which returns the status of all servers including cache statistics and slabs availability.
12075	Displays the Memcache dashboard with cache statistics or an error message if unable to connect to a server.
12076	Server statistics display for a given server name.
12077	Show server slabs
12078	Converts a byte value into a human-readable format (GB, MB, KB, or B).
12079	Finds a config in the given children, either from a kwarg named 'config', other kwargs, or a directory with one.
12080	Add objects to the environment, creating directories or other objects based on input and applying configuration and preparation.
12081	Replace any config tokens in the file's path with values from the config.
12082	Returns the path to the file relative to its parent.
12083	Read and return the contents of the file.
12084	Writes data to a file using the specified mode.
12085	Configure the Python logging module for this file by setting up a file handler and formatter, and adding it to the specified loggers.
12086	Create a file if it does not already exist, otherwise raise an exception.
12087	Replace any config tokens with values from the config.
12088	Return the path to this directory.
12089	Remove a directory either recursively or non-recursively, and optionally handle errors.
12090	Prepare the Directory for use in an Environment. Create the directory if the create flag is set and recursively prepare its children.
12091	Base method for cleaning up children and removing the directory if the cleanup flag is set.
12092	Method returns the path to something inside the current directory by joining the current path with the given path.
12093	Returns a list of files in the directory specified by `self.path`.
12094	Writes data to a file in the directory.
12095	Read a file from the directory.
12096	Add objects to the directory.
12097	Save the state to a file using YAML format.
12098	Load a saved state file.
12099	Delete the file at `self.path` if it exists.
12100	Loads plugins from the specified directory by traversing it recursively, identifying Python modules, and loading those that implement a subclass of the Plugin class.
12101	Recursively merge values from a nested dictionary into another nested dictionary.
12102	Return a ConfigNode object representing a child node with the specified relative path.
12103	Returns a tuple containing a reference to the last container in the path and the last component in the key path.
12104	Retrieve the value represented by the node using its path or direct data.
12105	Updates the configuration with new data and options, handling both `data` and `options` dictionaries.
12106	The `load` method loads the config and defaults from files, initializes the object with the loaded data, applies environment variables if specified, and sets a flag indicating that the object has been loaded.
12107	Convert a string by replacing '{config:' variable names with their values from the config dictionary.
12108	Builds a Twilio callback URL for confirming message delivery status.
12109	Handle input from a socket, logging errors and closing the connection if necessary, then process the connection.
12110	Send output on socket when it is write-ready, handling exceptions and closing connection if necessary.
12111	Helper method for sending an RPC request message
12112	Read from a network socket and process the data, handling various exceptions and returning the number of bytes processed or indicating the end of socket input.
12113	Write data to the network layer, handling blocking and non-blocking sockets, and manage exceptions accordingly.
12114	Decorator that prevents callbacks from calling into methods that are not reentrant.
12115	Return a map containing the non-default settle modes as provided by the remote.
12116	Assign addresses, properties, and handle dynamic node properties for a link.
12117	Return the source address of the link.
12118	Return the authoritative target address of the link based on whether it is a receiver.
12119	Handle a closed remote session by processing its state or marking the link as failed.
12120	Creates a new sender link using the provided name and returns the associated sender instance.
12121	Create a sender link from a request.
12122	Creates a new receiver link using the provided name.
12123	Create a link from a request intended for a receiver.
12124	Remove a link and close the session if no more links exist.
12125	Logs the session close request and notifies all linked sessions.
12126	Handle an endpoint state change event by transitioning to a new state and optionally invoking an event handler.
12127	Modifies inline patterns and adds a new pattern for the 'mark' tag.
12128	Log the condition, close the receiver link, and set the done flag.
12129	Log a warning and close the receiver link when a protocol error occurs.
12130	Parses the hostname and port out of a server address.
12131	Create a TCP connection to the server.
12132	Create a TCP listening socket for server.
12133	Determine which connections need processing, returning lists of connections that need to read from, write to, and have timers expire, with the latter sorted by expiration time.
12134	Decorator that prevents callbacks from calling into methods that are not reentrant
12135	Perform connection state processing including SASL authentication and timer events.
12136	Return a buffer of data to be written to the network.
12137	Create a_sender link.
12138	Rejects the SenderLink and destroys the handle.
12139	Create a new receiver link with the specified parameters.
12140	Logs an error message when a connection failure is detected and sets the error attribute.
12141	Log a debug message when both ends of the endpoint become active and notify the handler if it exists.
12142	Handle the case where the remote ends the connection and call the handler method.
12143	Handle a protocol error in the endpoint state machine of a connection.
12144	This decorator provides several helpful shortcuts for writing Twilio views by ensuring only requests from Twilio are passed through, exempting the view from CSRF checks, allowing the view to return TwiML or `twilio.Verb` objects directly, and handling the response appropriately.
12145	Adobe output string for defining colors
12146	Given a search path, find and categorize TrueType font files by their names under specified conditions.
12147	Sets the compression attribute to a boolean value, raises an exception if the input is not a boolean.
12148	Adds an object to the buffer and returns it, optionally overwriting a placeholder.
12149	Stores the PDF code in a buffer, optionally related to a page object.
12150	Creates a PDF text stream sandwich.
12151	Adds a new page to the PDF document and adds the given text to the new page.
12152	Sets default color schemes for drawing, filling, and text.
12153	An internal method sets the initial default font for a PDF session, updates its index, and appends it to the fonts and fontkeys lists.
12154	Adds a PDF page to the session, either using a default page or a provided page, and resets the font and colors.
12155	Convenience method to change the font size if it's different from the current size.
12156	This function adds text to a PDF page at a specified cursor position, applying the provided font, color, and justification adjustments, and handles both single and multi-line text inputs.
12157	Add multiple lines to the current page.
12158	Add a pie chart to a PDF document.
12159	Creates PDF page objects and their contents.
12160	Return a list of page indices that have orientation changes.
12161	Prompt the creation of font objects by the PDFLite object.
12162	Creates reference images that can be drawn throughout the document.
12163	Prompts the creation of PDF image objects with various attributes and parameters.
12164	Adjust the current transformation state of the graphics state matrix.
12165	Given x and y coordinates in a matrix, return the absolute position in user space.
12166	The provided method sets the style for text properties such as bold, underline, or italic, and handles specific cases for symbol and Zapfdingbats families by resetting the style and underline properties.
12167	Rotates a point relative to the mesh origin by a specified angle using trigonometric calculations.
12168	Given properties, set their values in the object where they exist.
12169	This function sets the default viewing options for a document, including zoom and layout mode.
12170	Closes an object by generating and saving its PDF code.
12171	Write the standard first line in a PDF file and optionally add compression control characters to the buffer.
12172	Handles the creation of the "Pages" object for a PDF document, including setting the Kids list and MediaBox.
12173	Creates PDF reference to resource objects.
12174	Create a PDF Information object with various metadata fields.
12175	Output:
Create a catalog object with optional actions for zoom mode and page layout.
12176	This function calculates the final trailer for a PDF file, including cross-reference table, MD5 hash of metadata, object numbers, root and info pointers, ID, and startxref.
12177	Detects cycles in iterables or sequences using Floyd's Cycle-Finding Algorithm and raises a CycleFound exception when a cycle is detected.
12178	Detects a cycle in a sequence and raises a CycleDetected exception if a cycle is found.
12179	Gosper's cycle detector yields values from the given sequence and raises a CycleDetected exception if a cycle is found.
12180	Brent's Cycle Detector algorithm to find a cycle in a sequence and raises an exception if a cycle is found.
12181	Given a test length, check if the line can accommodate the length without exceeding the maximum x-coordinate.
12182	Checks if a page has enough vertical space for a given text height.
12183	Determine if the x-coordinate of the current instance is greater than the x-coordinate of another instance.
12184	Determine whether the y-coordinate of the object is greater than that of another object.
12185	Create a copy of the current cursor and return it with the same bounds and deltas.
12186	Mutable x addition with an optional delta value.
12187	Add a value to the y-coordinate, either using a default delta value or a specified value.
12188	Draw a table by compiling, advancing the first row, setting borders, filling, drawing borders, and adding text.
12189	Creates a new label with an optional description and color, and returns the response.
12190	Get all current labels.
12191	Return a list of labels that match the given name.
12192	Update a Label by providing a dictionary with the required keys: id, appearance, description, name, and title. Returns a dictionary.
12193	Delete the specified label.
12194	Create a new tag with the specified label ID.
12195	A function that retrieves all current tags from Logentries and returns them as a list of dictionaries, filtering by type 'tagit'. It may raise a ServerException if there is an error from Logentries.
12196	Get tags by a label's sn key and return a list of matching tags.
12197	Create a hook by sending a post request with the hook name, regexes, tag ids, and logs.
12198	Get all current hooks.
12199	Update a hook with new data.
12200	Create a new alert with various configurable parameters.
12201	Get alerts that match the specified alert type and args.
12202	Updating an alert with specified parameters through a POST request.
12203	Initialize a Sphinx extension for a SageMath document with settings for todo lists, mathjax, intersphinx, extlinks, and a specific HTML theme.
12204	Method retrieves the location of the themes directory from the package's location.
12205	A wrapper for posting requests to the Logentries API.
12206	Retrieve and return a dictionary of all log sets and their corresponding log keys, while raising an exception if an error occurs.
12207	Fetches a specific log or log set from the Logentries API and returns the response as a JSON object.
12208	Finds a slider attacker on a chessboard by examining the positions of the attacker piece and the occupied spaces.
12209	Calculate the approximate transit duration for an eccentric orbit.
12210	This method updates transit keyword arguments, validates them, and then updates the limbdark, transit, and settings objects with the valid keywords.
12211	Computes the light curve model.
12212	Bins the model's light curve to a new time array based on the provided arrays and settings.
12213	Frees the memory used by dynamically allocated C arrays.
12214	Reads data from the socket and writes it to a buffer, raising a NNTPError if the read fails or times out.
12215	Read a line of data from the server, handling buffer reads and additional data requests as necessary. Yield the line of data when available.
12216	Generator that reads a block of data from the server, attempting to read from the internal buffer first and requesting more data from the server if necessary.
12217	Reads a command response status and returns a tuple of status code and message, raising appropriate exceptions for protocol errors and temporary/permanent errors.
12218	Dispatcher for determining which info generator to use based on code and message.
12219	Return the complete content of a textual response.
12220	Sends a command to the server, handles authentication if necessary, and returns the status code and message.
12221	Method for determining the capabilities of the server.
12222	Confirm that message was published successfully.
12223	Tells the server to close the connection, raising an error if the reply code is not 205, and then closes the client's socket.
12224	Return UTC datetime object formatted from DATE command response.
12225	Provides a short summary of commands understood by the usenet server.
12226	Generates a list of newsgroups created on the server since a specified timestamp using a generator function.
12227	Generates and yields message-ids for articles created since a specified timestamp in newsgroups matching a given pattern.
12228	Retrieves a list of message-ids for articles created since a specified timestamp for newsgroups matching a given pattern.
12229	Generates a list of active newsgroups that match the specified pattern, using a generator function.
12230	Generates a generator for the LIST ACTIVE.TIMES command, yielding newsgroup names, creation dates, and creators.
12231	Generates a list of newsgroups including the name and a short description using a LIST NEWSGROUPS command.
12232	Generate a generator for the LIST OVERVIEW.FMT command, which yields the formatted overview of newsgroup messages.
12233	Generator for the LIST EXTENSIONS command.
12234	Generates a list of elements based on a keyword.
12235	Takes a keyword and an argument, and returns a list of items based on the keyword and argument.
12236	Process NNTP GROUP command to retrieve group information.
12237	Handles the "NEXT" command, parses the server's response to extract the article number and identifier, and returns them.
12238	Parse and decode an NNTP ARTICLE message.
12239	Execute the HEAD command, retrieve and parse the headers of a news article.
12240	Handles the BODY command in NNTP, parses and decodes the message body if required, and returns the decoded body content.
12241	Sends the XGTITLE command to an NNTP server and returns the server's response.
12242	Send an XHDR command to the server.
12243	XZHDR command to fetch article headers from a news server, optionally for a specific message-id range.
12244	Returns a generator for the XOVER command, which returns information from the overview database for the specified article range.
12245	A generator for the XPAT command that returns lines of information after executing the command.
12246	Return a list of results from the XPAT command for the given header, id_range, and pattern.
12247	XFEATURE COMPRESS GZIP command.
12248	Performs a POST request to an NNTP server with the given headers and body, and returns the message-id if successful, or True otherwise
12249	Parse timezone to offset in seconds.
12250	Parses a datetime string into a Unix timestamp using fast custom parsing for common formats or the slow dateutil parser for others.
12251	Parses a datetime string into a datetime object using fast custom parsing for common formats or the slow dateutil parser for other formats.
12252	Posts data to a specified URL using a session with custom headers and returns the JSON response.
12253	Make a DELETE request and raise an exception if the response is not OK.
12254	Convenience method for getting data from a URL using an API session, handling errors and returning the response as JSON.
12255	List all scheduled queries
12256	List all tags for the account.
12257	Return list of matching tags based on provided name or ID.
12258	Create an inactivity alert with specified configurations and trigger conditions.
12259	Delete the specified InactivityAlert using the given tag ID and raise a ServerException if there is an error from Logentries.
12260	This method creates a scheduled query for anomaly reporting by constructing a query payload and making a POST request to the Logentries API.
12261	Create an anomaly alert by sending two requests to Logentries: one to create a "scheduled_query" and another to create the alert.
12262	Deletes a specified anomaly alert tag and its associated scheduled query.
12263	Unparse a range argument and convert it to a string that can be used by an NNTP command.
12264	Parse a newsgroup info line and return a tuple of group name, low-water, high-water, and posting status.
12265	Parse a header line.
12266	Convert a dictionary of headers to a string suitable for use in an NNTP POST.
12267	Handles a POST request by reading and printing the client address, headers, path, and body.
12268	Run the tests specified by the input strings.
12269	Returns a formatted docstring from a list of default values, including a header and footer.
12270	Decorator to append default keyword arguments to a function's docstring.
12271	Add default values to the class docstring
12272	Set the value after bounds and type checking.
12273	Checks if the value being assigned matches the expected data type, raising a TypeError if there is a mismatch unless either the value or the expected data type is None.
12274	Returns the current value, caching the result if not already computed.
12275	Type-check the value to ensure it can be cast to a scalar or a size 1 numpy array/list.
12276	Return the symmetric error, which is the average of the low and high asymmetric errors if they exist, or 0 if there are no errors or the errors are not a scalar.
12277	Set the parameter error estimate.
12278	This interface sets various attributes (value, bounds, free, errors) of an object based on keyword arguments, invoking hooks for type-checking and bounds-checking if implemented by subclasses.
12279	Read the JSON file, parse into a dictionary, and create or update metrics using API calls.
12280	Extract required fields from an array and store them in a dictionary using metric names as keys.
12281	This method filters metrics based on a regex pattern stored in `filter_expression`. It updates the `metrics` attribute with the filtered results.
12282	Make a JSON RPC call to a meter.
12283	Parse and return an expression terminal from the given text.
12284	A function that parses a given text to identify and return an operator token.
12285	Tag that will obtain listing of top objects for a given category and store them in context under given name.
12286	Initialize properties and track required and derived ones with appropriate book-keeping.
12287	Returns a list of Parameter objects based on the provided names or all if none are specified.
12288	Return an array with the parameter values from a list of `Parameter` objects.
12289	Returns an array with the parameter errors for the specified parameters or all parameters if no list is provided.
12290	Reset the value of all Derived properties to None.
12291	Validate and set the HTTP method.
12292	Gets the configuration stored in environment variables for TSP (TrueSight Performance Analytics).
12293	Encodes URL parameters if they are present.
12294	Send an HTTP GET request with specified URL, data, headers, and authentication.
12295	HTTP Delete Request that sends a DELETE request to the specified URL with the provided data, headers, and authentication credentials.
12296	Send an HTTP POST request with the specified URL, data, headers, and authentication credentials.
12297	Send an HTTP PUT request to the specified URL with the provided data, headers, and authentication credentials.
12298	Make an API call to retrieve and log the metric definition response.
12299	Check that the scene name is valid and whether the remote file exists.
12300	This method verifies the type of satellite and returns its ID and associated stations.
12301	Retrieves the size of a remote file in bytes by opening a URL connection and parsing the 'Content-Length' header.
12302	Base method for downloading a remote .tar.bz file and extracting images based on specified bands.
12303	Validate that the bands parameter is a list of valid bands.
12304	Method for establishing a connection to Earth Explorer and authenticating a user with their credentials.
12305	Create a callable that checks if a name starts with a given prefix.
12306	Return a datetime.tzinfo implementation for the given timezone.
12307	Correct the timezone information on the given datetime
12308	Joins an iterable by a delimiter, replacing instances of the delimiter in items with an escape sequence.
12309	Returns a list of positions in the text where newline characters occur, aiding in efficient coordinate lookup.
12310	Returns a formatted string highlighting a specific position in a source code with surrounding context and a pointer.
12311	Converts and prints output results in a textual format with timestamps.
12312	Apply the criteria to filter out unwanted data from the relays output.
12313	Initialize the object based on a list of fortune files.
12314	Initialize a fortune-telling system based on a list of files with specified chances.
12315	pypyr step that checks if a file or directory path exists.
12316	rule = identifier , "=" , expression , ";" ;
12317	Performs special handling on the input text by attempting to process it and wrapping the identifier in a special handling token.
12318	Generate or retrieve the parsed grammar tree for the input source.
12319	Extract the rules from the grammar and store them as AST rules.
12320	Method for retrieving comments from the AST.
12321	Parses and returns the directives from the comments of an object, caching the result for efficiency.
12322	Generate the Python source code of the parser from the input source.
12323	Generate Python source code for the parser.
12324	Reads the directives and generates source code for custom imports.
12325	Returns the Python source code for the Parser TokenType enum.
12326	Builds the class definition of the parser.
12327	Gets the entry_point value for the parser.
12328	Generate source code for a rule.
12329	Gets the variable part of the source code for a rule.
12330	Return the source code text for transforming a rule, which can be either retyped, compressed, or left alone based on the rule's arguments.
12331	Convert an expression to an Abstract Syntax Tree Node.
12332	Converts a parse tree node into an abstract syntax tree node.
12333	Flattens a list of optree operands based on a predicate function.
12334	This function recursively removes grouping groups from an optree by hoisting their expressions up to their parent nodes and returns a new optree with the removed grouping groups.
12335	Convert an abstract syntax tree to python source code
12336	Converts an abstract syntax operator tree to python source code based on the operator type.
12337	Converts an AST terminal to python source code.
12338	Convert an AST option group to python source code.
12339	Convert an AST repetition group to python source code
12340	Convert an AST special handling to Python source code.
12341	Converts an AST alternate operation to Python source code by hoisting operands and formatting them in a alternating structure.
12342	Convert an AST concatenate operation to Python source code.
12343	Converts an AST exclude operation to Python source code.
12344	Converts an AST multiply operation to Python source code.
12345	Converts an AST repeat operation to Python source code, with options to ignore whitespace.
12346	Finds all directives with a specific name or that pass a given predicate.
12347	Return whether a child node matches the type of its parent node in a parse tree
12348	Tag that parses directives from a comment, extracting lines that begin with '!' and yielding their stripped content.
12349	Handles the results of an API call, printing the response text if the HTTP status code is not 200.
12350	Check if the provided ID is None and generate a new one if necessary. If provided, use the existing ID and log the action accordingly.
12351	Remove a global hotkey for a given control and key.
12352	Method to configure handling of command line arguments.
12353	Configure logging based on command line options, setting the level to the specified value.
12354	Validate that the command line arguments passed to the CLI are correct.
12355	Converts a list of nodes in infix order to a list of nodes in postfix order.
12356	Converts a list of nodes in postfix order to an Optree.
12357	Converts a list of nodes containing an operator and its operands into a new list with a single OptreeNode representing the operator and its operands.
12358	Method to add specific arguments for a CLI related to metric definitions.
12359	Reads a file and parses the JSON content into a dictionary.
12360	Looks up the metric definition from the definitions from the API call and returns it.
12361	Gets the maximum length of each column in the field table
12362	Gets the maximum length of each column
12363	Replace underscores in the 'name' field of each metric dictionary with escaped underscores.
12364	Sends the field definitions to standard out
12365	Sends the markdown of the metric definitions to standard out.
12366	Generates Markdown output based on metric, field, and dashboard definitions.
12367	Attempt to parse source code and return a parse tree.
12368	Keeps track of the furthest point in the source code the parser has reached.
12369	Method to add specific command line arguments for this command.
12370	Attempt to parse a string into a valid datetime, or convert it to a datetime from an epoch time if parsing fails.
12371	Output results in CSV format
12372	Converts the input text into a structured JSON format and prints it.
12373	Output results in raw JSON format.
12374	Convert JSON results to pretty-formatted XML and print them.
12375	Checks if a node is a terminal node or empty, used as a default predicate in Node.trimmed.
12376	Pretty print a parse tree to the open file.
12377	Returns a partial of _get_repetition that accepts only a text argument.
12378	Checks the beginning of text for a value and returns a terminal ParseNode if found, otherwise raises DeadEnd.
12379	Tries to repeatedly apply an extractor to text, collecting results within specified bounds and returning a ParseNode if the minimum number of repetitions is met; otherwise, raises DeadEnd.
12380	Returns extractor's result if exclusion does not match. If exclusion matches, raises DeadEnd.
12381	Returns the number of leading whitespace characters in the given text.
12382	Calls an extractor function on some text.
12383	Gets the position of the text processed by the ParseNode, defaulting to its first child's position if not set.
12384	Return True if this node has no children or if all of its children are empty ParseNode instances.
12385	Adds ignored text to the node and updates the consumed property accordingly.
12386	Return True if node_type matches the given value or any member of a tuple value.
12387	Flattens nodes by hoisting children up to ancestor nodes based on a given predicate.
12388	Trim a ParseTree by recursively applying a predicate to each node and removing nodes that satisfy the predicate.
12389	Return a new `ParseNode` with the combined children and merged consumed/ignored attributes from two nodes.
12390	Returns a new node with the same contents but a different node type.
12391	Combines the values of a node and its children into a single string value node, optionally including ignored values.
12392	Return the current position of the cursor.
12393	Returns the index of the deepest character readed as a Position object.
12394	Moves the cursor to the next character and updates the cursor's position.
12395	This method moves the cursor to the beginning of the next line by appending the current position to the `_eol` list, incrementing the `_lineno`, and resetting the `_col_offset` to 0.
12396	Sets the cursor to the end of the previous line.
12397	Return the last line of content up to the current cursor's read position.
12398	Increment and return the cursor's position by a specified length, handling newline characters appropriately.
12399	Save the current cursor position in the context.
12400	Rollbacks to the previous saved cursor position and returns False.
12401	Converts a Translator object to its Fmt representation for pretty-printing.
12402	Sets the name of an object and updates its internal names accordingly.
12403	Counts the number of variables defined by this scope.
12404	Returns the count of functions defined in the scope.
12405	Update internal counters
12406	Update the Set with values of another Set
12407	Create a new Set by taking the union of two Sets.
12408	Update Set with common values of another Set
12409	Method to create a new Set by intersecting the current Set with another Set parameter.
12410	Remove values common with another Scope
12411	Create a new Set by subtracting another Set
12412	Computes symmetric difference and updates the set
12413	Create a new Set with values present in only one Set.
12414	Adds an item to a set, ensuring its unique identifier is not already in use and setting its parent if applicable.
12415	Remove an item from a set and raise KeyError if not found.
12416	Removes a signature from a dictionary if it exists; returns True if removed, False otherwise.
12417	Retrieve all values
12418	Retrieve the first Signature ordered by mangling descendant.
12419	Retrieve the last `Signature` ordered by mangling descendant.
12420	Retrieves a signature instance by its internal name, returning a default value if not found.
12421	Retrieves all signatures by symbol name, creates an EvalCtx only when necessary, includes parent, and inherits type/translation from parent.
12422	Retrieve the unique Signature of a symbol, failing if it is not unique.
12423	Checks for polymorphic return types and encapsulates them into a new scope, inheriting type/translation from the parent.
12424	If no injector is found, call the injector from the parent scope or raise a TypeError if no injector is defined.
12425	Recursively normalizes an AST node by replacing built-in container types with referenceable subclasses and normalizing all contained values.
12426	Mutates the current node to match the structure and values of another node
12427	Returns the data from each node in the linked list in reversed order.
12428	Check if a given hit is within the specified charge limits
12429	Computes a signature using resolution, handling both return types and type parameters with optional variadic arguments.
12430	Process the signature and find definition for type by collecting types for resolution and attempting to find their definitions, updating the resolution dictionary accordingly.
12431	Given a `TypeName`, use `self.resolution` to replace the names and return the resolved names, handling polymorphic types and unknown types by raising exceptions.
12432	Set resolved name for a given type based on a reference type and resolution dictionary.
12433	Deletes the specified file from the local filesystem if it exists.
12434	Deletes the specified file from the given S3 bucket.
12435	Deletes the specified file, either locally or from S3, depending on the file's storage type.
12436	Saves a file to the local file system with an optional update of a file size field in an object.
12437	Uploads a local file to an S3 bucket with specified access control and optionally sets a file size attribute on the provided object.
12438	Saves a file to either the local filesystem or an S3 bucket based on the storage type, and optional field names for storing the storage type and bucket name in the object.
12439	Finds files by listing an S3 bucket's contents by prefix.
12440	Builds an enum statement with forward and reverse mappings
12441	Verify arguments and return types of a function.
12442	Adds a mapping with key thing_name for callobject in chainmap with namespace handling.
12443	Function decorator to attach a method to a class.
12444	Attach a method to a parsing class and register it as a parser hook.
12445	Attach a method to a parsing class and register it as a parser rule.
12446	Class decorator to attach and register a class as a parser directive, optionally specifying the directive name.
12447	Attach a class to a parsing decorator and register it to the global decorator list. The class is registered with its name unless directname is provided.
12448	Allows aliasing a node to another name by updating the rule_nodes.maps dictionary. Raises an Exception if the destination is not found.
12449	Check if the parser can consume an EOL byte sequence.
12450	Create a nested ChainMap for rule nodes, tag cache, and id cache if they do not exist, or create a new child if they do.
12451	Pops the parent context variables for rule nodes, tag cache, and ID cache, then returns True.
12452	Return the text value of the node.
12453	Push a new Stream into the parser and set it as the current stream for subsequent parsing until 'popStream' is called.
12454	Save the current index under the given name.
12455	Extract the end index for a given tag and return True.
12456	Merge internal rules set with the given rules.
12457	Merges internal hooks with provided hooks in a class.
12458	Merge internal directives with the given directives and attach them to the dsl.Parser class.
12459	Evaluates a rule by name and returns the result of applying the rule to the current state of the parser.
12460	Evaluate the hook by its name and return a boolean value.
12461	Checks if the stream contains the specified text without consuming it.
12462	Reads one byte from the stream if not at the end of file.
12463	Consume the head byte of the stream and return True if it matches the given character, otherwise return False and restore the context.
12464	Consume all the stream until the end-of-file (EOF) is reached.
12465	Consume whitespace characters and return validation result.
12466	Set the data type of the hits and add default fields to the description.
12467	Set the data type of the cluster and update the cluster description accordingly.
12468	Check if the hits array has the same data type and field names as the hit clustered array and warn if there are additional hit fields.
12469	Creates a tree.Rule using a given namespace and rule ID.
12470	Attaches a parser tree to the dictionary of rules.
12471	Adds a rule name and parser tree to a rule object and returns True.
12472	Adds a sequence to an existing tree.Seq object or creates a new one.
12473	Adds an alternative to a parser tree, forwarding sublevel alternatives as is.
12474	Emulate add_range.
12475	Adds a repeater to the previous sequence and handles errors if repeating a lookahead or negated rule is attempted.
12476	Creates a Capture in the parser tree for the given sequence and cpt.
12477	Adds a bind to a sequence's parser tree using a cpt value.
12478	Creates a hook for a given sequence using the provided hook object.
12479	Parses an integer from a parameter list and assigns it to the pair attribute of the parameter.
12480	Parses a string in a parameter list.
12481	Parses a character in a parameter list and sets its value and type.
12482	Parses a node name in parameter list and returns True.
12483	Parses a hook name and sets its attributes.
12484	Parses a hook parameter and adds it to the hook's list of parameters, then returns True.
12485	Parses the DSL and provides a dictionary of all resulting rules.
12486	Consumes comments and whitespace characters in a stream and maintains context for validation.
12487	Register a state with a unique identifier (uid).
12488	Returns a '.dot' representation of all State in the register.
12489	Write a '.dot' file.
12490	Write a '.png' file from the current object's DOT representation.
12491	Provides a formatted string representation of the register's states, events, named events, and UID events.
12492	Manage transition of state in the system.
12493	Resets the living state by deleting instances where the state matches the object or if it has finished. Then, it initializes all states.
12494	Infer type on block by recursively type-checking each sub-element.
12495	Infer type for a subexpression.
12496	Checks if an ID is declared in the scope and infers its type; raises an error if not declared.
12497	Infer the type of a literal based on the language and add it to the evaluation context.
12498	Dumps tag, rule, id, and value cache for debugging purposes.
12499	Generates a Python function for a given parser rule.
12500	Returns the appropriate scope exiting statement based on the current context (optional, try, loop).
12501	Normalizes a test expression into a statements list. If the expression is not a list, it is packaged as a conditional statement.
12502	Generates Python code for a function call.
12503	Generates a Python code snippet that calls a function and returns True if the call is successful.
12504	Generates python code for calling a hook using the 'self' attribute and the 'evalHook' method.
12505	Generates Python code calling a rule by evaluating the rule name.
12506	Generates Python code to capture text consumed by a clause using beginTag and endTag methods.
12507	Generate Python code for a scope.
12508	Generates python code for alternatives using try-except blocks to handle different outcomes of the alternatives.
12509	Generates Python code for clauses by processing a sequence of nodes and combining expressions or statements accordingly.
12510	Generates Python code for an optional clause by recursively visiting its parse tree and returning an expression or statement.
12511	Generates Python code for a clause that can be repeated 0 or more times using a while loop.
12512	Generates Python code for a clause repeated 1 or more times by wrapping it in a while loop.
12513	returns a string with two strings concatenated, handling newlines for tabulation.
12514	Recursively sets the indentation for items in a list that implement the `indentable` interface.
12515	recursively processes a list to generate a formatted string
12516	Prints nodes by recursively appending their values or string representations to a single string, which is then printed.
12517	function that recursively connects MatchExpr objects in a sequence, managing state transitions and alternatives
12518	Create a state register and connect each MatchExpr instance in a list using edges.
12519	Creates a bottom-up tree automata for a block of matching statements and populates a StateRegister with State instances.
12520	True if the value of a node is equal to a certain value.
12521	Create a Grammar object from a BNF string.
12522	Creates a Grammar from a file.
12523	Parse source using the grammar or a given entry rule name
12524	Parse a file using the specified grammar, with an entry rule name optional and defaulting to a class-defined value.
12525	Copies one node to another and manages caching.
12526	Set a node's value based on another node's value
12527	Assigns the value of an expression evaluated in the context of an abstract syntax tree to a destination object's value and returns True.
12528	Default serializer for JSON that handles date, time, and datetime objects.
12529	A function that retrieves and returns a specified number of deposits using a generator.
12530	Return the deposition object as a dictionary with additional metadata.
12531	Retrieve bibliographic record identifiers from Invenio 1 based on the modification date.
12532	Return an iterator of record IDs for Invenio 2 based on a modification date.
12533	Imports and returns the BibRecDocs and BibDoc classes from the invenio.bibdocfile module or a legacy location if the initial import fails.
12534	Dumps all BibDoc metadata for a given record ID that has been modified since a specified date, formatted as a list of dictionaries.
12535	Return the count and IDs of documents to check.
12536	Checks the integrity of a BibDoc by attempting to list its files and handling any exceptions by displaying an error message in red.
12537	Dumps the oauth2server tokens as a dictionary, optionally including JSON format and filtering by the latest token.
12538	Retrieve a count and all UserEXT objects.
12539	Dump the UserEXt objects as a list of dictionaries.
12540	Retrieve the count and all featured communities.
12541	Get record IDs for Invenio 1 that have been modified on or after a specified date.
12542	Get record IDs for Invenio 2 that were modified on or after a specified date.
12543	Retrieves all restrictions for a given collection, including the fire roles and users associated with it.
12544	Given a bibliographic record ID and a start date, retrieve all revisions of the record on or after the start date, ordered by date.
12545	Retrieve all collections a record belongs to, including both regular and restricted collections.
12546	Convert MARCXML record to JSON and return as string.
12547	Get recids that match the query and have changes since from_date.
12548	Dump MARCXML and JSON representation of a record, optionally including collections and filtering by date.
12549	Converts a remote account object to a dictionary.
12550	Inserts the record into the database
12551	Collect entry points for invenio_migrator.things.
12552	Initializes the app context for Invenio 2.x.
12553	cache for heavy function calls
12554	This function attempts to import and return the ``run_sql`` function from ``invenio.dbquery`` or ``invenio.legacy.dbquery`` if the former fails.
12555	Get roles connected to an action.
12556	Get the number of action definitions and their details from the database.
12557	Dump the remote tokens as a list of dictionaries.
12558	Load the oauth2server token from data dump, converting the expiration time and loading common data into the model.
12559	Migrate a record from a migration dump, handling JSON or MARCXML format and updating the database session accordingly.
12560	Import config variable using import path or use default value.
12561	Dump the oauth2server Client.
12562	Get user accounts Invenio 1.
12563	Retrieve user accounts from Invenio 2
12564	Serialize a user object into a dictionary.
12565	Load the raw JSON dump of the Deposition using the Record API and perform necessary final-stage deposit migration steps.
12566	Creates deposit record metadata and assigns a persistent identifier
12567	Load a single record into the database using either synchronous or asynchronous methods based on the `eager` parameter and the presence of a post-task function.
12568	Load records from migration dumps, optionally filtering by a specific record ID and displaying progress.
12569	Callback for re.sub to replace link text with markup. Turns out using a callback function is actually faster than using backrefs plus this lets us provide a hook for user customization. linker_takes_context = True means that the linker gets passed context like a standard format function.
12570	The function `loadcommon` is a helper function that loads simple objects from JSON source files using a shared task, with options for asynchronous execution and a predicate to load only a single item.
12571	Loads communities using the provided sources and logo directory.
12572	Load users from external sources using a synchronous task to avoid issues with duplicate emails and usernames.
12573	Load a deposit from a JSON file, optionally filtering by deposit ID.
12574	Returns profiler statistics sorted by the specified key and limited to the specified count.
12575	Runs a sample test server using Tornado with optional port.
12576	Dump current profiler statistics into a file and finish the HTTP request.
12577	Clear profiler statistics and complete the process.
12578	Stop the profiler and finish the current operation.
12579	Checks if the profiler is running and returns its status.
12580	For use as a decorator to disable timestamp updates during the execution of a method.
12581	Load a user from data and handle potential email or username duplications.
12582	Calculate image translations in parallel using the given ImageCollection and return a 2D array of translations in the x and y directions.
12583	Stitch regular spaced images into a single image.
12584	Adds a dimension of ones to the array and concatenates it along the last axis.
12585	Create a record based on a dump, handling record creation, updating, and deletion as necessary.
12586	Create a new record from the given dump and update it with the provided revisions and creation timestamp.
12587	Update an existing record by applying revisions and updating timestamps.
12588	Creates persistent identifiers for a given record and commits the session.
12589	Delete a record and its persistent identifiers.
12590	Creates files for a record, using an existing bucket if available or creating a new one if not.
12591	Create a single file with multiple versions and set the head version
12592	Delete the bucket associated with the given record by iterating through its files and marking each bucket as deleted.
12593	Return a list of persistent identifiers that do not exist.
12594	Prepare a list of revisions for the given data.
12595	Get files from data dump and sort them by version.
12596	Fetch and store persistent identifiers using fetchers.
12597	Return True if the record is deleted.
12598	Load a community from data and save its logo if it exists.
12599	Stores a featured community from a dictionary in the database.
12600	Dump data from Invenio legacy by querying and processing the data in chunks, then writing it to JSON files.
12601	Check data in Invenio legacy by querying and checking items.
12602	Deletes resources of this widget that require manual cleanup, including actions, event handlers, and the background, while trying to fix a memory leak.
12603	Simple vector helper function returning the length of a vector with any number of dimensions.
12604	Normalizes the given vector.
12605	Transforms input 2D texture coordinates to 3D by fitting them to internal texture coordinates and mapping them to a new range.
12606	Ensuring per-entity bone data is properly initialized in a dictionary.
12607	Sets the length of a bone on a given entity.
12608	Sets the parent of this bone for all entities and registers this bone as a child of its parent, ensuring internal state is initialized before calling other methods.
12609	Return the point this bone pivots around on the given entity, recursively calculating the offset based on the parent bone's properties.
12610	Initialize an animation with given data and jump type, setting up keyframe, last tick, jump type, and phase.
12611	Sets the state for the actor by translating the matrix to its position.
12612	Reset the actor's state to the default, currently by translating the matrix back to its original position.
12613	Sets the state required for this vertex region by binding and enabling the texture of the material.
12614	Resets the state required for this actor to the default state.
12615	Ensures that the given object is initialized with the model and its cache.
12616	Redraws the model of a given object using its vertices and texture coordinates.
12617	Draws the model of the given object to the render target if the batch already exists and manual rendering is not enabled.
12618	Sets the model for the actor and initializes it, cleaning up the old model if present.
12619	Writes a collection of reports to a given path as XML.
12620	This function converts a list of test reports into an XML structure, including details such as test count, errors, failures, and timestamps.
12621	Adds a menu to the list of menus and sends an event if no menu is currently selected.
12622	Re-calculates and re-positions the text label within its container.
12623	Re-draws the label by calculating its position and updating its attributes.
12624	Draws the submenu and its background while handling various types of background inputs and ensuring correct OpenGL state management.
12625	Deletes a widget by name, but currently has a memory leak issue that needs fixing.
12626	Re-calculates the position of the Label.
12627	Registers the motion and drag handlers.
12628	This method registers down and up event handlers and schedules a function for periodic execution to achieve smooth window redrawing at 60 FPS.
12629	This method adds a main label widget to a dialog, centers it on the screen, and sets its size based on the window's width and the font size of the label text.
12630	This method adds an OK button to a dialog, sets its position and label, calculates its size, and defines an action to exit the dialog when clicked.
12631	Change to the previously active submenu
12632	This method creates a confirm button with the specified label, positions it, sets its size based on the font size of the label, and adds an action to be performed when the button is clicked.
12633	This method adds a cancel button to a widget, sets its label, size, and position, and associates a click action with it.
12634	Updates the progressbar label based on the current value and range, which is typically called automatically when the progressbar properties are changed.
12635	Renders the world in 3d-mode and calls the render method for each actor in the world.
12636	Renders the 3D world by calling the superclass's render3d method and then drawing the batch.
12637	Start a new step and return a context manager to report errors.
12638	Check if a resource with the given name and extension exists.
12639	Adds a new texture category with the given name and initializes its caches and texture bin.
12640	Returns a texture to be used as a placeholder for missing textures.
12641	Gets the model object by name, loading it from a cache if previously loaded, otherwise loading it and storing it in the cache.
12642	Loads and caches a model by name and sends a load event.
12643	Return the model data associated with the given name, loading and caching it if necessary.
12644	Loads and parses model data from a JSON file to create a hierarchical structure of materials, bones, regions, and animations, storing it in a cache for future use.
12645	Adds a widget to the container, avoiding recursion by not allowing the container to add itself.
12646	This method draws a submenu and its background, enabling and disabling the scissor test based on the type of submenu.
12647	Redraws the background and any child widgets, updating their vertices and redrawing the background if necessary.
12648	Redraws the background and contents of the container, including the scrollbar, and updates its position and size based on the scrollbar's movement.
12649	Checks if a point is within the bounding box of another point and size.
12650	Return the percentage this slider is "filled", which is read-only.
12651	Adds a new layer to the stack at the specified z-value, or appends it if no z-value is provided.
12652	Map a region of a buffer using this attribute as an accessor.
12653	Draw vertices in a domain using OpenGL, either for all vertices or a specified vertex list.
12654	Adds a callback function to a specified action with optional arguments.
12655	Helper method that calls all callbacks registered for the given action.
12656	Registers a name to the registry with an optional forced ID.
12657	This interface adds a layer to a collection at the specified Z Index, or uses the layer's default Z Index if not provided.
12658	Draws all layers of this LayeredWidget.
12659	Deletes all layers within the LayeredWidget before deleting itself.
12660	Returns a WatchingList representing the border of the layer, which can be set or retrieved and causes an immediate redraw if changed
12661	Property to retrieve or set the layer's offset, triggering a redraw if set.
12662	Returns the size of the layer by subtracting the border size from the widget size.
12663	Reads data from an HDF5 file and populates a `Mesh` object with the connectivity, nodes, sets, surfaces, and fields.
12664	Builds a connectivity array for a given shape using Numba for speed.
12665	This method sets the fields of an object by appending the values of the input list `fields` to the object's `fields` attribute.
12666	This method adds fields to the list of fields.
12667	Checks if the element types in the object are valid.
12668	Returns the dimension of the embedded space of each element.
12669	Generate a dataframe containing volume and centroids of all the elements.
12670	Calculates the internal angles and associated statistics for all elements in a given dataset.
12671	Return the aspect ratio of all elements with their lengths and statistics.
12672	Returns mesh quality and geometric stats by concatenating centroids and volumes, angles, and edges stats.
12673	This method creates a node set from an element set based on a given tag.
12674	Converts a node set to surface by creating a dummy node, getting element surfaces, and calculating the intersection of sets.
12675	Creates elements sets corresponding to a surface by iterating through its faces and adding non-empty sets to the elements dictionary.
12676	Returns fields metadata as a dataframe, concatenated along columns and sorted by specified columns.
12677	Returns metadata as a dataframe.
12678	Checks if the working directory exists and creates it if it does not.
12679	This method runs a post-processing script using a specified solver and prints the output.
12680	Makes the mesh using gmsh.
12681	Reads a history report and adds a "step" column indicating the step number for each data point based on the given steps.
12682	Reads a field output report and extracts metadata and data, then creates a FieldClass object with the extracted data.
12683	Converts a list to a string with a given line width, wrapping the elements as needed.
12684	Converts a set of linear equations into an Abaqus INP format string.
12685	Returns a set as a string with unsorted option, formatted with labels from a DataFrame index.
12686	Parses API response, raises appropriate errors if set to True, and returns dictionary payload.
12687	Constructs the URL for the specified method and arguments, sends a POST request with the necessary parameters, and returns the response as a dictionary.
12688	Writes an XY report based on given tags, columns, and steps in the specified path.
12689	This method writes a field report and formats it in a cleaner way, including metadata and specific data lines.
12690	List components available on the machine based on the specified component type.
12691	Return an error message for use in exceptions thrown by subclasses.
12692	Given an exception, this function determines if the exception was thrown by a Descriptor instance.
12693	Sets Series data by creating X and Y variables if they don't exist, contributing to the class, and then zipping the points together, or raises exceptions if the necessary attributes are missing.
12694	Returns the axis mode ('time' if all elements in the series have a TimeVariable attribute for the specified axis, otherwise None).
12695	Updating axis options in the plot settings.
12696	Convert a function and list of attributes into a custom class.
12697	Cycles through notifications with the latest results from data feeds and updates the display.
12698	Attempts to convert a given value to a numeric value, raising a ValueError if it cannot be converted.
12699	Convert a string representation of a number to an integer or float.
12700	Renders a graph into the template with specified attributes.
12701	Try to get a Unicode copy of a string using BeautifulSoup's UnicodeDammit, UTF-8 encoding, and ignore errors.
12702	Returns a clean, properly formatted HTML document with all HTML-escaped characters converted to their unicode.
12703	This method checks whether a given MIME type matches any of the types specified in `include_mime_types`, returning `True` if it does and `False` otherwise.
12704	Extract a lower-case, no-slashes domain name from a raw string that might be a URL.
12705	Return a list of strings by splitting the domain on '.' and successively cutting off the leftmost portion.
12706	Get a Murmur hash and a normalized token from the input string.
12707	Collects and counts all words from a given stream item that meet certain criteria based on configuration.
12708	Records index records for a single document based on the specified parameters.
12709	Get strings that correspond to a specific murmur hash key from a database, excluding a specific hash key.
12710	Get document frequencies for a list of hashes.
12711	Get stream IDs for a single hash by scanning a key-value layer table.
12712	Get stream IDs and term frequencies for a single hash by scanning a hash-TF index table and yielding pairs of strings along with their term frequencies.
12713	Given a file, produce a sequence of valid StreamItems by filtering out any None values after mapping them with a function.
12714	Convert a single spinn3r feed entry into a StreamItem or return None if the entry cannot be fully constructed.
12715	Create a ContentItem from a node in the spinn3r data tree, handling decompression and MIME type conversion.
12716	Read exactly a varint from the underlying file.
12717	reads a protobuf-encoded object from a file block
12718	This function serializes a StreamItem key by packing its components into a 20-byte representation, including a 16-byte MD5 hash and a 4-byte integer timestamp.
12719	Extracts the parts of a StreamItem for a kvlayer key, converts it to a blob for storage, and returns the key and data.
12720	Change working directory to the specified path and restore the previous directory on exit
12721	Removes the prefix from a string, if it is present, otherwise returns the original string unchanged. If `strict` is True and the prefix is not present, raises a `WimpyError`.
12722	Removes the specified suffix from the input string if it exists, otherwise returns the original string; raises an error if the suffix is not present and strict mode is enabled.
12723	Determines if the elements of one string are a subsequence of another string, maintaining the order of characters.
12724	Create and return a WSGI application with a default home page and an error handler.
12725	Runs a simple WSGI server to execute the application.
12726	Stop the simple WSGI server running the application.
12727	Decorate a function with an HTTP method and routing pattern, adding it to a router.
12728	Define a decorator to add error page callbacks based on HTTP response status codes.
12729	Send content of a static file as response, ensuring the file path is within the document root directory and setting the appropriate media type and charset for the HTTP response.
12730	Return an error handler for the current response status.
12731	Add a route with a method, pattern, and callback.
12732	Resolves a request to a route handler based on the HTTP method and request path.
12733	Resolves a request to a wildcard or regex route handler.
12734	Return a normalized form of the pattern by removing type prefix, and return the pattern type and the pattern as a tuple.
12735	Returns the HTTP response body as a sequence of bytes, setting appropriate content type and content length headers.
12736	Add an HTTP header with the given name and value to the response object.
12737	Adds a Set-Cookie header to the response object with the specified name, value, and attributes.
12738	Return the HTTP response status line based on the status code.
12739	Return the value of Content-Type header field based on media_type and charset.
12740	Return the list of all values for the specified key. If the key does not exist, return the default value (an empty list by default).
12741	This method removes all files and directories below a specified path, including the path itself, even when `shutil.rmtree` fails due to read-only files in NFS and Windows. It also has options to follow symlinks and retry deleting files up to a specified number of times.
12742	Return a list of open files for the current process on a UNIX-like OS.
12743	Generates file type stats from stream items in a KBA pipeline, currently focusing on first five non-whitespace characters.
12744	Fetches a KBA s3 work unit, saves counts about it, and appends the results to a gzipped file while handling retries if the count does not match the expected value.
12745	Attempts to fetch and iterate over a work unit key path in S3 using a series of streamed child processes.
12746	Return a list of non-empty lines from a file.
12747	Return an ordered 2-tuple containing a species and a describer, with the describer either prefixing or suffixing the species.
12748	Generate a random pair of species and adjectives with optional length and stutter prevention.
12749	Conducts morphological analysis on Japanese sentences with optional filtering by information and part-of-speech tags.
12750	Scoring the similarity of two words.
12751	Converts Japanese text in a file or sentence to Hiragana or Katakana using the Goolabs API and outputs the result in JSON or plain text format.
12752	Extracts unique representations from a sentence using the Goolabs API and filters by class if specified.
12753	Summarizes reviews using the Goolabs API and outputs a short summary in JSON format if requested.
12754	Extract keywords from an input document using a Googlabs API and print them in a readable format.
12755	Extracts and normalizes date and time expressions from a given sentence using the GoolabsAPI.
12756	Instantiate a pipeline stage with a given configuration, injecting additional directory paths from the SCP configuration.
12757	Create and return a list of stage objects based on the names specified in the configuration for the given stage list entry.
12758	Initializes and returns stages for a pipeline based on the given configuration.
12759	Run a pipeline process, reading from an input source, processing each item through various transforms, and writing the results to output chunks until certain conditions are met.
12760	Run all of the writers over some intermediate chunk and return the list of output file paths or other outputs.
12761	Run transforms on a stream item and writes successful items out to the current `self.t_chunk`.
12762	Replaces the top-level pipeline configurable object in the given configuration and returns the new sub-modules.
12763	Factory that creates a WSGI app with HTTPie pieces baked in.
12764	Assemble in-doc coref chains by mapping equiv_id to tokens and their cleansed name strings.
12765	Checks if all target mention strings appear as substrings in at least one chain mention.
12766	Function to check if any name in target_mentions is a substring of any element in chain_mentions.
12767	Main function for iterating through all tokens to find matches with cleansed tokens or token regexes, skipping empty tokens, and coping with Token objects that produce multiple space-separated strings.
12768	This method iterates through tokens in a stream item and attempts to find near-exact matches to strings in ratings, updating annotations accordingly.
12769	Run a tagger subprocess to get NER XML output and handle potential errors related to memory and exceptions.
12770	Iterate through the files in the given XML file and update the given chunk with the information from the XML, including tagging, sentences, relations, and attributes.
12771	Send a SIGTERM signal to the child process if it exists.
12772	Returns a Pattern that matches exactly n repetitions of Pattern p
12773	Replaces all angle bracket emails with a unique key by escaping angle brackets.
12774	Generate strings identified as sentences from a given text.
12775	Create a sorted collection of labels based on their character offsets.
12776	Assemble Sentence and Token objects from a stream item and label index.
12777	Convert any HTML, XML, or numeric entities in the text, with an option to pad with spaces and an option to only use safe entities.
12778	Create a temporary file containing cleansed text with file names and write it to the target path.
12779	Run a child process to get OWPL output for named entity recognition and save it to a file.
12780	Convert a string of text into a lowercase string with no punctuation and only spaces for whitespace.
12781	Iterate through the i_chunk and tmp_ner_path to generate a new Chunk with body.ner by matching entities and assigning labels.
12782	Converts relative paths to absolute paths in a configuration dictionary using a specified root path.
12783	Sets up the configuration and loads external modules as specified.
12784	This function generates StreamItem instances from a directory of text files, assigns creation times and URLs, and attaches annotations before yielding them.
12785	Replace the content of HTML tags with whitespace.
12786	Takes an HTML-like Unicode string as input and returns a UTF-8 encoded string with all tags and characters inside tags replaced by whitespace.
12787	Create a temporary XML file containing clean visible text from input chunks.
12788	Convert a unicode string into a lowercase string with no punctuation and only spaces for whitespace, replacing PennTreebank escaped brackets with spaces.
12789	Parses an HTML file and writes each non-tag character to the standard output, treating spaces as special characters.
12790	Try to load a stage into self, ignoring errors. If loading a module fails, give a warning and move on. On success, the stage is added to the stage dictionary.
12791	Adds external stages from a Python module specified by `path` to the current instance by updating the `Stages` dictionary.
12792	Load and update module stages from a given Python module or module name.
12793	Construct and configure a stage from known stages, returning a callable stage.
12794	Iterates through idx_bytes until a byte in stop_bytes or a byte not in run_bytes.
12795	Test whether a given href string is an absolute URL or contains any domain substrings specified in the configuration.
12796	Makes a list of labels for 'author' and the filtered hrefs & anchors based on the offset type.
12797	Recursively yield the absolute paths of all files under the given input directory.
12798	Method to generate data objects for every task with an optional key prefix filter.
12799	Retrieve a random key from the first max_iter rows in a Cassandra column family.
12800	Tokenizes words in a sentence while preserving NER labels from ENAMEX tags, tracking sentence position and mention IDs.
12801	Parses sentences and tokens from XML using a LingPipeParser.
12802	Retry the execution of the decorated function multiple times due to intermittent failures, with back-off retries for specified exceptions.
12803	Verifies the MD5 checksum of the data and raises an exception if they do not match.
12804	Look for the S3 bucket using provided or default configuration, handling AWS credentials from multiple sources.
12805	Method for decoding raw data from S3 into a generator of items based on the input format specified in the configuration.
12806	Retrieves a Chunk object containing records from a specified S3 key path.
12807	Convert a text stream ID to a kvlayer key, raising a KeyError if the stream ID is malformed.
12808	```python
Method transforms a kvlayer key into a text stream ID by combining epoch ticks and a hash of the absolute URL in a specific format.
```
12809	Generate a key for a stream item using its URL hash and stream time ticks.
12810	Serve up some ponies on a specified hostname and port.
12811	Return ArgumentParser for HTTPony command-line interface.
12812	Mutably tags tokens in a stream item with XPATH offsets based on sentence boundaries and character offsets.
12813	Convert stream item sentences to character offsets.
12814	Converts character offsets to character ranges.
12815	Converts HTML and a sequence of character offsets to XPath offsets.
12816	Method records a `tag` at a certain depth, collapsing adjacent text nodes if necessary, and increments the count of the tag.
12817	Method returns an XPath fragment based on the last added element and its position.
12818	Returns the one-based index of the current text node.
12819	Yielding all elements descendant of the given element in document order.
12820	Yields all the elements from the source
12821	Yields elements with a specific name from a given source, which can be an element or another iterator.
12822	Yields elements from the source whose name matches the given regular expression pattern.
12823	Yields elements from the source having the given attribute, optionally with the given attribute value.
12824	Iterate over elements and text that are siblings after a given element in the document.
12825	Adds text nodes with appropriate indentation to the given MicroXML element to improve its readability when printed.
12826	Call inkscape CLI with arguments and returns its return value.
12827	Export an SVG file to another format using Inkscape with specified export options.
12828	Transform an SVG file to a PDF file using either rsvg or inkscape.
12829	Transform an SVG file to a PNG file using Inkscape.
12830	Return a Jinja2 environment for the directory containing the given file path, or raise an IOError if the directory does not exist.
12831	Load a document template file into the model for further processing.
12832	Fill the content of the document with information from `doc_contents` and return the filled document as a string.
12833	Saves the content of a text file to a specified path using a given encoding.
12834	Create a specific document of the class given by the `command` or the extension of `template_file_path`.
12835	Fill the content of the document with information from `doc_contents`, replacing symbols with appropriate XML codes before filling the template.
12836	The `render` method saves the content of an SVG file in a chosen rendered format, such as PNG, PDF, or SVG, with options for DPI and unicode support.
12837	Converts text file content to PDF using a temporary .tex file.
12838	Converts XML 1.0 to MicroXML using the provided handler and returns the MicroXML element and extras.
12839	Parse HTML source into an Amara 3 tree.
12840	Parses a markup fragment in HTML mode and returns a bindery node.
12841	Insert data as text in the current node, positioned before the start of the specified node or to the end of the node's text.
12842	Insert node as a child of the current node before refNode in the list of child nodes, raising ValueError if refNode is not a child.
12843	Return a shallow copy of the current node.
12844	The `execute` function processes a given set of options to set up input files, compiles a "shallow" component, and returns runtime statistics.
12845	Internal method to get XPath-like string value of a node
12846	Append a child node to the XML parent at a specified index, or as the last child if no index is provided.
12847	Get settings from config file
12848	Get Google API credentials for a user.
12849	Create event start and end datetimes based on current time and configuration settings.
12850	Given options, config, and credentials, creates an event in a calendar with an SMS reminder.
12851	Process notification call main function
12852	Return the extension of the file name or path, with an option to check if the file exists.
12853	Adds the specified extension to a file path if it doesn't already have it, and optionally checks if the resulting file exists.
12854	Returns the path to a newly created temporary file with a specified suffix within a given directory or the system's temporary directory.
12855	Remove the files in workdir that have the given extension.
12856	Convert a CSV file to a JSON file
12857	Replace occurrences of old substring with new substring in specified file.
12858	Runs all parsing functions on HTML tags.
12859	Combines consecutive anchor tags if they have the same href attribute.
12860	Check if the tag has italic style and wrap it with an 'em' tag if it does.
12861	Wrap a span tag with a strong tag if it has a bold style.
12862	Check if the span tag has an underline style and wrap it with a 'u' tag if it does.
12863	Reject attributes not defined in ATTR_WHITELIST and update their values accordingly.
12864	Removes extra spaces and newline characters from a Unicode string.
12865	Extract the "real" URL from a Google redirected URL by getting the `q` querystring parameter.
12866	Parses an attribute's value, delegating href parsing to a specific method.
12867	Modify the keys in a dictionary to the ones specified in translations, using default values for keys not in translations.
12868	Convert data to JSON string representation.
12869	Returns a list of absolute paths of files that match the regex within the specified folder and its subfolders.
12870	Concatenates multiple strings into a single string, handling callable arguments and filtering non-string values.
12871	Determines if the first string starts with the second string.
12872	Yields a boolean indicating whether the first input string contains the second.
12873	This function yields the length of the input string.
12874	This function yields a boolean value based on the given object, considering various conditions such as the presence of a 'compute' attribute, the type and value of the object, and handling cases where the object is empty.
12875	A function that applies a given expression to each item in an input sequence and yields the results.
12876	Yields a value from a lookup table in a context, or an empty sequence if the lookup is unsuccessful.
12877	Replace known special characters in SVG code with their respective XML entities.
12878	Return the SVG object if the input is a valid SVG file or object, otherwise raise an exception.
12879	Merge the content of `svg_file2` into `svg_file1` at the specified coordinates and scale.
12880	Merge all the PDF files in `pdf_filepaths` in a new PDF file `out_filepath`.
12881	Returns the ElementTree of the SVG content with the font content embedded.
12882	Embeds fonts from specified files into an SVG and writes the result to an output file.
12883	Checks that inputs are iterable and subclass of Input class
12884	Checks that the provided function is callable and has exactly one argument.
12885	Generates all possible input combinations for a given set of inputs and applies a function to valid combinations, printing the results.
12886	Generate an input file by filling a template with values from the option variable.
12887	Recursively generates all combinations of elements from the input list up to the specified maximum depth.
12888	Converts an arbitrary object or sequence to a string type.
12889	Converts an arbitrary object to a number type
12890	Cast an arbitrary sequence to a boolean type
12891	Generates token strings for a valid XPath serialization of an AST.
12892	Modifies the encoding entry in an XML file.
12893	Saves input text as a QR code SVG image file with customizable color and size.
12894	Sets GROMACS input data, runs GROMACS, and extracts required outputs.
12895	Call a CLI command with arguments and return its return value.
12896	Call PDFLatex to convert TeX files to PDF with specified output format and directory.
12897	Returns all potential loop fusion options for a given psy object by analyzing its invokes and their schedules.
12898	Return a transformed Geometry object based on the target spatial reference.
12899	Returns an ogr.Geometry instance optionally created from a geojson str or dict, with an optional spatial reference.
12900	Expands this envelope by the given Envelope or tuple.
12901	Returns the intersection of this and another Envelope if they intersect. If they do not intersect, returns an Envelope with the lower left corner at (0, 0) and the upper right corner at (0, 0).
12902	Returns true if this envelope intersects another.
12903	Returns an OGR Geometry for the given envelope.
12904	Creates a table from arrays Z, N, and M and sets the df and name as specified.
12905	Export the table's contents to a file in comma-separated values format.
12906	Selects nuclei based on a condition function for Z, N, or M, and returns a new Table with the selected rows.
12907	Return a selection of the Table at positions given by ``nuclei``.
12908	Select nuclei which also belong to the input table
12909	Create a new Table object from the current one excluding rows that are also present in the input table.
12910	Selects odd-even nuclei from the table
12911	Selects even-odd nuclei from the table
12912	Selects even-even nuclei from the table using a lambda function to filter based on even Z and N values.
12913	Calculate the error difference between the current table and another table specified by `relative_to`.
12914	Calculate the root mean squared error relative to a specified mass table.
12915	Calculate and return the binding energies for a given nucleus based on the mass exponents.
12916	Return the 2-neutron separation energy of an atomic nucleus.
12917	Return the 1 neutron separation energy.
12918	Compute the proton separation energy by considering the mass excess and the binding energies of a parent and daughter nucleus.
12919	Return the 1 proton separation energy based on the proton mass excess and a lambda function.
12920	use this to create derived quantities in a table by applying a formula to the original data and its relative coordinates
12921	Ensures database connection is set up, operations are performed, and the connection is closed properly.
12922	Function to compute the key from the salt and the master password.
12923	Initialize a database with the given path or URI.
12924	Search the database for the given query, returning partial matches.
12925	Modify an existing domain and update its namesalt or username as specified.
12926	Creates a new domain entry in the database, handling exceptions and logging errors.
12927	Extracts messages from Handlebars templates, yielding tuples of line number, function name, messages, and comments.
12928	Returns a GDAL virtual filesystem prefixed path
12929	Returns the EPSG ID as an integer if it exists, otherwise returns None.
12930	Accept command line arguments and execute the corresponding target function, then exit with the return code.
12931	Initialize loggers for PWM and requests.packages.urllib3 with debug or info level based on verbose flag, and set HTTPConnection debug level accordingly.
12932	Update the content of a single file from a given URL, filtering out lines that start with '#'.
12933	Returns a dictionary of enabled GDAL Driver metadata keyed by the 'ShortName' attribute.
12934	Returns the gdal.Driver for a file based on its extension.
12935	Converts an OGR polygon to a 2D NumPy array using GDAL and a memory layer.
12936	Converts a layer to a raster using a target raster as a template.
12937	Returns a Raster instance from a local or remote path, handling both file-like objects and in-memory data.
12938	Returns an in-memory raster initialized from a pixel buffer.
12939	Returns a copied Raster instance from the source to the destination filepath.
12940	Returns a dictionary of driver-specific raster creation options.
12941	Returns a new Raster instance using the specified path, size, and band type. Raises an error if the file already exists.
12942	Sets the affine transformation for a dataset.
12943	Returns an NDArray, optionally subset by a spatial envelope.
12944	Compute and return the minimum bounding rectangle for the dataset.
12945	Returns the underlying ImageDriver instance, initializing it if necessary.
12946	Derives new Raster instances with specified size and affine transformation.
12947	Returns a MaskedArray using nodata values based on a given geometry.
12948	Return read-only property for band nodata value, assuming single band rasters for now.
12949	Returns raster data bytes for partial or full extent, overriding the default behavior of gdal.Dataset.ReadRaster().
12950	Return a new instance with resampled image data given the target size and interpolation method.
12951	Saves the current instance using the specified path and format, potentially with a specified driver.
12952	Sets the spatial reference and updates the dataset's projection accordingly.
12953	Reprojects a raster image to a new spatial reference and returns a new raster instance.
12954	Calculates the ideal conversion ratio for a given alphabet based on the number of bits in one output encoding chunk.
12955	Check if the input charset is a predefined preset or a custom alphabet.
12956	reads a chunk from the input data, converts it to a number, and encodes that number
12957	parses a chunk of bytes to integer using big-endian representation
12958	partition the data into chunks and retrieve the chunk at the given index
12959	Function that caches the result of a function call based on the input filename.
12960	Get a list of patterns from a file and join them into a regular expression.
12961	Converts a date to an aware UTC timezone datetime object.
12962	Method returns system's default timezone, or 'America/New_York' if not set.
12963	Converts the model properties to a dictionary.
12964	Catch exceptions with a prompt for post-mortem analysis.
12965	Clears and formats the data inside a dictionary.
12966	Connect to a remote master, receive, execute, and send job responses continuously until interrupted.
12967	Starts an asyncio event loop to connect to the master and run jobs.
12968	Runs a pool of workers that connect to a remote service and execute tasks.
12969	Validate and set the classification of the company, ensuring it is within a predefined list of allowed values.
12970	Add a message to a queue and start a thread to process the queue if one is not already running.
12971	Creates a message to turn a light on.
12972	Creates a message to turn a switch on.
12973	Scales brightness from 0..255 to 1..32 and sets the light on.
12974	Creates a message to turn off a device.
12975	If the queue is not empty, process the queue by sending reliable messages.
12976	Send a reliable message to a LightwaveRF hub by attempting up to 15 retries if the initial message or subsequent acknowledgments are not received.
12977	Generates a wrapped adapter for the given object, handling file locations, files, and sequences, and raising a ValueError for unsupported data types.
12978	Sets the nature of this YearlyFinancials if it is one of the allowed values.
12979	Update the values of configuration section with a dictionary, only updating options that can be set in a config file if specified.
12980	Restore default values of options in this section.
12981	Set the list of configuration files in the order of reading.
12982	Iterate over sections, option names, and option values.
12983	Iterate over sections, option names, and option metadata for configuration options.
12984	Create a configuration file based on specified section and options with the option to update existing content.
12985	Update the values of configuration options with the given dictionary, optionally filtering by configurable options.
12986	Read a configuration file and update the config values accordingly.
12987	Read config files and set config values accordingly, returning content, empty files, and faulty files.
12988	List of cli strings for a given option.
12989	Return a list of configuration sections used by a command or the bare command.
12990	Scan options related to one command and enrich _opt_cmds.
12991	Add options to a parser.
12992	Build command line argument parser with subcommands and options.
12993	Parse arguments and update options accordingly.
12994	Writes a zsh _arguments compdef for a given command, adding options and grouping them if specified.
12995	Write zsh compdef script for a command and its subcommands
12996	Builds a list of all options for a given command.
12997	Method to generate a bash completion script for a command with optional subcommands.
12998	Starts a new HighFive master asynchronously at the given host and port, returning it.
12999	Called when a remote worker connection has been found and finishes setting up the protocol object.
13000	Decode a response object from the received line and pass it to the worker object.
13001	Closes the worker when the connection to the remote worker is lost.
13002	Handles the scenario when a job is loaded, sends the job's RPC to the remote worker, and manages job state accordingly.
13003	Handles a response to a job RPC by decoding it, finalizing the result, and reporting it to the job manager.
13004	Closes the worker and returns any running job to the job manager
13005	Runs a job set consisting of jobs in an iterable job list.
13006	Close the HighFive master, cancel queued job sets, and cleanly shut down all associated components.
13007	Notify all waiters that a change has occurred and reset the waiters list.
13008	Adds a new result to the instance.
13009	Waits until the result set changes, either by adding a new result or becoming complete; returns immediately if the result set is already complete.
13010	loads the next job from the iterator and increments the active job count
13011	Marks the job as completed and notifies all waiting tasks.
13012	Called when a job completes to add the result and decrement the active job count, and calls `_done()` when all jobs are complete.
13013	Cancels the job set by finishing it immediately and discarding all queued jobs.
13014	Wait until the job set is finished. Return immediately if the job set is already finished.
13015	Distributes available jobs from the active job set to waiting get_job callbacks.
13016	Adds a job set to the manager's queue and activates it immediately if no other job set is running, returning a new job set handle.
13017	Calls a callback function when a job is available.
13018	Returns a job to its source job set to be run again later, if the job sources are not closed.
13019	Adds the result of a job to its source job set's results list.
13020	Completes the current job set and activates the next one from the queue.
13021	Closes the job manager, cancels active and queued job sets.
13022	Returns a new list with duplicates removed.
13023	Returns true if the regex matches the object, or a string in the object if it is some sort of container.
13024	Lists and returns available host entries based on filters and options.
13025	Retrieves the current region based on the environment variable AWS_DEFAULT_REGION or defaults to "us-east-1" if not set.
13026	Filters a list of host entries based on given regex filters and excludes, returning the filtered list.
13027	Prints the public DNS name of the given instance name if it is running and has the specified tag.
13028	Deserialize a HostEntry from a dictionary
13029	Look up an attribute on an entry, optionally converting the result to a string.
13030	Sorts a list of entries by the given attribute.
13031	Returns a representation of the host as a single line, with columns joined by a specified separator.
13032	Loads a new `HostEntry` object from a given boto instance.
13033	Returns whether the instance matches the given filter text.
13034	Returns the best name to display for this host. Uses the instance name if available; else just the public IP.
13035	Returns a pretty-printed string representation of a list of entries, either as a table or line-by-line, depending on terminal width and specified options.
13036	Attach the current event time as a Unix epoch timestamp to the event dictionary.
13037	Setup a logger with specified level and output.
13038	Return a new logger configured with specified processors.
13039	Setup Celery workers with specified title, output format, and timezone.
13040	Return a JSON status report for the specified worker or all workers, or an error if the worker is unknown.
13041	Stop and remove a worker.
13042	Define a switchable ConfOpt with a boolean value that can be turned on and off in a CLI using + or -.
13043	Define a configuration section handling configuration options for creating, updating, editing, and setting a text editor for config files.
13044	Update the configuration from a list of section.option=value string.
13045	Handles configuration commands, including creating, updating, and editing configuration sections based on user input.
13046	Create completion files for bash and zsh.
13047	Returns formatted columns with optional borders and coloring.
13048	Render the specified row of each column in a list of columns with optional coloring.
13049	Renders a table by converting it into a string with optional borders and column-specific colors.
13050	prepares a 2d grid of data into a formatted table of strings with all rows the same length
13051	Returns a function that colors a string with a number from 0 to 255, considering terminal support.
13052	Hashes a string and returns a number between `_min` and `_max`.
13053	Generate a random color between a specified minimum and maximum value.
13054	Reads user input from stdin, converts it to an integer if possible, and exits with a message if interrupted, EOF, or a quit message.
13055	Verifies and returns the user object if the provided username and password are correct.
13056	Verifies an HTTP header token for user authentication and returns the corresponding user object or None if authentication fails.
13057	Decorator for protecting Flask resources using token-based authentication.
13058	Check if a process is running by using `pgrep` and handle the case where no process is found.
13059	Dynamically imports a module and optionally retrieves an attribute from it, raising an error if the module or attribute does not exist.
13060	Retrieve the IP address based on whether it's public or private, using dynamic DNS or connecting to an external service.
13061	Makes an HTTP request using the specified method and returns the result.
13062	Builds form parameters with optional file uploads.
13063	Configures the server from CLI arguments and runs it with specified parameters.
13064	Render a hidden input with the serialized upload value.
13065	Run a shell command in a subprocess and print its output.
13066	Takes a list of dictionaries with keys corresponding to `stream_command` arguments, and runs all concurrently or in sequence based on the `parallel` parameter.
13067	Runs multiple commands, optionally in parallel, with optional description and stdin handling.
13068	Return the net work days according to RH's calendar.
13069	Find the path to a command on the system.
13070	Constructs an SSH command based on the provided hostname, username, identity file, SSH command, and tunnel information.
13071	Construct an SCP command using the provided hostname, username, identity file, and other parameters.
13072	Performs an SCP command to copy files from local to remote, where `remote_path` is the target and `local_path` is the source, and logs each command with its description.
13073	Copy files from remote hosts to local paths using SCP commands.
13074	Runs an SSH command in parallel on multiple hosts.
13075	Connect to a host via SSH using the provided hostname or IP.
13076	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
13077	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
13078	Relates this package component to the supplied part.
13079	Returns a list of parts related to this one via the specified relationship type.
13080	Load relationships from source XML
13081	Add a part to the package with an option to override an existing content-type or add a new one based on the file extension.
13082	Loads a part into this package based on its relationship type and returns it.
13083	Returns the correct content type for a given name by first searching overrides and then falling back to defaults.
13084	Given an XML element, parse out the proper ContentType by disambiguating the subclass, constructing the subclass, and returning an instance of the appropriate ContentType.
13085	Parses a given DSL string and returns parsed results as a dictionary.
13086	Builds a final copy of the token using the given secret key.
13087	Assigns force field parameters to Atoms in the AMPAL object based on the provided force field.
13088	Find the maximum radius and npnp distance in the loaded force field.
13089	Creates a dictionary of `PyAtomData` objects for force field parameters.
13090	Returns a zipped package as a readable stream.
13091	Returns a generator of segments from a zip file whose names start with the given name.
13092	Copies objects from one directory in an S3 bucket to another directory within the same bucket while preserving metadata and allowing adjustments to caching and CDN headers.
13093	Opens an S3 bucket resource using Boto3 and returns it as a Boto3 S3 Bucket instance.
13094	Uploads a directory of files to an S3 bucket, overwriting existing files and deleting old ones, with options for directory redirects, metadata, and caching.
13095	Upload a file to an S3 bucket with optional metadata, ACL, and cache control.
13096	Uploads an arbitrary object to an S3 bucket.
13097	List all file-type object names that exist at the root of a given directory in a bucket.
13098	List all names of directories that exist at the root of a specified directory in an S3 bucket.
13099	Return the absolute directory path in the bucket for a given relative directory name, after removing any trailing slashes.
13100	Delete a file from the bucket using its filename.
13101	Ensure a token is in the Click context object or authenticate and obtain the token from LTD Keeper.
13102	Speak loudly! Output the specified language or English in uppercase.
13103	Delete all objects in the specified S3 bucket directory.
13104	Get project's home URL based on settings.PROJECT_HOME_NAMESPACE, or return None if not defined.
13105	Silence the template tag if 'PROJECT_HOME_NAMESPACE' is not defined in settings.
13106	Generates a Bootstrap 3 breadcrumb for the project's home URL with an optional label.
13107	Generates a Bootstrap 4 breadcrumb for the project's home URL with an optional custom label.
13108	Calculates the interaction energy between AMPAL objects using a specified force field, assigning the force field to the objects if required.
13109	Calculates the internal energy of an AMPAL object using a specified force field.
13110	Get lines sampled across all threads, ordered by frequency of sampling from most to least.
13111	This function retrieves a temporary authentication token from the LTD Keeper API using the provided host, username, and password.
13112	Upload a new site build to LSST the Docs, handling authentication, git refs, and uploading to an S3 bucket.
13113	Detect if an upload should be skipped based on the ``TRAVIS_EVENT_TYPE`` environment variable and user settings.
13114	Instant purge URLs with a given surrogate key from the Fastly caches.
13115	Registers a new build for a product on LSST the Docs.
13116	Summary: This method confirms a build upload is complete by sending a PATCH request to the LTD Keeper API with the provided build URL and keeper token. If the response status code is not 200, it raises a KeeperError.
13117	Deeply updates a dictionary by merging two dictionaries, concatenating list values.
13118	Set up logging and initialize a context object for the LTD client with keeper hostname, username, and password.
13119	Parse command-line arguments to edit a part in an OOXML package optionally reformatting the XML for better readability.
13120	Lists the contents of a subdirectory within a zipfile and displays them with appropriate prefixes indicating whether each item is a file or directory.
13121	Recursively splits a file path into its individual components.
13122	Returns the path to the file and the path to the part given a path to a part in a zip file.
13123	Get the preferred text editor from the environment, defaulting to 'notepad' on Windows and 'edit' on other platforms.
13124	Processes an ASTroid node stream, checking for a valid file header if specified in configuration.
13125	Generating an HTML chart from various data sources and optionally saving it to a file.
13126	generate html from an Altair chart object and optionally write it to a file
13127	Serialize dataobj to an Altair chart object
13128	Patches the Altair generated JSON to the newest Vega Lite spec by adding a schema and updating the width and height.
13129	Generating HTML from Vega Lite data
13130	Converts a dictionary to a pandas dataframe by extracting keys and values into specified columns.
13131	Writes an HTML chart to a file in the specified folder, creating the folder if it doesn't exist.
13132	Get the right chart class from a string.
13133	Encode fields in Altair format.
13134	u Link to a GitHub user.
13135	Returns the tarball URL inferred from an app.json file if present, or None otherwise.
13136	Brings up a Heroku app by creating it and waiting for the build process to complete.
13137	Brings down a Heroku app.
13138	Decorator to implement the Iterator interface for a class with a specified attribute to iterate over.
13139	Returns a random binary string of a specified length.
13140	Returns a random IP address, excluding specific class A networks if provided.
13141	Get a random date between two dates
13142	Returns a prepared ```Session``` instance with specific headers and authentication.
13143	Sends an API request to Heroku and returns the JSON response.
13144	Creates an app-setups build using a tarball URL and optional environment variable overrides and app name, returning response data as a dictionary.
13145	Checks the status of an app-setups build and returns ``True`` if succeeded, ``False`` if pending.
13146	Returns a unique string with the given prefix and an increasing number.
13147	Decorator that caches function results for reuse with the same arguments.
13148	Wraps a function to produce unique results within a specified number of attempts, caching them based on function name and arguments.
13149	Base method for registering sub-commands with an argument parser.
13150	Returns the root argument parser object with a description and formatter class.
13151	If description is not supplied, use the first sentence of the docstring.
13152	Get help text for command. If not supplied, use doc string.
13153	Executes the command with parsed arguments, running a subcommand if specified, and returns a status code.
13154	Encode wrapper for a dataset with maximum value, handling one or two-dimensional data and different data types.
13155	Retrieve all available athletes from an API response and return them as a DataFrame.
13156	Return the last n activity data.
13157	Parse a CSV response from an athlete endpoint into a memory-cached pandas DataFrame containing activity details with utility columns indicating the presence of heart rate, speed, power, and cadence data.
13158	Actually do the request for activity data from an endpoint, cache the result, and return a pandas DataFrame with the requested activity data.
13159	Constructs an athlete endpoint by combining a host and a quoted athlete name.
13160	Constructs the endpoint URL for an athlete's activity based on the host, athlete name, and filename.
13161	HTTP GET request to a GC REST API endpoint with response validation.
13162	Create a Heroku app-setup build using a tarball URL.
13163	Function to create URLs with authentication based on view type
13164	Returns a random title based on the specified languages and genders.
13165	Generate a random tuple representing person information based on specified languages and genders.
13166	Return a random last name, possibly in a specified language.
13167	Convert the axes tick data into dictionary data.
13168	Update the chart's dataset with the given data and series name.
13169	Renders the chart context and axes into the dict data by updating the chart type, dataset encoding, and various display options.
13170	Checks if a given type is valid and returns the proper type, or raises an exception if it is invalid.
13171	Returns the rendered URL of the chart by joining parts with '&' and replacing spaces with '+'.
13172	Open the chart URL in a web browser.
13173	Download a chart from a URL and save it as a PNG file with a specified or default filename.
13174	Grabs a readable PNG file pointer
13175	Returns a PngImageFile instance of the chart.
13176	Writes out PNG image data in chunks to file pointer fp.
13177	Return the unique SHA1 hexdigest of the chart URL param parts for unittesting.
13178	Return a random floating number within a specified range and with a specified number of decimal places.
13179	Decorator to assign an entity name based on the immediate superclass of the given class.
13180	This function returns either the local evidence (le) dictionary if the self object has no supervisor (sup), or a dictionary containing the union of the local evidence and the supervisor's local evidence, with supervisor's values taking precedence if there are duplicate keys.
13181	Builds a JWKS from the signing keys belonging to the self signer. Returns a dictionary containing a list of signing keys.
13182	Unpacks and verifies metadata statements from a JSON document or signed JWT.
13183	Given a MetadataStatement instance, this method generates a signed JWT with the specified parameters.
13184	Computes the resulting metadata statement from a compounded metadata statement.
13185	Remove MS paths that are marked to be used for another usage.
13186	Add signed metadata statements to a request.
13187	Parses command line arguments for file input and output, as well as an optional word to display in the concordance.
13188	Add logging options to an ArgumentParser.
13189	Applies logging options to loggers and handlers.
13190	Log a message at the 'verbose' level.
13191	Creates a map of letter frequency in a given word.
13192	Generate anagrams of a given word based on specified criteria and yield them as (word, score) tuples.
13193	Returns a class name formatted in an AMP Command-friendly manner, capitalizing each part separated by uppercase letters.
13194	Transforms a Go Metrics API metric result into a list of values for a given window period specified by start and end Unix timestamps in microseconds.
13195	Gets the most recent non-zero value from a timeseries or zero for empty data.
13196	Ensure the given 1-based page number is valid; raise exceptions if it is not.
13197	Get a page from an iterator, handling invalid input from the page number by defaulting to the first page.
13198	Change the file permissions of a file or directory
13199	Given a configuration and an entity identifier, initializes and returns an InternalSigningService instance.
13200	Factory that creates a SigningService instance based on configuration and entity ID.
13201	Creates a signed JWT for the given metadata statement using the specified signing algorithm and issuer.
13202	Sends a metadata statement signing request to a service and returns the response.
13203	Updates a metadata statement using a PUT request and returns the parsed response.
13204	Sends a GET request to the specified location to retrieve a signed metadata statement and returns a dictionary with 'sms' and 'loc' as keys.
13205	Main entry function to yield contents from a given dict.
13206	Return a bundle initialised by the given dict, updating the kwargs with the data's values and applying auto-filtering.
13207	Returns a combined list of URLs for assets of a specific type including those from dependencies and the asset itself.
13208	Returns HTML tags for URLs of a given asset type, considering dependencies and asset bundles.
13209	Returns a string containing all HTML tags for each asset type.
13210	Ensures the URL has a protocol (http or https), adding http if omitted.
13211	Returns a list of href destinations for all links at a given URL.
13212	Sends a message indicating connection to the AMP server and starts listening locally for AMP client.
13213	Get modules by project_abspath and packages_scan. Traverse all files under folder packages_scan which set by customer. And get all modules name.
13214	Imports customer's service modules, logs the imported modules, and handles import errors by raising an ImportModulesError.
13215	Converts a date string in various formats to a normalized and validated date range, returning the lower and upper date boundaries.
13216	Output a new dictionary containing only the selected fields from the original document.
13217	Map datetime objects in a document to a readable strftime string using a provided date map list.
13218	Outputs a cursor to a filename or stdout based on the format specified.
13219	Outputs all fields using a specified list, converting date fields as indicated.
13220	Given a list of tasks and a dependency graph, return the tasks that must be performed in the correct order.
13221	Adds default departments to a given project.
13222	Adds default asset types to a given project.
13223	Method to add or create default sequences for a given project.
13224	Add a random shot for each user in the project.
13225	Creates a rnd shot for every user and sets up default departments, asset types, and sequences when a project is saved.
13226	Creates a global shot after a sequence is saved.
13227	Creating all tasks for a given shot or asset.
13228	Ensures an open connection to the given peer and returns the actual peer ID.
13229	Sends a packet to a peer, establishing a connection if necessary and handling ongoing sends.
13230	Reads a customer's configuration value by section and key, converting it to the specified return type.
13231	Annotate functions for processing Nova notifications based on event types and store them in appropriate dictionaries or use wildcards.
13232	Registers a function to process Cinder notifications based on the event type.
13233	Register the decorated function to process neutron notifications based on the event type.
13234	Add functions for processing Glance notifications based on event types.
13235	Annotate a function to process Swift notifications based on event type, categorizing them into wildcard or non-wildcard events.
13236	Register the decorated function to process keystone notifications based on the event type.
13237	Annotate a function with heat notification processing based on event type.
13238	Adds a factory and calls ``factory.doStart``
13239	Removes a factory and calls its stop method.
13240	Attempts to connect using a given factory. This will find the requested factory and use it to build a protocol as if the AMP protocol's peer was making the connection. It will create a transport for the protocol and connect it immediately. It will then store the protocol under a unique identifier, and return that identifier.
13241	Receives some data for the given protocol.
13242	Disconnects the given protocol and removes it from the protocol store.
13243	Method to send a remote command using the factory's connection.
13244	Called when the connection has been established.
13245	Stores a reference to a multiplexed AMP connection, registers it with the factory, sends any buffered data, and clears the buffer.
13246	Handles incoming data by either buffering it or sending it over a multiplexed connection, logging the action.
13247	Actually send data over the wire.
13248	Handles the case where an AMP connection is lost by removing it from the factory's protocols dictionary.
13249	Attempts to retrieve a local protocol using a connection identifier.
13250	Some data was received from the remote end, the matching protocol is found and the data is replayed.
13251	Disconnects the given connection by losing the transport connection and returning an empty dictionary.
13252	Returns a centered string, padded with a specified fill character to a given line width.
13253	Prints a string with the current time right-aligned.
13254	Takes the parts of a semantic version number and returns a formatted string.
13255	Identify the unit framework (astropy, pint, or quantities) for a given target unit.
13256	Verify that a value has physical type consistent with user-specified units without converting the value.
13257	Applies padding to the data to make its length a multiple of the given block size using the specified padding style (PKCS7, ISO7816, or X923).
13258	Remove standard padding from a piece of data according to a specified block size and padding style.
13259	This interface is used to sign an extended request and return an augmented set of request arguments with a metadata statement.
13260	Gathers and returns metadata statements based on the provided Federation Operators and context.
13261	Prints anagrams for a given word, sorted by score or length, and indicates if the word is a valid Scrabble word.
13262	Parse command line arguments and return a tuple containing a list of words to search, a boolean to use the sowpods words file, a boolean to output anagrams by length, a string of starting characters, and a string of ending characters.
13263	Process a list of words, find their anagrams within a given length range, and print them in a pretty format.
13264	Called when data is received and handles it by enqueuing it and processing packets as they become available.
13265	Invoked if a packet with an unregistered type was received. Default behavior is to log and close the connection.
13266	Creates a callable stub for invoking a remote function using a given URL.
13267	Log a warning if no remote call is found for the given peer ID and call ID.
13268	Return a regex string and completer dict for command line options.
13269	Converts a string representation of a protocol buffer to a value using `amp.AmpList.fromStringProto` and returns the value.
13270	Wraps the object in a list, and then defers to ``amp.AmpList``.
13271	Verifies that an instance of the class adheres to specific restrictions, such as ensuring that either "signing_keys" or "signing_keys_uri" but not both are present, and that "metadata_statements" and "metadata_statement_uris" do not contain common keys.
13272	Parse simple JWKS or signed JWKS from the HTTP response.
13273	Performs a pg_dump backup and returns the status code and shell output.
13274	Retrieves a list of all databases on the server.
13275	Gathers all files under a specified path and returns their paths and MD5 hashes in a dictionary.
13276	Syncs a local directory with an S3 bucket, uploading files that have changed or do not exist in the bucket.
13277	Decorator that checks if the user has the required tokens for specified services.
13278	Handles user login, form validation, and session management.
13279	Dynamically build a command-line interface (CLI) based on the package structure.
13280	Return a closed read-only instance of Fridge created with the given arguments.
13281	Reload data from a file into memory, discarding existing data.
13282	Create a signed JWT containing a JWKS, signed by one of the keys in the JWKS.
13283	Creates a metadata statement signing request signed by one of the keys in 'signing_keys'.
13284	Wrap a unittest function with a library and call it only once.
13285	Recursively discovers and loads greencard tests from the specified directory.
13286	The `main` function serves as the command line entry point for a test runner, parsing arguments, and executing tests on a library database.
13287	Returns the Scrabble score of a letter. Raises a TypeError if a non-Scrabble character is supplied.
13288	Calculate the Scrabble score of a single word based on the letters in the rack and any question tiles.
13289	Opens a word list file and yields words matching optional start and end characters.
13290	Checks if a word can be played using a full set of Scrabble tiles.
13291	Searches for the best answer to a query using a search engine and prints the result or an error message if no result is found.
13292	Parse command line arguments and call the main function with the parsed arguments.
13293	Handle a JSON AMP dialect request, parse it, convert specific values, find the correct responder function, call it, and serialize the result or error.
13294	Gets the command class and matching responder function for the given command name.
13295	Parses values from a request based on the JSON AMP dialect and applies appropriate decoders.
13296	Runs the responder function and adds the _answer key to the response if it succeeds, or serializes the error if it fails with an error known to the command.
13297	Serializes the response to JSON and writes it to the transport.
13298	Tells the box receiver to stop receiving boxes, then calls the superclass method with the same reason.
13299	Builds a bridge and associates it with an AMP protocol instance, then returns a JSONAMPDialectReceiver object.
13300	Converts a JWKS string to a KeyJar instance.
13301	Upload a bundle from an unsigned JSON document and parse it into a KeyJar object for each issuer.
13302	Deals with Nova notifications by finding and executing a specific process based on the notification type, using wildcard matches if necessary, and falling back to a default process if no match is found.
13303	Handles cinder notifications by calling the appropriate process based on the event type, falling back to wildcard patterns or a default process if no exact match is found.
13304	This function handles a neutron notification by finding an appropriate process to handle it based on the event type, either from a dictionary of specific processes or a dictionary of wildcard processes, and then acknowledging the message.
13305	Handles a glance notification by determining the appropriate process to execute based on the event type and calling it with the given body and message, then acknowledging the message after processing.
13306	This function handles a swift notification by first trying to find a specific process in `swift_customer_process`, then falling back to a wildcard process in `swift_customer_process_wildcard`, and finally using a default process if none match. After processing, it acknowledges the message.
13307	Handles keystone notifications by finding an appropriate process from specific mappings or using a default process.
13308	This function handles heat notifications by finding a matching process from predefined lists or using a default process if no match is found, and then acknowledging the message.
13309	Serves the app using wsgiref or a provided server.
13310	Print 'msg' to stdout and optionally log it at the info level.
13311	Print 'msg' to stderr, and optionally log it at the info level.
13312	Decorator to register a CommandSubClass in the default set under its name.
13313	Decorator to register subclasses of Command.
13314	Checks constraints for the given value and then converts it to a string using the base argument's toString method.
13315	Converts a string to a value using the composed AMP argument and checks all constraints against that value.
13316	Merges a completion dictionary into an existing completer dictionary, updating keys with a unique UUID and regex pattern if duplicates are found.
13317	Start ternya work by importing service modules, initializing OpenStack MQ, and maintaining an auto-reconnecting connection.
13318	Initializes an OpenStack MQ connection and consumer, and returns the connection.
13319	Import customer's service modules.
13320	Enable listening to Nova notifications by creating consumers if notifications are enabled.
13321	Initialize Cinder consumer by setting up message queue and creating consumers if notification is enabled.
13322	Initialize and create consumer for OpenStack Neutron notification if enabled.
13323	Initiates Glance message consumption by creating a consumer if enabled in the configuration.
13324	Initialize an OpenStack heat consumer by creating multiple listeners if heat notifications are enabled.
13325	Check if customer enable openstack component notification based on the component type.
13326	Retrieves music information from a Baidu Music API based on a song ID.
13327	Downloads a music file in parallel using multiple threads.
13328	Execute a Python code object with optional globals and locals.
13329	Implement the LOAD_NAME operation to retrieve a value from the globals or builtins dictionary.
13330	Implement the CALL_FUNCTION operation by retrieving the callable from the stack, calling it with the specified arguments, and pushing the return value back onto the stack.
13331	Performs a mysqldump backup to create a database dump for a specified database, returning the status code and shell output.
13332	Renders Ditaa code into a PNG output file by creating a temporary input file, invoking the Ditaa command with the specified options, and handling any errors or warnings appropriately.
13333	Triggered during the 'finally' block of the Application.run method, logging the event and executing a function if one is assigned.
13334	Run the application's main method, handle exceptions, and exit with a return value.
13335	Change to directory `path` and return to CWD when exited.
13336	Merges the contents of a source directory into a destination directory, optionally following symbolic links.
13337	If an exception occurs, the function calls post_mortem debugging; otherwise, it sets trace for debugging.
13338	Find the last modified time of a file in nanoseconds, handling the case where the file might be in the middle of being written.
13339	Determine if an item has been modified since the last check by comparing modification times.
13340	Goes through a directory, building a local cache of files and their metadata.
13341	Deletes all information from the local cache and on disk.
13342	Rip the events from a given RSS feed, normalize the data, and store.
13343	Download the image from a URL and save it to a local directory, returning the local file path.
13344	Check if an image has changed since it was last downloaded using a head request.
13345	Parse tag parameters and return a template.Node subclass.
13346	Find and return the stack frame of the caller, including the source file name, line number, and function name.
13347	Recursive function to find the defining package (C_C) of a PE_PE object in a model using navigation through associations.
13348	Parse command-line options and launch the prebuilder with specified verbosity and output path.
13349	Finds a symbol in the symbol table by name, kind, or both.
13350	Determines if a PE_PE is contained within a EP_PKG or C_C.
13351	Check if a PE_PE is globally defined, i.e. not inside a C_C
13352	Helper function to convert a BridgePoint data type to a pyxtuml meta model type.
13353	Retrieves two lists of related attributes based on a filtering condition involving OIR_ID.
13354	Create a named tuple from a BridgePoint enumeration, handling keyword conflicts.
13355	Create a Python function from a BridgePoint bridge.
13356	Create a Python object from a BridgePoint external entity with bridges realized as Python member functions.
13357	Create a Python function from a BridgePoint function.
13358	Helper function to create a Python value from a BridgePoint constant based on its data type.
13359	Creates a Python function that interprets the action of a BridgePoint class operation based on the given parameters.
13360	Create a Python property that interprets the semantics of a BridgePoint derived attribute.
13361	Creates a pyxtuml class from a BridgePoint class.
13362	Creates a pyxtuml association from a simple association in BridgePoint.
13363	Creating pyxtuml associations from a linked association in BridgePoint.
13364	Creates a pyxtuml association from a R_REL in ooaofooa.
13365	creates a pyxtuml meta model from a BridgePoint model and optionally restricts to classes and associations contained in a specified component
13366	Calls a function and sends results to the collector, handling returns, yields, and exceptions appropriately.
13367	Sends an ACCEPT reply.
13368	Sends a REJECT reply with the specified information and call ID.
13369	Sends a RAISE reply containing exception information over a reply socket.
13370	Allocates a call id and emits a message to a collector.
13371	Waits for a call to be accepted by workers, collects results, and handles retries and limits.
13372	Dispatches the reply to the proper queue based on the method and updates the result accordingly.
13373	Guesses the type name of a serialized value based on its format.
13374	This method deserializes a value of a given type by converting it to the appropriate data type based on the specified type.
13375	Updates the end position of a token when an opening parenthesis is encountered.
13376	Updates the position of the right parenthesis token and returns it.
13377	Retrieve a feature collection by content identifier, optionally filtering by feature names.
13378	returns an iterable of feature collections corresponding to the list of content ids provided
13379	Adds multiple feature collections to the store.
13380	Deletes the corresponding feature collection, or does nothing if it does not exist.
13381	Deletes all feature collections from the Elasticsearch index with the configured document type.
13382	Deletes the underlying Elasticsearch index if it exists.
13383	Scan for FCs in the given id ranges and retrieve the specified feature names.
13384	Retrieve content IDs within specified ranges and optionally filter by feature names.
13385	Scan for FCs with a given prefix and retrieve a list of feature names.
13386	Scan for identifiers with a given prefix and yield content IDs.
13387	Perform a fulltext search and yield an iterable of triples (score, identifier, FC) corresponding to the search results.
13388	Performs a fulltext search for identifiers and yields an iterable of triples (score, identifier) corresponding to the search results.
13389	Keyword scan for feature collections using a query, which searches for FCs with terms in each of the query's indexed fields.
13390	Performs a keyword scan for ids using a given query, searching for FCs with terms in each of the query's indexed fields.
13391	Retrieves identifiers of FCs that have a feature value ``val`` in the feature named ``fname``.
13392	Maps feature names to the appropriate format for Elasticsearch's "_source" field.
13393	Creates ES filters for key ranges used in scanning. Returns a list of all filters.
13394	Creates the index with specified settings in Elasticsearch, handling the case where the index already exists.
13395	Create the field type mapping for an Elasticsearch index.
13396	This method retrieves the field mappings for debugging purposes, creating a dictionary with index types and configurations for both indexed and fulltext indexed features.
13397	This method retrieves the field types of a specified Elasticsearch index and document type, which can be useful for debugging purposes.
13398	Creates a disjunction for keyword scan queries based on the given feature names and terms.
13399	Returns the total size of a feature collection in bytes.
13400	Counts the total bytes of feature collections that satisfy one of the given filter predicates, binning the results by predicate.
13401	Constructs a nicely formatted string representation of a feature counter object.
13402	Handle command line options for the Find Known Secrets tool, parsing arguments and executing the appropriate logic based on user input.
13403	Escape the error and wrap it in a span with class "error-message".
13404	Create a human-readable representation of a link on the 'TO'-side
13405	Generate a human-readable representation of a unique identifier based on an instance and its attributes.
13406	Check the model for uniqueness constraint violations by iterating through each metaclass and its instances, verifying that identifier attributes are not null and that there are no duplicate combinations of indexed attributes.
13407	Checks for integrity violations on an association in a particular direction within a model, returning the count of violations.
13408	Checks for integer subtype associations and returns the count of integrity violations.
13409	Returns a function that creates an index for a given set of feature names in a feature collection.
13410	A basic transformation function for converting integers to byte strings and other values to lowercase UTF-8 strings.
13411	Adds feature collections to the store and optionally creates new indexes for each content object.
13412	Deletes all storage by clearing both the content object table and the index data table.
13413	Retrieve feature collections in a range of ids.
13414	Retrieves content ids within specified ranges or all ids if no ranges are provided.
13415	Return a generator of content identifiers that match an indexed value.
13416	Return a generator of content identifiers matching a prefix in an indexed value.
13417	Returns ids and keys that match a prefix in an indexed value
13418	implements a prefix scan on an index and returns transformed keys using a given function
13419	Adds an index to a store instance and specifies how to create and transform index values.
13420	Adds new index values for a given index name and pairs of content identifiers and feature collections.
13421	Adds a new index key to the raw index with the specified index name, content ID, and value.
13422	Return a generator of index triples for the ids and feature collections given.
13423	Returns index transforms for a given name, raising a KeyError if the index is not registered.
13424	Checks if a package name exists on PyPI by sending a HEAD request and handling HTTP responses.
13425	Adds direction to the element based on the specified argument and language direction.
13426	Get the xsd name of a S_DT based on its structure.
13427	Recursively retrieves the referred attribute by navigating through nested references.
13428	Construct an XML schema simpleType element based on the given S_CDT.
13429	Build an xsd simpleType out of a S_EDT.
13430	Build an xsd complexType out of a S_SDT.
13431	Build an xsd simpleType based on a S_UDT.
13432	Build a partial xsd tree based on the type of S_DT.
13433	Build an xsd complex element out of a O_OBJ, including its O_ATTR.
13434	Build an xsd complex element out of a C_C, including its packaged S_DT and O_OBJ.
13435	Build an XML schema from a bridgepoint component.
13436	This function indents an XML string with four spaces and adds an additional line break after each node.
13437	Fetches the full list of bikes from the bikeregister site using an asynchronous HTTP request and parses the response to extract the bike data.
13438	Set positional information on a node using lexer data and positions.
13439	Decorator for adding positional information to returning nodes.
13440	Updates the position of the lexer token `t` to account for the length of its value.
13441	Updates the end position of the token for the "!=" operator.
13442	Handles the token for the arrow operator "->".
13443	Recognizes the Less Than or Equal To token.
13444	Returns a lex token for a greater than or equal to operator.
13445	Sets the end position of the current token and returns it.
13446	Processes a dot (.) token and updates its end position.
13447	Handles the lexer token for an opening square bracket.
13448	Sets the end lexical position of a token.
13449	Sets the end position of the current token based on its current position and value, then returns the token.
13450	Updates the end position of the current lexeme and returns it.
13451	Updates the end position of a token for the greater-than character and returns the token.
13452	Updates the end position of the current token and returns the modified token.
13453	Create message content and properties to create queue with QMFv2
13454	Creates message content and properties to delete a queue using QMFv2.
13455	Return a tuple containing the content and query properties for listing all queues using QMFv2.
13456	Return a tuple containing the message content and query properties to list all exchanges with QMFv2.
13457	Queue Purge Message Content and Properties.
13458	Returns a dictionary containing the base64-encoded raw message body with attached files.
13459	Returns the text from an image at a given URL by downloading and processing the image if it has changed.
13460	Returns true or false based on if the OCR process has read actual words.
13461	Parse command line options, set logging level, load metamodel, and invoke the specified function.
13462	Serialize a value from an xtuml metamodel instance into a string representation based on its type, handling null and transferring values using type-specific functions.
13463	Serialize an xtuml metamodel association into a string representation.
13464	Returns a SQL CREATE TABLE statement for an xtUML metamodel class.
13465	Function for command line execution that searches files using n-grams based on user input and displays results.
13466	Searches for files that satisfy a given query by decomposing the query into ngrams, scoring documents based on the number of common ngrams, and returning the top results.
13467	elements in list partitioned into two lists based on condition
13468	Run the program with various options to search for information about specified locations, including stolen bikes, committed crimes, and nearby Wikipedia articles.
13469	Adds to the context BiDi related variables based on the current language direction.
13470	Find links that correspond to the given arguments based on their metaclasses and relationships.
13471	This method formalizes association and exposes referential attributes on instances, updating referential and identifying attributes accordingly and defining property setters and getters to manage these attributes.
13472	Compute the lookup key for an instance using a mapping of attribute names.
13473	Compute the index key for an instance based on attributes specified in key_map.
13474	Obtains the type of an attribute by name.
13475	Creates and returns a new instance, initializes its attributes with default values, sets positional and named arguments, and relates it to other instances based on referential attributes.
13476	Obtain a sequence of all instances in the metamodel.
13477	Defines a new class in the metamodel and returns its metaclass
13478	Sends a message with a header, payload, and topics through a ZeroMQ socket.
13479	Receives and parses messages through a ZeroMQ socket, applying a capture function to the received data.
13480	Manages dead code detection, running a vulture command and checking the number of lines.
13481	Takes a string or list of strings and returns all extracted email addresses.
13482	Marks a method as RPC and returns a partial function for further processing.
13483	Collects and stores methods from an application that are specified as RPC in a dictionary.
13484	Validates and normalizes a postcode in the URL if it exists.
13485	Advances to the next identifier and returns the current one.
13486	Process a System Model by recursively accepting its top-level packages.
13487	A Component contains packageable elements and accepts them recursively.
13488	A package contains packageable elements and this function accepts each child element in the package.
13489	Return the average brightness of the image.
13490	Indicates whether or not to enter a case suite based on the given value and patterns.
13491	Given a valid position in the text document, it finds and returns the position of the matching bracket, or -1 if unsuccessful.
13492	Convenience method for selecting a character.
13493	Updates the document formatting based on the new cursor position by clearing old formatting and potentially matching and highlighting bracket pairs.
13494	Returns the exception information with special handling for IronPython string exceptions.
13495	Create an input hook for running the Qt4 application event loop, using a custom input hook that interacts better with the readline package.
13496	Returns a Mapper instance with a given name, creating a new one if it doesn't exist.
13497	Decorator for registering a path pattern with optional method and type casting.
13498	Decorator for registering a simple path with optional method and type casting.
13499	Registers a path pattern with its associated function, method, and type casting information.
13500	Registers a simple path with a function and optional method and type casting.
13501	Calls the first function matching the URL pattern and method. Returns the function's return value or `None` if no function is called.
13502	Execute a command, store its history (if not hidden), and manage history edits.
13503	Handle the up key press in an input buffer, setting a search prefix and performing history navigation if not already locked, and then resetting the cursor position accordingly.
13504	Handles the down key press event in a text input widget, navigating through history or locking based on shift modifier.
13505	Sets the input buffer to a previous history item that matches the given substring, either as a prefix or substring, and returns whether the input buffer was changed.
13506	If possible, set the input buffer to a subsequent history item, searching by substring and prefix matching. Returns whether the input buffer was changed.
13507	Handles replies for code execution to update the maximum session history length.
13508	Check if history movement is locked.
13509	Retrieves a history item, possibly with temporary edits.
13510	Replace the current history with a new sequence of history items and reset the history edits and index.
13511	Store the current input buffer edits if any.
13512	Event handler for a button click that prints a message, flushes output, cleans up consoles, closes the window, and exits the application.
13513	Generates a list of Record objects given a DataFrame and optional data.
13514	Converts a list of Record objects into a pandas DataFrame.
13515	Processes a pandas DataFrame by applying a user-defined method to each row, returning the processed DataFrame.
13516	Initializes class attributes from a dictionary.
```
13517	Updates the SUB socket's subscriptions based on the current topics.
13518	Receive and parse a log message, then log it at the appropriate level.
13519	Performs an N-way merge operation on sorted lists, yielding tuples of the form (item, iterator) in ascending or descending order based on the provided key function.
13520	Return an iterator on an object living on a remote engine.
13521	Method for converting a notebook from version 1 to version 2 in the v2 format.
13522	Return this platform's maximum compatible version
13523	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
13524	Load the real StringIO on demand if available.
13525	Parse a version string into a chronologically-sortable key using a sophisticated algorithm that handles numeric, alpha, and pre-release versions.
13526	Return True when distribute wants to override a setuptools dependency. We want to override when the requirement is setuptools and the version is a variant of 0.6.
13527	Checks if a distribution already exists in the working set, and if not, adds it to the working set, updates associated keys, and notifies subscribers.
13528	Find all activatable distributions in a given plugin environment and return them along with any required dependencies.
13529	Return the absolute path to a cache location for an archive and optional subdirectories, ensuring the parent directory exists.
13530	Parse a single entry point from a string in the format "name=module:attrs [extras]".
13531	Special method for parsing and caching metadata.
13532	Recomputes the dependencies for a distribution, including condition expressions and handling extras.
13533	Function parses a notebook filename and returns the notebook format (json/py) and the notebook name.
13534	Remove unnecessary leading whitespaces from the given text, preserving newlines for specific headers.
13535	Reimplemented `hideEvent` to disconnect signal handlers and remove event filter.
13536	Reimplemented to connect signal handlers and event filter when the widget is shown.
13537	Return a cursor with text between the start position and the current position selected.
13538	Updates the current item in the list based on the selected text prefix. If no prefix is selected, the item is hidden.
13539	Registers the models of the app with the given "appName" for the admin site, excluding certain models.
13540	Return disk partitions.
13541	Returns system CPU times as a named tuple by summing each processor's user, system, and idle times.
13542	Returns system per-CPU times as a list of named tuples.
13543	Attempt a raw non-blocking read on stdin using the Win32 API.
13544	Use a blocking stdin read to get a single character from the input, replacing carriage returns with newlines and handling errors appropriately.
13545	Update visibility of the tabBar based on the number of tabs and close the widget if there are no tabs.
13546	This method creates a new frontend tab that is attached to the same kernel as the currently active tab.
13547	Insert a tab with a given frontend in the tab bar, give it a name, update the tab bar visibility, make the frontend visible, and connect the close_tab method to the exit_requested signal of the frontend.
13548	Adds an action to a menu and the widget itself, and sets the shortcut context to widget-only if specified.
13549	Returns a function that executes a given magic command on the current active frontend when called.
13550	Internal method to populate the "All Magics..." menu with a list of magic commands.
13551	Forward the close event to every tab contained by the window and prompt for confirmation if necessary.
13552	Generate a hashed password and salt for use in notebook configuration.
13553	Verify that a given passphrase matches its hashed version.
13554	Generate a HTML snippet for showing a boolean value on the admin page with optional explanatory text and AJAX functionality to toggle the value, or a static image for an override boolean.
13555	Generate a short title for an object and indent it based on the object's depth in the hierarchy.
13556	Utility method to collect all fields marked as editable booleans for a Django ModelAdmin instance
13557	Handle an AJAX request to toggle a boolean attribute of an object.
13558	Implement a lookup for object-level permissions, passing the obj parameter.
13559	Implement custom object-level delete permission logic in a TreeEditor admin.
13560	Prints a binary tree recursively
13561	Build a symmetrical binary tree graph with a specified number of levels.
13562	Returns a dictionary of results from submitting jobs in a specific order based on time dependencies described by a graph.
13563	Validate that jobs in a directed acyclic graph (DAG) executed after their dependencies.
13564	Builds a set of color attributes in a class using a helper function for *TermColors classes.
13565	Return a full copy of the ColorScheme object, optionally renaming it.
13566	Adds a new color scheme to the table if it's a valid ColorScheme instance.
13567	Set the actively used color scheme, considering case sensitivity.
13568	Return the lib directory under the 'home' installation scheme
13569	Process and handle messages from a kernel's iopub channel, adjusting outputs like stdout, stderr, pyout and status based on the message type.
13570	Method to capture raw_input and handle interrupts by wrapping the SIGINT handler.
13571	Wait for a kernel to be ready by running a cell and checking if the heartbeat channel is beating within a specified timeout.
13572	Sets the style to the specified Pygments style and clears any cached data.
13573	Returns a QTextCharFormat for a token, or None if not found.
13574	Returns a QTextCharFormat for the given token by formatting it and setting the HTML of the document accordingly.
13575	Converts a Pygments style into a QTextCharFormat for a given token.
13576	Searches the PATH for the given command and returns its path.
13577	Converts a path to its canonical, case-normalized, absolute version.
13578	Verify that namespace packages are valid.
13579	This method verifies that the entry_points map in a distribution's metadata is parseable, raising aDistutilsSetupError if it is not.
13580	Determine if the input string ends with a blank line or line of whitespace.
13581	Determine if the input source ends in two blanks, which could be either newlines or lines consisting of whitespace.
13582	Handle the `files = !ls` syntax by replacing it with an equivalent line of code that assigns the output of the `!ls` command to a variable.
13583	Transform the `a = %who` syntax into a valid assignment statement using the current IPython magic.
13584	Remove classic prompts from a given line if it starts with '>>> '.
13585	Handle inputs that start with classic IPython prompt syntax and remove the prompt from the line.
13586	Pushes lines of input and determines if they form a complete Python block.
13587	Returns whether a block of interactive input can accept more input based on whether it is complete, the indentation level, and the presence of a blank final line.
13588	Compute the new indentation level for a single line of Python input.
13589	Store one or more lines of input with an optional buffer and store them in a specified location.
13590	Returns the raw source and reset.
13591	Process lines when they start with `%%`, which marks cell magics.
13592	Append new content for a cell magic in line mode, store raw input, append to cell magic parts, and check if the last block is complete by looking for two contiguous blank lines.
13593	Process and translate a cell of input by resetting and pushing it, then performing a source reset.
13594	Return a status code indicating whether the given lines of IPython input form a complete Python block or not after processing all input lines for special IPython syntax.
13595	Initialize observer storage by creating sets for observed types and senders, and a dictionary to store observers.
13596	Posts a notification to all registered observers, passing the notification type, sender, and any additional arguments to their callback functions.
13597	Finds all registered observers that should receive a notification based on the given notification type and sender.
13598	Registers a callback to be called upon posting notifications of a given type and sender, receiving additional arguments passed to post_notification.
13599	Add a new background job and start it in a separate thread, whether based on an expression or a function object.
13600	Update the status of the job lists by moving finished jobs to the appropriate completed or dead lists and copying them to corresponding _report lists.
13601	Report summary for a given job group. Returns True if the group had any elements.
13602	Flushing a job group and returning True if it had any elements.
13603	Prints the status of newly finished jobs and returns True if any new jobs are reported.
13604	Print a status of all jobs currently being managed.
13605	This method performs common initialization for all BackgroundJob objects, setting attributes and initializing properties for job management and status tracking.
13606	Insert a value at a specific index in the ListVariable and rebuild the list.
13607	Return a shallow copy of the Environment.
13608	Declare an environment variable as a special variable with a specified separator and class, ensuring it hasn't been previously declared with a different class or separator.
13609	Declare an environment variable as a list-like special variable, using a specified separator.
13610	Declare an environment variable as a set-like special variable.
13611	Change the working directory that processes should be executed in.
13612	Swaps two cities in the route randomly.
13613	Calculates the total length of a route based on the distance matrix or city coordinates.
13614	Create an empty record with specified keys and values set to None.
13615	Ensure that an incorrect table doesn't exist. If a bad (old) table does exist, return False.
13616	Convert a list of values to a dictionary using specified keys.
13617	Turns a mongodb-style search dict into an SQL query.
13618	Standard warning printer with configurable message formatting and level-based behavior, including optional sys.exit() for severity level 4.
13619	Read a configuration file, validate it with a JSON schema, merge it with default values if provided, and return the loaded configuration.
13620	Output: Generates an HTML table from a list of rows and columns.
13621	Generate an HTML link tag with optional attributes.
13622	Output a script tag to a js file.
13623	Output a link tag to a CSS stylesheet, including handling relative paths.
13624	Create an HTML image tag with optional URL, alt text, classes, and style.
13625	Subtracts arg from value while handling numeric conversion errors gracefully.
13626	Multiplies two values after converting them to valid numeric types
13627	Divides the second argument by the first, handling various numeric types and errors gracefully.
13628	Returns the modulo of two values after ensuring they are valid numeric types.
13629	Return the verbose name of a model, for either a Model or ModelForm instance, with an option to capitalize it.
13630	Split user input into initial whitespace, escape character, function part and the rest.
13631	Register command-line options for parser.
13632	Extend the set of built-in functions with a new function or remove an existing one.
13633	Remove a builtin and reset the original.
13634	Restores the original built-in functions and clears any added built-ins.
13635	Finds the true URL name of a package by normalizing the given name and comparing it to links on the page fetched from the index URL.
13636	Yields all links with the given relations.
13637	Turn a command-line argument into a list, handling Windows-specific behavior for shell expansion.
13638	The `main` function serves as the entry point for the Coverage script, handling command-line arguments, measuring execution time, and managing exceptions that occur during the script's operation.
13639	Add a specialized option that is the action to execute.
13640	Append an option to the `actions` list.
13641	Parse command-line arguments and execute corresponding actions for coverage analysis.
13642	Display an error message, help for a named topic, or the help message for a coverage command-line interface.
13643	Handle help requests and return True if handled, False otherwise.
13644	Checks for conflicts and invalid arguments in command-line options.
13645	Execute a Python script, measure code coverage, and restore the original system path.
13646	Handle the debug command for coverage data, providing information about system or data collection.
13647	Reconstructs an object from serialized data buffers using recursion and handles different data types.
13648	Sets the hook and ensures it is the current display hook.
13649	Logs unhandled exceptions raised by a method, specifically for use with on_recv callbacks.
13650	Check if a string is a valid ZeroMQ URL
13651	Validates a ZeroMQ URL by checking its protocol, address format, and port (if applicable).
13652	Recursively validate a potentially nested collection of URLs.
13653	Helper method for pulling values from globals using keys
13654	Selects n random ports that are available and returns them.
13655	Turn a function into a remote function with optional blocking and additional flags.
13656	Turn a function into a parallel remote function.
13657	Calls a function on each element of a sequence remotely, returning an AsyncMapResult if self.block is False.
13658	Return the last n items in readline history.
13659	Set the autoindent flag, toggling it if no value is provided and checking for readline support.
13660	Initialize logging based on command-line requests.
13661	Save the state of hooks in the sys module.
13662	Restore the state of the sys module by setting its attributes back to their original values and resetting the main module if necessary.
13663	Registers a function to be called after code execution.
13664	Return a new 'main' module object for user code execution.
13665	A method to cache a main module's namespace in IPython to prevent memory leaks while allowing access to objects from the last execution.
13666	Initialize the user-visible namespaces and history lists to their minimum defaults.
13667	Returns a list of references to all the namespace dictionaries in which IPython might store a user-created object.
13668	Clear all internal namespaces and attempt to release references to user objects. If new_session is True, a new history session will be opened.
13669	Deletes a variable from various namespaces to prevent hidden references.
13670	Clear selective variables from internal namespaces based on a specified regular expression.
13671	A method that injects a group of variables into the IPython user namespace, with an option to list the variables using the 'who' magic command.
13672	Finds an object in the available namespaces, handling special cases for magic functions and literals.
13673	Second part of object finding, to look for property details.
13674	Returns a struct with info about an object found by name and its properties.
13675	The function `_inspect` in the given code is used to provide a generic interface to the inspector system, which allows calling methods like `pdef`, `pdoc`, and others, depending on the specified `oname` and `meth` arguments.
13676	Sets up the command history and starts regular autosaves.
13677	Handle exception hook for GUI apps by printing regular traceback using InteractiveTB.
13678	Display the exception that just occurred, or the full traceback if requested.
13679	Actually display a traceback, optionally allowing subclasses to override this method to direct the traceback to a different location.
13680	Displays the syntax error that just occurred, optionally replacing the filename in the exception.
13681	Handle auto-indent at the start of each line.
13682	Return the completed text and a list of completions.
13683	Adds a new custom completer function at a specified position in the completers list.
13684	Set the frame of the completer.
13685	Executes a line magic function if found, otherwise raises an error.
13686	Find and return a magic of the given type by name. Returns None if the magic isn't found.
13687	Define a new macro with a given name and action, where the action can be either a string or a Macro instance.
13688	Call the given command in a subprocess using os.system and store the exit code in user_ns.
13689	display - rewritten command Prints the rewritten form of the user's command for visual feedback.
13690	Return a dictionary of variable names and their string representations from the user's namespace.
13691	Evaluate a dict of Python expressions in the user's namespace and return a dict of their string representations.
13692	Evaluates a Python expression in the user namespace and returns the result.
13693	Execute an IPython file safely while handling exceptions and ensuring the script's directory is in sys.path.
13694	Call a cell magic with the stored data in self.
13695	A method that executes a complete IPython cell, handles cell magics, prefilters the cell, and manages history and output.
13696	The method `run_ast_nodes` executes a sequence of AST nodes based on the specified interactivity mode, handling different types of nodes and managing execution accordingly.
13697	Activates pylab support at runtime, optionally selecting a matplotlib GUI backend.
13698	returns a string with expanded variables.
13699	Creates a new temporary file, writes data to it if provided, registers the file for cleanup, and returns the filename.
13700	Returns a string containing a set of input history slices based on a given range string, with an option to use raw input history.
13701	Retrieves a code string from various sources such as history, file, URL, or user namespace, handling different encodings and potential errors.
13702	Cleanup operations and saving of persistent data that are done unconditionally by IPython should be performed here.
13703	Broadcast a message from one client to all others.
13704	send a message from one to one-or-more engines using a client.
13705	Skip the decorated test function if the condition is true and raise a SkipTest exception.
13706	Decorate a test function to raise a KnownFailureTest exception if the given condition is true.
13707	Filter deprecation warnings while running the test suite, optionally conditionally.
13708	List profiles in a given root directory that start with 'profile_' and return their names without the 'profile_' prefix.
13709	List profiles that are bundled with IPython.
13710	Method for finding a distribution matching a given requirement, raising a `VersionConflict` if the active distribution does not meet the requirement.
13711	Run a shell command and return the output as a string.
13712	Searches for an executable file in the system's PATH and returns its full path if found and executable.
13713	This method reads the next line from a file-like object and raises a StopIteration exception when the end of the file is reached.
13714	Sends a string to the child process, flushes the log files if applicable, and returns the number of bytes written.
13715	SIGINT sender
13716	Recompiles unicode regexes in the input pattern as bytes regexes, overriding this method in a subclass.
13717	Wait for a pattern to be found in the input stream and return the index of the first match.
13718	This function implements a loop that repeatedly searches for a pattern in a buffer until a match is found or a timeout occurs, handling various exceptions and updating internal state with the search results.
13719	Recompile bytes regexes as unicode regexes.
13720	This method searches for the first occurrence of any string in a buffer and returns the index of the matched string along with its start and end positions.
13721	Search for the first occurrence of a regular expression in a buffer and return the index of the matched string and set start, end, and match attributes.
13722	Log all updates to the given logger.
13723	"Unpacks a directory into a specified extraction directory, handling directories, files, and applying a progress filter."
13724	Emit a message to the user under the control of a debugging and verbosity flag, and direct the output to stdout or stderr accordingly.
13725	Get the output of the last executed command.
13726	Execute a shell command and return the output.
13727	Find and return the actual filename and source based on the given filename, considering different cases such as non-source files, existing source files, and source files in zip files or eggs.
13728	Return a list of arcs that were actually executed in the code sorted by the first and last line.
13729	Return a sorted list of the arcs in the code not executed.
13730	Return a sorted list of the executed arcs missing from the code, excluding arcs that connect a line to itself.
13731	Return a list of line numbers with more than one exit.
13732	Return the total number of branches with an exit count greater than 1.
13733	Return arcs that weren't executed from branch lines, grouped by starting branch line.
13734	Calculates statistics about code branches, including the total and taken exits for each line.
13735	Set the number of decimal places used to report percentages and update related thresholds.
13736	Calculate the percentage coverage based on executed statements and branches.
13737	Return the percent covered as a string without a percent sign, rounding to a specified precision and handling values close to 0 and 100.
13738	Applies class to all needles found in given text
13739	Returns the input string with specified keywords highlighted using a specified class name.
13740	Returns the input string with specified keywords highlighted in a given class.
13741	Runs a function `func` under an OS sandbox by temporarily replacing certain built-in functions and rolling back the changes afterward.
13742	Remove a single pair of quotes from the endpoints of a string if present.
13743	Returns an indented version of a given string.
13744	Creates a string that centers the input text within a 'marquee' of a specified width and mark character.
13745	Formats a string by removing LaTeX-type format codes for screen printing.
13746	Return a dedented version of the input text, ignoring unindented first line.
13747	Wraps multiple paragraphs to fit a specified width.
13748	Responsible for calculating the optimal number of columns, separator width, and row numbers to display a list of strings within a given display width.
13749	Return list item at index `i`, or `default` if index is out of bounds.
13750	Convert a list of strings into a nested list of strings in a nicely formatted columnar structure.
13751	Collects whitespace-separated fields from a list of strings based on the specified indices.
13752	Builds a list of command-line arguments to be passed to a kernel subprocess, optionally using a provided list and appending a specific kernel configuration argument.
13753	Sets up SSH tunnels for kernel connections, if needed.
13754	Pretty print the object's representation to a string.
13755	Prints an object to stdout in a pretty format with optional verbose output and custom width.
13756	Gets a reasonable method resolution order of a class and its superclasses for both old-style and new-style classes.
13757	The default print function for an object, used when the object does not provide one and is not a built-in type.
13758	Returns a pprint function useful for sequences.
13759	Factory function to create a pprint function for dictionaries and dict proxies.
13760	Formats the string representation of a super object for pretty printing.
13761	The _re_pattern_pprint function pretty prints a regular expression pattern by formatting its pattern string and flags.
13762	Generate a pretty-printed representation of a class or type.
13763	Base pprint for all functions and builtin functions.
13764	Base pprint for all exceptions.
13765	Add a pretty printer for a given type and return the old printer if it exists.
13766	Utility method to add a pretty printer for a type specified by module and type name
13767	Add literal text to the output and update the buffer width accordingly.
13768	Add a breakable separator to the output based on the current group's breakability.
13769	Ends a group by updating the indentation and removing the group from the stack if it's not breakable.
13770	Flush data from the buffer to the output.
13771	A method to recursively pretty-print an object by respecting its class and handling cycles through a stack.
13772	Create a color table for exception reporting with schemes for different color schemes.
13773	Write row with translations to ods file into specified sheet and row_no.
13774	Get the current clipboard's text on Windows.
13775	Retrieve and convert text from the clipboard on OS X to newline-terminated format.
13776	Return the clipboard's text using Tkinter.
13777	Generate a safe build prefix by creating a directory in the temporary directory or using an existing one if it meets certain conditions.
13778	Rekey a dictionary with string keys to integer or float keys, ensuring no key collisions.
13779	Examine a JSON object and extract any ISO8601 formatted dates.
13780	Convert datetime objects in a nested dictionary or list to ISO8601 strings.
13781	Convert datetime objects to ISO8601 formatted strings for JSON serialization.
13782	Clean an object to ensure it's safe to encode in JSON by converting sets and tuples to lists, copying lists and dicts, and casting floats to their reprs if out-of-range.
13783	Verifies if the installation directory is a valid .pth-capable directory and handles the installation accordingly.
13784	Write an executable file with the given contents to the scripts directory with the specified mode.
13785	Mutex lock to ensure thread safety during restocking operations.
13786	Return ArgumentParser configured with the command's description, epilog, help settings, and usage, including a version argument and any custom arguments added by the command.
13787	Converts all .pyx source files to .c source files in the self.sources list.
13788	Watch iopub channel and print messages
13789	A method that creates a package finder for an installation command, which may be overridden by subclasses.
13790	Adjust the log level when log_level is set.
13791	Starts logging for the application, defaulting to stdout with a `StreamHandler` and a log level of `WARN`, which can be adjusted.
13792	Ensures the flags dictionary is valid by checking the length and types of its values.
13793	Prints the help for aliases in a specific format.
13794	Prints the help string for flags.
13795	Prints the list of subcommands available, along with their descriptions.
13796	Print help for Configurable classes and their flags/aliases.
13797	Prints usage and examples for the application, formatted with a title and indentation.
13798	Updates the configuration by merging the new changes and triggers traits events.
13799	Initializes a subcommand with argv and sets up the subapp instance.
13800	Flatten flags and aliases by promoting those with exactly one descendant in the class list.
13801	Parse and handle command line arguments for command-line interface parsing and configuration updating.
13802	Loads a .py based config file by filename and path, handles exceptions and updates the configuration accordingly.
13803	Generates a default configuration file as a string from configurable classes.
13804	Choose k random elements from the input array.
13805	Converts a sequence of key-value pairs into a sequence of formatted lines.
13806	Writes a line of debug output with an optional process ID if the 'pid' option is enabled.
13807	Update class traits with config metadata based on corresponding config entries.
13808	Returns a string containing the help information for the given class in ReST format.
13809	Returns a help string for a single trait of a class, including its current value, default value, Enum choices, and metadata help.
13810	Returns a string that describes the configuration section of a class, including its description and configurable traits.
13811	Unset the `_instance` for the class and its singleton parents.
13812	Returns a global instance of a class, creating a new one if none exists and ensuring consistency across subclasses.
13813	Add detail from traceback inspection to error message of a failure.
13814	Prints a traceback and a small message to the usual traceback, optionally including a configuration command based on the current environment.
13815	Reimplemented to ensure that signals are dispatched immediately.
13816	Reimplemented to emit signal when channels start.
13817	Read a notebook from a file-like object and return its content.
13818	Reads from a pipe while ignoring EINTR errors.
13819	Open a command in a shell subprocess and execute a callback.
13820	Splits a command line's arguments in a shell-like manner and returns a list of tokens
13821	Compress a directory history into a new one with at most 20 entries, consisting of the first and last 10 elements while removing duplicates.
13822	A class decorator for subclasses of the main Magics class, ensuring that all line and cell magics methods are correctly registered in the class instance.
13823	Utility function to store a function as a magic of a specific kind in a dictionary.
13824	Create a decorator for methods in Magics subclasses that records the magic kind and name, and applies a call function to the decorated method.
13825	Decorator factory for registering functions as IPython magic commands.
13826	Return a dict of documentation for magic functions, with each docstring potentially truncated to the first line based on the brief parameter.
13827	Registers one or more instances of Magics with IPython to use their magic functions.
13828	Creates an IPython magic function from a standalone function with specified line and cell magic signatures.
13829	formats a string for latex inclusion
13830	Parse options from an argument string.
13831	Record an option string for a magic function in the options_table.
13832	Display a GUI Console reference page.
13833	Factory function to create a properly initialized task with the specified properties.
13834	Return task info dictionary from task label.
13835	Finds and returns a callable object from a task info dictionary based on the function type.
13836	Calculate the next run time for a scheduled task.
13837	Submit task for immediate running.
13838	Run a task callable with a message, handle iterations, and manage task lifecycle.
13839	Called an instance method to run a task immediately, updating the last run time, calculating the next run time, saving the instance, and submitting the task.
13840	Run a callable with a specified number of iterations, scheduling and delay options.
13841	Run a one-shot task immediately.
13842	Sets the URL file path, assuming the file exists and is valid.
13843	Promotes an engine to a listening kernel, making it accessible to frontends.
13844	reads a YAML file describing a test, validates it, and executes it if the validation is successful.
13845	Create an interrupt event handle using the CreateEventA function from the kernel32 library.
13846	Run the poll loop indefinitely, listening for interruptions from provided handles.
13847	Filter a namespace dictionary by matching name patterns and item types, with options to ignore case and show hidden items.
13848	Return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter.
13849	Check for the presence of mutually exclusive keys in a dictionary and raise a ValueError if both keys are found.
13850	Handle the final drawing call to a newly created figure; append the figure to the list to be drawn on the next call to 'show()'. If matplotlib was manually set to non-interactive mode, this function should be a no-op.
13851	Flush all figures that changed, sending them if necessary and handling exceptions safely in IPython.
13852	Draw the given figure and send it as a PNG or SVG payload.
13853	Load an IPython extension by its module name.
13854	Unloads an IPython extension by its module name.
13855	Generate a list of n random ports near the given port, with the first 5 ports being sequential and the remaining randomly selected within a specified range.
13856	Initialize Tornado webapp and HTTPServer with SSL options if specified, set password, and find a free port to listen on.
13857	Handle SIGINT by spawning a confirmation dialog in a background thread.
13858	Confirm shutdown on ^C with a 5-second timeout and restore original SIGINT handler if not answered or answered with 'n'.
13859	Shuts down all kernels explicitly to allow the KernelManagers to clean up connection files.
13860	Price European and Asian options using a Monte Carlo method. Returns a tuple of option prices.
13861	Replace in 'text' all occurrences of any key in the given dictionary by its corresponding value.
13862	Render the code snippet without justifying or updating the width or txtwidth attributes.
13863	Launches a localhost kernel, binding to the specified ports and executing the provided code.
13864	Creates a zip file for the given context by copying the original zip file and appending the version number.
13865	Fix the version in metadata.txt using the new_version from the context.
13866	Returns whether an object is mappable or not.
13867	Returns the pth partition of q partitions of the given sequence.
13868	Monkeypatches pexpect to prevent unhandled exceptions at VM teardown by modifying the __del__ method to make it more robust in the face of failures that can occur during the Python VM shutdown.
13869	Run a given code file interactively and optionally get its output.
13870	Run the given source code interactively and capture the output if requested.
13871	Generate a Cobertura-compatible XML report for a given set of modules or filenames.
13872	Adds a detailed XML element for a single file's analysis to an overall XML report.
13873	Download a segment of pi file from super-computing.org if it is not already present.
13874	Summarize the following code snippet into a single sentence.
13875	Calculate the frequency of n-digit sequences in a file containing digits of pi.
13876	Yields the digits of pi read from a .txt file.
13877	Compute the frequency counts of each digit in a given sequence and optionally normalize the counts.
13878	Computes the frequency counts of two-digit patterns in a sequence of digits, optionally normalizing the counts.
13879	Consume digits of pi and compute frequency counts for n digits, optionally normalizing the results.
13880	Plot a 10x10 frequency matrix of two-digit combinations using matplotlib.
13881	Plot single digit frequency counts of pi using matplotlib.
13882	Prints the value of an expression from the caller's frame, optionally with a custom message.
13883	Returns a URL with optional query parameters based on the view and provided arguments.
13884	Check if a given base string begins with an underscore but not with two underscores.
13885	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
13886	Debug a single doctest docstring in the argument `src`.
13887	Debug a test script by writing it to a temporary file and using pdb for debugging.
13888	Debug a single doctest docstring by providing the module and object name, and optionally enabling powerful mode.
13889	Get all data contained in hashed category 'hashroot' as a sorted dictionary, handling corrupt files and un caching them.
13890	Compresses a category by merging its contents into a single dictionary and removing individual files.
13891	Get all keys in the database, or all keys matching a glob pattern.
13892	records filter
13893	Return the bool of whether `record` starts with any item in `matchers`.
13894	Undocumented
13895	Embed an IPython shell in the current program.
13896	Embeds IPython into a running python program with optional parameters for local and global namespaces, stack depth, and display banner.
13897	Prepares new csv writers, writes title rows, and returns them.
13898	Prepare locale directories for writing PO files by creating new directories if they don't exist.
13899	Write parsed entries to PO files, add metadata and comment.
13900	Write header into po file for specific lang with metadata read from settings file
13901	Subscribe a user to a service.
13902	Initialize an option parser to handle command-line arguments for Notifo API settings and notification options.
13903	Run a python module as though with ``python -m name args...``.
13904	Run a Python file as if it were the main program on the command line, handling the execution, code object creation, and module setup.
13905	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
13906	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
13907	Converts a matrix of data into an HTML table with optional selection and header/footer rows.
13908	Set the current cursor position within a range, adjusting start and stop positions as needed to prevent values from being too close to the minimum or maximum bounds.
13909	Reset internal variables and clear temporary buffer of the console when completing is canceled.
13910	Change the selection index in a grid while ensuring it stays within valid bounds, wrapping around at the edges.
13911	Move cursor up
13912	Move cursor down.
13913	move cursor left
13914	Move cursor right
13915	Update the list of completion and highlight the currently selected completion.
13916	counts the frequency of each word in a given text
13917	Print the n most common words and counts in the freqs dictionary.
13918	This function generates a string representation of a job description XML by serializing the XML element, indentation, and removing ordering tokens.
13919	Write the XML job description to a file.
13920	The `validate_pin` function checks if the given pin dictionary is valid according to the pin schema. If the pin is valid, it returns; otherwise, it raises a `DocumentError` with the validation errors.
13921	Sends a shared pin for the given topics
13922	Deletes a shared pin using its ID and handles potential HTTP errors.
13923	Sends a user pin to a specified url after validating it if required.
13924	Deletes a user pin by making an HTTP DELETE request.
13925	Subscribes a user to a given topic and raises an HTTPError if an HTTP error occurs.
13926	This interface is used to retrieve the list of topics a user is subscribed to based on the provided user token.
13927	Decorate a function to automatically begin and end a task on the progress monitor.
13928	Initialize and start a progress monitor with a total amount of work, an optional name, and an optional message.
13929	Wrap code execution within a begin and end call on the monitor.
13930	Create a submonitor with the given units and ensure it is closed properly
13931	Increments the monitor with a specified number of units worked and an optional message, notifying listeners of the update.
13932	Creates a sub-monitor to track a specified number of units of work within this progress monitor, associates it with a listener for updates, and returns the sub-monitor.
13933	Signal that a task is done and update the progress with an optional message.
13934	Print a string, piping through a pager using IPython's payload system.
13935	If the build location was a temporary directory, this will move it to a new more permanent location.
13936	Load multiple Python config files, merging each of them in turn.
13937	Load the configuration from a file and convert it to a Struct.
13938	Load the config file into self.config, with recursive loading.
13939	Method for updating configuration sections from a flag, which can be a dict or Config object.
13940	Given a list of arguments, decode each argument from bytes to a unicode string using the specified encoding, or a default encoding if not provided.
13941	Parse the configuration and generate the Config object by handling command-line arguments, aliases, and flags, and store any unparsed arguments in `self.extra_args`.
13942	Parses command line arguments and returns a Config object.
13943	Decode command-line arguments and parse them using a parser.
13944	Converts parsed data to configuration and parses extra arguments using KVLoader.
13945	Locate the full path of a module, ignoring bytecode files.
13946	Registers a callback to be called with this Launcher's stop_data when the process actually finishes.
13947	Trigger startup actions by logging process startup and setting the state to 'running'.
13948	Trigger process stop actions, log the process stopping, set the state to 'after', and call registered callbacks.
13949	Sends an INT signal, waits for a delay, and then sends a KILL signal if the process is not terminated.
13950	The method constructs and returns a list of arguments for an MPI command based on various fields such as `mpi_cmd`, `n`, `mpi_args`, `program`, and `program_args`.
13951	Start n instances of the program using mpiexec.
13952	Send a single file to a remote location using SCP and wait for it to exist locally.
13953	Fetch a single file from a remote location using SCP, with a timeout of up to 10 seconds to wait for the file to be available.
13954	Determines the total engine count from the `engines` dictionary, handling tuples and lists.
13955	Start engines by profile or profile_dir, ignoring `n` and using the `engines` config property instead.
13956	Submit a job using the Win HPC job scheduler and return the job ID.
13957	Returns a dictionary with default values for basic keys
13958	Parse the output of the submit command to extract and return the job id.
13959	Write a batch script to the work_dir.
13960	Submit a request to start multiple copies of a process using a batch system and return the job ID.
13961	Reimplement to return a custom context menu for images with options to copy and save the image or SVG format.
13962	Append raw JPG data to the widget.
13963	Append raw PNG data to the widget.
13964	Appends raw SVG data to the widget.
13965	Adds the specified QImage to the document and returns a QTextImageFormat that references it.
13966	Copies the ImageResource with the specified name to the clipboard
13967	Returns the QImage stored as the ImageResource with the given name.
13968	Inserts a raw image into a cursor position, handling both jpg and png formats and inserting plain text if invalid data is received.
13969	Inserts raw SVG data into the widget.
13970	Shows a save dialog for saving an image with the specified format.
13971	Watches for the exit_now event and shuts down the even loop when it is triggered.
13972	Configure the user's environment to enhance terminal settings and disable pagination in subprocesses.
13973	This method `auto_rewrite_input` is called to display the auto-rewritten input for autocall and friends, but currently has an issue as the payload is not processed correctly by the frontend.
13974	Engage the exit actions by setting `exit_now` to `True` and sending a payload to the payload manager.
13975	Send specified text to frontend for next input cell.
13976	Read a filename as UTF-8 configuration data.
13977	Read a list of strings from a configuration section and option, split by commas and newlines, strip whitespace, and return the list.
13978	Reads a list of full-line strings from a configuration section and option, splits the value by newlines, strips whitespace, and returns the list.
13979	Reads a configuration value from an environment variable and sets a flag based on the content of that variable.
13980	Read config values from `kwargs` and set them to attributes.
13981	Read and parse configuration from a .rc file, updating the object's configuration and paths accordingly
13982	Sets an attribute on `self` if it exists in the ConfigParser.
13983	Expand '~'-style usernames in strings and return the expanded path along with information about whether any expansion was performed and the value that ~ was replaced with.
13984	Update regex pattern for line splitting based on provided delimiters.
13985	Split a line of text with a cursor at the given position and return the substring after the last delimiter.
13986	u Return a list of all keywords, built-in functions, and names that match a given text in a specified namespace or global namespace.
13987	Returns a list of attribute names matching the given text, considering the namespace and global namespace.
13988	Updates the delimiter settings for the splitter and readline components based on the value of the 'greedy' parameter.
13989	Matches filenames, expanding ~USER type strings and handling filenames with spaces.
13990	Returns valid aliases for text if the text is the beginning of one or if it is 'sudo'.
13991	Matches attributes or global Python names based on the input text.
13992	Returns the list of default arguments of a callable object, or an empty list otherwise.
13993	Find completions for the given text and line context.
13994	Returns the state-th possible completion for 'text'.
13995	Check if a specific record matches given tests.
13996	Find all the matches for a check dictionary.
13997	extracts a subdictionary from a given record containing specified keys and a message ID
13998	Determines whether to silence the display hook based on if the input ends with a semicolon.
13999	Writes the output prompt to based on the current shell's prompt manager.
14000	Write the format data dict to the frontend.
14001	Log the output to the logger and history manager if logging is enabled.
14002	Raises an `InvalidOperationException` if the object is frozen.
14003	Convert a MySQL TIMESTAMP string to a Timestamp object.
14004	Schedule call to eventloop from IOLoop
14005	Dispatch control requests by parsing message identity, unserializing the message, and invoking the appropriate control handler or logging an error if the message type is unknown.
14006	`dispatch_shell` handles shell requests by flushing control requests, feeding identities, unserializing messages, logging details, and invoking appropriate handlers while managing message IDs and signals.
14007	Registers dispatchers for streams.
14008	Step event loop just once by flushing control and shell streams.
14009	Publish the code request on the pyin stream.
14010	Aborts a specific message by ID.
14011	Clear our namespace.
14012	Returns a modified topic string prefixed with either "engine" or "kernel" based on the integer ID of the object.
14013	Actions taken at shutdown by the kernel, including sending a shutdown message and flushing output streams.
14014	Copy sys.modules onto my mod stack
14015	Restore sys.modules to its state when the mod stack was pushed.
14016	Return absolute, normalized path to directory, if it exists; None otherwise.
14017	Returns True if the given name is file-like, i.e., it is a path that exists, has a directory part, ends in .py, or is not a legal Python identifier.
14018	Checks if an object is a class.
14019	Checks whether a given path is a package directory by verifying if it is a directory, ends with a valid Python identifier, and contains `__init__.py`, `__init__.pyc`, or `__init__.pyo` files.
14020	Determines the full dotted package name for a given Python source file, returning None if it's not a Python source file.
14021	Draws a 70-char-wide divider with a label in the middle.
14022	function that puts items that match a regular expression last
14023	Make a function appear as if it is located in a different module.
14024	Transplants a class to appear to reside in a different module.
14025	Return system CPU times as a namedtuple.
14026	Return the command line arguments of a process as a list.
14027	Return a list of files opened by a process with a given process ID.
14028	Return network connections opened by a process as a list of namedtuples.
14029	Check if a user is in a certain group, bypassing the check for superusers if specified.
14030	Returns a class instance loaded from a fully qualified class path.
14031	Calculate the percentage usage of 'used' against 'total'.
14032	Decorator that caches the results of a function to improve performance.
14033	Decorator that can be used to mark functions as deprecated, optionally providing a replacement function name and updating the function's docstring with deprecation information.
14034	Login into Google Docs with user authentication info.
14035	Parse GDocs key from Spreadsheet URL.
14036	Ensure the temporary directory exists, creating it if necessary.
14037	Clears temporary files created during communicator operations from the specified path.
14038	Uploads a file to a GDocs spreadsheet with an optional content type.
14039	Synchronizes local po files with translations on GDocs Spreadsheet by downloading csv files, merging them, converting to po files, and uploading new ods files if necessary.
14040	Downloads CSV files from GDocs, converts them into PO files, and clears temporary files.
14041	Uploads all po files to GDocs, converting them to ods and ignoring conflicts.
14042	Clear GDoc Spreadsheet by sending an empty CSV file.
14043	Start a new PyQt console connected to the kernel's connection file and profile.
14044	Check if a URL is accessible and return True if the HTTP response code is 200, otherwise raise an exception.
14045	Check whether the HTML page contains the content or not and return boolean.
14046	Visit a URL and return the HTTP response code as an integer.
14047	Helper function that compares the content type header of a given URL with the provided content type and returns a boolean result.
14048	Compare the response code of a URL with a given code and return a boolean value.
14049	Validate display data by checking types of source, data, and metadata.
14050	Clear the output of the cell receiving output.
14051	Find absolute path to executable cmd in a cross platform manner.
14052	Construct a list of CodeUnits from polymorphic inputs, including handling wildcard patterns on Windows.
14053	Method returns a flat filename based on the code unit's module name or file path, replacing special characters with underscores.
14054	Returns an open file for reading the source of the code unit, or raises an exception if the source cannot be found.
14055	Return whether a file should contain Python code based on its extension.
14056	Return total seconds from Timedelta object in a Pythonic way
14057	Wait for the result of a remote call and return it if it arrives within the specified timeout, or raise a `TimeoutError` if it does not.
14058	Wait until the result is available or until `timeout` seconds pass, then process and store the results.
14059	Convert the results to a dictionary, keyed by engine_id, and raise an error if multiple jobs were run on the same engine.
14060	Cancel running tasks.
14061	Return elapsed time since initial submission
14062	Prints progress of a task at regular intervals until the task is complete or a timeout occurs.
14063	Republish individual displaypub content dicts with updated metadata.
14064	Wait for the 'status=idle' message indicating all outputs are ready or for the timeout to elapse.
14065	Waits for results to complete with an optional timeout.
14066	Return the absolute normalized form of `filename`.
14067	Prepare file patterns for use in a `FnmatchMatcher` by handling wildcard patterns and making non-wildcard patterns absolute.
14068	Retrieve the path separator used in the string or os.sep if none.
14069	Recursively yields all Python files in `dirname`, ensuring they are in a directory with an `__init__.py` (except for the top-level directory).
14070	Return the relative form of a filename based on the current directory of the `FileLocator`.
14071	Convert a filename to its canonical form.
14072	Attempt to read data from a file within a zip archive specified by `filename`, returning the data if successful or None if the file or archive is not found.
14073	Function to check if a file path indicates a file within any of the specified directories.
14074	Determines if a given file path matches any of the specified filename patterns.
14075	Map `path` through aliases using regex patterns, replacing the root with the result root and matching the separator style.
14076	Start a kernel with PyQt4 event loop integration.
14077	Start a kernel with wx event loop support.
14078	Starts a kernel using the Tk event loop.
14079	Starts the kernel, coordinating with the GTK event loop
14080	Start the kernel, coordinating with the Cocoa CFRunLoop event loop via the matplotlib MacOSX backend.
14081	Enable integration with a given GUI, handling kernel selection and event loop compatibility.
14082	Return an NxN element of the Gaussian Orthogonal Ensemble.
14083	Compute the eigenvector of matrix mat and then find the center eigval difference.
14084	Generates `num` differences between the center eigenvalues of `num` random matrices from the Gaussian Orthogonal Ensemble of size `N`.
14085	Initialize the item by calling the class constructor with appropriate arguments.
14086	Parse a YAML file containing test steps and return a list of ``Step`` objects.
14087	Parses a step dictionary and returns a list of steps while handling different types of actions and modifiers, as well as validating the configuration.
14088	Create a crash handler that sets `sys.excepthook` and registers a cleanup function to restore the default handler on exit.
14089	Load the config file and handle errors accordingly.
14090	Initializes the profile directory for IPython, handling cases where the location is explicitly specified or needs to be found or created.
14091	Autogenerates a default config file and stages it into the profile if needed.
14092	Write the collected coverage data to a file with an optional suffix.
14093	Erase the data, both in the current object and from its file storage if applicable.
14094	Return the map from filenames to lists of line numbers executed.
14095	Return a dictionary mapping filenames to sorted lists of line number pairs.
14096	Writes the coverage data to the specified file in pickle format.
14097	Read the coverage data from `filename`.
14098	Return the raw pickled data from a specified filename.
14099	Reads Coverage data from the given file and populates it into lines and arcs.
14100	Combines data from multiple files into a single object, optionally mapping paths using a `PathAliases` object.
14101	Add executed line data to the instance, updating the lines dictionary with the provided file names and line numbers.
14102	Adds measured arc data to the arcs dictionary, updating existing data with new entries.
14103	Update the hasher with the content of the file, including executed lines and arcs.
14104	Returns a dictionary summarizing the coverage data with keys based on file names and values as the number of executed lines, optionally using full paths.
14105	Yield pasted lines until the user enters the given sentinel value.
14106	Start the mainloop, optionally overriding the default banner with a custom one.
14107	This method stores multiple lines as a single entry in history by removing existing entries and adding a new, concatenated entry if certain conditions are met.
14108	Write a prompt and read a line from the user.
14109	Handle and fix a syntax error by reading and displaying the offending file.
14110	Checks if the given syntax error should trigger recompilation based on the file type and user input.
14111	Handle interactive exit by calling the ask_exit callback if confirmation is required or directly if not.
14112	Return the (url, revision) tuple.
14113	Create and return a new frontend with a new kernel launched on localhost.
14114	Configure the coloring of a widget based on various configuration settings.
14115	Returns the connection info for this object's sockets.
14116	Convert an R object to one suitable for ipython's namespace, optionally returning a structured array if it's a data.frame.
14117	Retrieve the source code and starting line number for an object in Python.
14118	Set colors for the active scheme and debugger.
14119	Switch the active color scheme between the current one and 'NoColor'.
14120	Return formatted traceback.
14121	Returns a color formatted string with the traceback info.
14122	display - format list of traceback entry tuples for printing
14123	Formats the exception part of a traceback into a list of strings.
14124	Only print the exception type and message, without a traceback.
14125	Invoke the pdb debugger if desired, always cleaning up the tb reference.
14126	Switch to the desired mode, cycling through available modes if none specified, and update related properties accordingly.
14127	Decorator for views that requires a user to be in a specific group, redirecting to the login page if necessary, and skipping the check for superusers if specified.
14128	Handle 'from module import a, b, c' imports and ensure the items are imported correctly.
14129	Add a line of source code with proper indentation and newline.
14130	Adds a section, which is a sub-CodeBuilder, to this class and returns it.
14131	Compile the code and return the function `fn_name`.
14132	Generates a Python expression for a given expression by recursively processing its components and applying functions or dot notation.
14133	Template rendering with an optional context update.
14134	Evaluate dotted expressions at runtime.
14135	A shortcut function to render a partial template with context and return the output.
14136	Activate the default formatters and return a dictionary mapping their format types to instances of the formatters.
14137	Utility method to add or retrieve a format function for a given type
14138	Utility method to register a custom format function for a type specified by its full module and name, optional restoration of the old format function is also supported
14139	set float_format based on float_precision, update numpy print precision if imported
14140	Return path to any existing user config files after expanding user paths.
14141	Configure the testing environment for nose, including parsing command-line arguments, updating options, and setting up paths, includes, excludes, and plugins.
14142	Configures logging for nose, optionally for other packages, setting debug levels and handling log outputs based on verbosity and configuration.
14143	Configure the working directory or directories for the test run.
14144	The function `page_dumb` is a simple text pager in Python that prints the provided string to the console, allowing the user to view it line by line if the string is longer than the specified number of lines (`screen_lines`).
14145	Print a string, piping through a pager after a certain length, or use a simple pager if none is available.
14146	Page a file, using an optional pager command and starting line.
14147	Return a pager command based on the OS and environment variable.
14148	Generate a string for paging files with an offset.
14149	Prints a string, snipping the middle to fit within a specified width, and prompts for full view if necessary.
14150	Convert a sympy Basic object to a string using Unicode characters, with optional cycle handling.
14151	Display a sympy expression as an inline PNG image using LaTeX.
14152	Generate a PNG image of a sympy expression displayed in LaTeX format.
14153	Returns True if the object or its elements can be printed with LaTeX.
14154	Generates the LaTeX representation of sympy expressions, replacing specific symbols and handling fallback cases.
14155	Adding options to a parser for backward compatibility.
14156	Validates that the input is a list of strings, raising a ValueError if not.
14157	validates that a dictionary has string keys and values, raising a ValueError if not
14158	Runs a loop, handling EINTR events and other exceptions as specified.
14159	Handle received message by unpacking it and calling appropriate handlers.
14160	Execute code in a kernel with options for silent execution, pulling user variables and expressions, and handling standard input.
14161	This method sends a completion request message to the kernel's namespace and returns the message ID of the sent message.
14162	This function sends a request for metadata information about an object and returns the message ID of the sent request.
14163	This method is used to get entries from the history list.
14164	Request an immediate kernel shutdown and return the message ID.
14165	Called to immediately process all pending messages on the SUB channel, with an optional timeout.
14166	Send a string of raw input to the kernel.
14167	Starts the channels for this kernel, creating and starting them if they do not exist, and handling their respective parameters for standard input, standard error, heartbeats, and shell communication.
14168	Stops all running channels for this kernel.
14169	Check if any of the channels are created and running.
14170	Loads connection information from a JSON file into an object's attributes.
14171	Write connection info to JSON dict in self.connection_file and update port values.
14172	Starts a kernel process and configures the manager to use it, handling connection file creation and port configuration.
14173	Attempts to stop the kernel process cleanly and kills it if necessary, with specific handling for Windows platforms and graceful shutdown procedures.
14174	Restarts a kernel with the same launch arguments, with an option to force an immediate restart or allow a clean shutdown, and updates any specified keyword arguments.
14175	Kills the running kernel, handling exceptions for process termination on Windows and Unix.
14176	Interrupts the kernel using signal or event depending on the platform, or raises an exception if no kernel is running.
14177	Sends a signal to the kernel if it exists, otherwise raises a RuntimeError.
14178	Check if the kernel process is still running.
14179	Provides initialization and access to a shell channel object
14180	Get the SUB socket channel object, creating it if it doesn't already exist.
14181	Get the heartbeat socket channel object to check that the kernel is alive, caching it if necessary.
14182	Binds an Engine's Kernel to be used as a full IPython kernel.
14183	Emit a debugging message if the provided level is less than or equal to the object's debug level.
14184	Retrieves and returns a list of extension classes sorted by priority.
14185	Returns whether a step should be skipped based on extensions.
14186	Calls post-step extensions after executing a step and returns the result.
14187	Finalizes the processing by allowing extensions to emit additional data and potentially alter the return value.
14188	Walk an unpacked egg's contents, skipping the metadata directory
14189	Check whether a module possibly uses unsafe-for-zipfile stuff by examining its symbols and code.
14190	Details for creating and running the IPython controller, handling potential infinite loop issues on Windows.
14191	Save a connection dictionary to a JSON file with the specified filename and update the location if not provided.
14192	Load a configuration from a JSON file.
14193	Loads secondary configuration from JSON, handles exceptions, sets default values, logs changes, and updates configuration.
14194	Parallel execute a cell with specified block and groupby options, and save the result if specified.
14195	Enable %autopx mode by overriding the run_cell method and installing pxrun_cell.
14196	Disable `%autopx` by restoring the original `InteractiveShell.run_cell`.
14197	Execute code remotely instead of in the local namespace.
14198	Process task runs from CLOCK_CHANNEL, discarding old ticks.
14199	"Internal ``RUN_TASK`` consumer to run the task's callable"
14200	Remove a task from the database using its ID
14201	Patch the protocol's makeConnection and connectionLost methods to make the protocol and its transport behave more like what `Agent` expects.
14202	Patch a method onto an object if it isn't already there.
14203	Accept and handle a pending connection.
14204	Rejects a pending connection with an optional reason.
14205	Returns an IAgent for making requests to a fake server with optional reactor and contextFactory.
14206	Calls pre and post save hooks, saves the form object, and handles redirection.
14207	Calls pre and post delete hooks for DeleteViews.
14208	Use `SaveHookMixin`'s `pre_save` to set the user.
14209	Writes a report summarizing coverage statistics per module
14210	Check whether some modules need to be reloaded.
14211	Open the default editor at the given filename and linenumber, waiting for it to close before continuing.
14212	Open an editor at the given filename, add an error marker at the specified line and column, and show an error message. If VIM is not used, fallback to the 'editor' hook.
14213	Return text from the clipboard.
14214	This method adds a function to a command chain with a specified priority and sorts the chain based on the priority.
14215	Try to create a Distribution from a given path or module, handling different types of input and returning the appropriate distribution type.
14216	Configure the plugin to trigger on specified exceptions based on the given options.
14217	Import a module from a string name and return the specified object from that module.
14218	Attempt to establish an SSH connection without a password using either paramiko or openssh.
14219	Try passwordless login with shell ssh command.
14220	Attempts passwordless SSH login to a server using Paramiko with a provided keyfile.
14221	Establishes a tunnel connection to an address using SSH.
14222	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
14223	Helper method for stopping scheduling tasks when an engine is unregistered from a pure ZMQ scheduler and issuing a warning message.
14224	Unwrap exception and remap engine_id to int.
14225	Register a new engine, update connection info.
14226	Unregisters an engine that has died and handles stranded messages and task scheduling if necessary.
14227	Handles the reply to an execute_request message by saving it to results, updating metadata, and removing the message ID from outstanding requests.
14228	Flush notifications of engine registrations waiting in ZMQ queue.
14229	Flush task or queue results waiting in ZMQ queue.
14230	Flushes replies from the control channel waiting in the ZMQ queue and ignores them if a certain threshold is met.
14231	flush ignored control replies
14232	Flushes replies from the iopub channel waiting in the ZeroMQ queue.
14233	Spin the target function in a thread at a specified interval until told to stop.
14234	Stop the background spin_thread if it is running.
14235	Flushes various types of notifications and results waiting in ZMQ queues.
14236	Waits on one or more jobs for a specified timeout period and returns True if all jobs are done, False if the timeout is reached and some jobs are still outstanding.
14237	Constructs and sends an apply message via a socket, initating engine execution.
14238	Will construct and send an execute request via a socket, handling validation and tracking of the request.
14239	Retrieves a result by msg_id or history index, wrapped in an AsyncResult object.
14240	Method for retrieving the status of engine queues.
14241	Tell the Hub to forget results by msg_id or the entire history of specific targets.
14242	This interface is used to get the hub's history, which is a list of msg_ids ordered by task submission time.
14243	Query the Hub's TaskRecord database and return matching task record dicts.
14244	Return a set of opcodes by the names provided.
14245	Provides initialization and access to a ByteParser object
14246	Return a set of line numbers that match one of the given regular expressions.
14247	Parse the source code to find interesting facts about its lines, such as excluded lines, docstrings, multi-line statements, and statement starts.
14248	Return the first line number of the statement including `line`.
14249	Map the line numbers in `lines` to the correct first line of the statement, skipping any line mentioned in any of the sequences in `ignores`.
14250	Parses source text to identify executable and excluded line numbers, normalizing reported line numbers to the first line of multi-line statements.
14251	Return a sorted list of unique line number pairs representing arcs in a codebase, where each pair corresponds to a jump from the start to the end line number of a control flow arc.
14252	counts the number of times each line in a code snippet is exited, excluding certain lines
14253	Iterate over all the code objects nested within this one.
14254	Return a sequence of byte offsets and line numbers mapped from the co_lnotab attribute of the code object.
14255	Iterate through the bytes lines of the code using child parsers and yield the line numbers that start statements.
14256	Get a string representation of a block stack for debugging purposes.
14257	Split the code object into a list of Chunk objects, where each chunk represents a sequence of instructions that are entered at their first instruction.
14258	Ensure each chunk has only one entrance.
14259	The method `_arcs` is used to find the executable arcs in the code. By iterating through the chunks and their exits, it yields pairs of line numbers representing the arcs where the trace function will be invoked.
14260	Returns a list of `Chunk` objects for this code and its children using the `_split_into_chunks` method for details.
14261	Get the set of all arcs in this code object and its children.
14262	Add options to command line for coverage settings.
14263	Begin recording coverage information and clear previously collected statistics if specified.
14264	Generates and outputs a code coverage report, checks for minimum required coverage, and saves HTML and XML reports if specified.
14265	Before I start, I would like to remind you that your input code has no return statement. This means that the function will return "None" by default. Happy coding!
14266	Generate alternative interpretations of a source distribution name by splitting the basename and considering different combinations.
14267	Open a urllib2 request, handling HTTP authentication
14268	Obtains a distribution that fulfills a given `pkg_resources.Requirement`.
14269	get parent from obj
14270	Determines the root topic based on whether the engine has an ID.
14271	The function renders a template string with the provided context.
14272	Configure plugin with options and set enabled status based on capture option.
14273	Add captured output to error report.
14274	Return a list of lists by splitting the input list into chunks of a specified size
14275	Convert a notebook to the v3 format based on its original version and minor version information.
14276	Converts a hex color code to an RGB integer tuple.
14277	Construct a dictionary with background color, selection color, and foreground color for a given style.
14278	Return a QFont object of the requested font family, using fallback as an alternative if the requested family is not found.
14279	Reimplemented to handle prompt requests by updating the execution count and showing the interpreter prompt.
14280	Handles history tail replies received from the IPython kernel, processes the received history items, logs any errors, and resets the retry flag.
14281	processes IPython-style "display hook" messages and appends HTML or plain text output to the document based on the message content.
14282	A custom handler for the ``display_data`` message that processes and appends data in HTML or plain text format to a display area, depending on the source and content type.
14283	Reimplements the `_started_channels` method to load a GUI reference and fetch recent history from the kernel.
14284	Reimplemented to execute a file using the 'run' magic, handling platform-specific path formatting and quoting as needed.
14285	Reimplemented for IPython-style traceback formatting.
14286	Reimplements payload dispatching by calling the appropriate handler method and returning True if a handler is found.
14287	Sets the widget style to the class defaults based on the specified color scheme.
14288	Opens a Python script for editing with an optional specified line.
14289	Given a prompt number, returns an HTML In prompt.
14290	Formats a plain text continuation prompt into an HTML span with class "in-prompt" and appends a continuation indicator.
14291	Set the style sheets of the underlying widgets and update the background color for text processing.
14292	Set the syntax style for the highlighter based on the syntax_style attribute.
14293	Method to handle the response from a CloudStack API and optionally poll for an asynchronous result.
14294	The method generates a signature for API requests using the provided URL parameters and the API secret key, following CloudStack authentication requirements.
14295	Method to remove the first level key from a nested dictionary response of a CloudStack API call.
14296	Return system virtual memory information as a namedtuple.
14297	Returns system per-CPU times as a named tuple.
14298	Return real, effective and saved user ids for a process.
14299	Return real, effective and saved group ids.
14300	Return the number of threads belonging to a process.
14301	Return files opened by process as a list of namedtuples.
14302	Get short form of commit hash given directory `pkg_path` from IPython or git repository.
14303	Return a dictionary describing the context of a package given its path.
14304	Return useful information about IPython and the system, formatted as a string
14305	Return the number of active CPUs on a Darwin system.
14306	Return the effective number of CPUs in the system as an integer.
14307	This function advances to the next result set, fetching all records from the current set before doing so, and returns None if no more result sets are available.
14308	Fetches a single row from the cursor.
14309	Fetch up to size rows from the cursor.
14310	Fetchs all available rows from the cursor, checking execution and warnings.
14311	Connects the component to peers, tree, public URL, and root ID.
14312	Read a JSON notebook from a string and return the NotebookNode object.
14313	Reads a .py notebook from a string and returns the NotebookNode object.
14314	Method for reading a notebook from a string and returning the NotebookNode object in the current version's format.
14315	This function writes a notebook to a string in a given format in the current nbformat version.
14316	Write a notebook to a file in a given format in the current nbformat version.
14317	Converts each .ipynb file in the current directory to a notebook with the specified metadata.
14318	Load a value from a dictionary and set the object's value accordingly, or reset the state if the key does not exist.
14319	Returns True if the name matches the requirements, False otherwise.
14320	Return True if the class is a wanted test class.
14321	Return True if the directory is a wanted test directory based on its name and whether it matches certain requirements or if a plugin overrides the decision.
14322	Return True if the file is a wanted test file based on its name, extension, and whether it matches include/exclude patterns or is ignored by a plugin.
14323	Return true if the function is a test function based on its name and whether it matches certain criteria.
14324	Determine if a given method is a test method based on its name, a class attribute, and plugin-specific logic.
14325	Is the module a test module?
14326	Returns the contents of a named file as a list of lines, or an empty list if the file cannot be read.
14327	List command to display lines from a specified file using pydb.
14328	Print lines from a specified range in a file with conditional formatting based on whether the line number matches the current frame's line number.
14329	Interact with the debugger interface to_magics 'pdef' with local and global namespaces
14330	Generates a multiplying factor to convert the price of a currency to another currency on a specific date.
14331	Converts an amount of money from one currency to another on a specified date.
14332	Compute the return of a currency between two dates based on a specified rate.
14333	Return the given stream's encoding or a default.
14334	Return IPython's guess for the default encoding for bytes as text.
14335	Writes connection information to a JSON file.
14336	.start the heart beating
14337	Display and log connection information, and store ports.
14338	Create a session object with default secure configuration.
14339	Redirect input streams and set a display hook.
14340	Create the Kernel object itself.
14341	Constructs a connection function with tunneling capabilities based on SSH settings.
14342	Sends a registration request to a controller using ZeroMQ.
14343	Converts HTML content to plain text
14344	Converts markdown content to text
14345	Returns a fully qualified domain name.
14346	Define command line options for excluding directories and a file containing directories to exclude in a plugin.
14347	Configure a plugin based on command line options, parsing two types of exclusion directories (from a file and directly from the options) and setting up a dictionary of directories to be excluded.
14348	Checks if a directory is excluded from test discovery.
14349	Returns true if 'ext' links to a dynamic lib in the same package.
14350	Calls each function in the provided list and returns the last function's return value, or None if the list is empty.
14351	Calls each function from the given list in reverse order and returns the result of the last function, or None if the list is empty.
14352	Wrap a function with given arguments and keywords, and append it to an instance.
14353	Inserts a wrapped function into the list at a specified index with given arguments and keywords.
14354	Returns a formatted usage string with a single newline between the usage and the first heading if there is no description.
14355	Initialize the base parallel application with optional command-line arguments, change to the work directory, and reinitialize logging.
14356	This method creates or overwrites a .pid file in the specified directory with the current process ID, and raises an error if the file already exists and overwrite is not allowed.
14357	Remove the pid file at shutdown.
14358	This method reads a PID from a file and returns it as an integer, or raises an error if the file doesn't exist or the contents are invalid.
14359	Construct an argument parser for a magic function using its decorations and update its docstring with the parsed help text.
14360	Find the real name of a magic function by removing any 'magic_' prefix and using the 'argcmd_name' attribute if available.
14361	Highlight a block of text selectively based on whether it contains a prompt.
14362	Reimplemented to temporarily enable highlighting if disabled.
14363	Reimplemented to highlight selectively with an offset.
14364	Copy the currently selected text to the clipboard, removing prompts.
14365	Execute 'source' in the kernel. If 'hidden', do not show any output. Emit 'executing' signal if not hidden.
14366	Flush the input splitter state and turn off highlighting if not in reading mode.
14367	Check if tab completion should be performed and return whether to continue processing the event.
14368	Reimplement `_context_menu_make` to insert an action for raw copy before the paste action in the context menu.
14369	Reimplements the event filter for console keypresses to handle execution interruption and smart backspace.
14370	Reimplements the `_insert_continuation_prompt` method for auto-indentation, inserting a string of spaces based on the current input splitter's configuration.
14371	Handle tab completion replies by updating the cursor position and completing with items based on the reply content.
14372	Silently execute a given expression in the kernel and call a callback function with the result.
14373	Execute callback function associated with the message id using the value of user_expressions.
14374	Handles replies for code execution, processes the reply based on its status, and emits an executed signal.
14375	Handle requests for raw_input, ensuring all output is processed and using a callback to handle the input line.
14376	Handles the kernel's death by asking the user if they want to restart it.
14377	Handle replies for call tips and update the call tip widget accordingly.
14378	Handle display hook output
14379	Handle stdout, stderr, and stdin, converting tabs to spaces and appending plain text to the widget.
14380	Handle a shutdown signal from another console by checking if it's from the local or remote kernel and prompting the user to exit or clear the console accordingly.
14381	Attempts to execute a file with a given path and optional hidden output.
14382	Attempts to interrupt the running kernel and sets the `_reading` flag to `False` to avoid runtime errors if `raw_input` is called again.
14383	Resets the widget to its initial state or shows a visual indication of a kernel restart.
14384	Attempts to restart the running kernel, prompting the user for confirmation if needed.
14385	Shows a call tip, if appropriate, at the current cursor location.
14386	Performs completion at the current cursor location by sending a request to the kernel.
14387	Process a reply for an execution request that resulted in an error, handling SystemExit and appending traceback.
14388	Process a reply for a successful execution request and handle unknown payloads.
14389	Updates the cursor position after a document change and displays a call tip if necessary.
14390	Add plugin to my list of plugins to call, if it has the attribute I'm bound to.
14391	Calls plugins in a chain, passing the result of each call as input to the next, and returns the final output.
14392	Call all plugins, yielding each item from their non-None results, and handle exceptions by yielding a Failure.
14393	Calls all plugins, returning the first non-None result.
14394	Configuring plugins with given options and config instance, removes disabled plugins, sorts them, and logs the enabled plugins.
14395	Load plugins by iterating the `nose.plugins` entry point and adding them to the plugin manager.
14396	Load plugins from nose.plugins.builtin and add them to the plugin manager.
14397	Render a LaTeX string to PNG and optionally encode the binary data.
14398	A function that takes a LaTeX string and returns an HTML image embedding the LaTeX code as a PNG data URI.
14399	renders a mathematical expression to an image file with specified properties
14400	Checks if an installed distribution satisfies or conflicts with the current requirement.
14401	A generator function that yields Process instances for all running processes on the local machine, caching them for efficiency and updating the cache as necessary based on changes in process state.
14402	Returns a float representing the current system-wide CPU utilization as a percentage.
14403	Return a dictionary containing process information based on specified attributes, with an option to handle access denied exceptions.
14404	Determine the process name, possibly truncating and refining it based on the command line for UNIX systems.
14405	Determines the executable path of a process, guessing from command line arguments if needed, and handling access denied errors.
14406	Returns a list of the process's children, or all descendant processes if recursive is True.
14407	Returns the current process CPU utilization as a percentage.
14408	Calculate process memory utilization as a percentage compared to the total physical system memory.
14409	Return process's mapped memory regions as a list of namedtuples whose fields are variable depending on the platform.
14410	Return whether this process is running by comparing its creation time with the current process's creation time.
14411	Suspends the execution of the process.
14412	Resumes the execution of a process with safety measures for PID reuse.
14413	Kill the current process with a safety measure to handle reused PID.
14414	Waits for a process to terminate and returns its exit code if the process is a child of the current one, else None.
14415	Initializes the kernel inside GTK. This is meant to run only once at startup, so it does its job and returns False to ensure it doesn't get run again by GTK.
14416	Hijack GTK's main and main_quit functions with dummy to prevent user code from blocking IPython.
14417	Check if an identifier is defined in namespaces that shadow the alias and magic namespaces.
14418	Creates the default transformers by initializing instances of each transformer class with the specified parameters.
14419	Registers a transformer instance to the list of transformers and sorts them.
14420	Remove a transformer instance from the registered list.
14421	Creates the default checkers by initializing them with the provided shell, prefilter manager, and configuration.
14422	Register a checker instance and sort the checkers.
14423	Remove a checker instance from the registry.
14424	Create the default handlers.
14425	Register a handler instance by name with escape strings.
14426	Unregister a handler instance by name with esc_strings.
14427	Prefilters a line that has been converted to a LineInfo object by finding and handling it with the appropriate handler.
14428	Finds a handler for the given line information by trying each checker, and returns the first handler that is found; if no handlers are found, it returns a handler named 'normal'.
14429	Calls the enabled transformers in order of increasing priority to modify the input line.
14430	Prefilters a single line of text by calling transformers and checkers/handlers.
14431	Prefilters multiple lines of text by calling `prefilter_line` for each line and handling the case where multiple lines are received at once.
14432	Checks if the object in the user namespace needs to be automatically called and returns the corresponding autocalled handler.
14433	Allow ! and !! in multi-line statements if multi_line_specials is on
14434	Check for an escape character at the end of a line and return a handler for it or None if there is no escape char.
14435	Checks if the initial identifier on the given line_info is an alias and returns the associated handler if it is.
14436	Handle normal input lines and determine whether to continue prompting based on line content and autoindent settings.
14437	Transforms alias input lines and executes the transformed command.
14438	Executes a line in a shell, optionally rewriting it if it starts with specific escape sequences, and returns the command to be executed.
14439	The main function that executes magic functions.
14440	Handle lines which may be auto-executed, potentially quoting arguments based on user input and shell configuration.
14441	For the input code, the summary is: This method attempts to retrieve help for an object, either with basic information or more details, based on the input line and whether it contains an escape character for help.
14442	Reimplements an event filter to hide a widget on specific key presses and focus out events.
14443	Reimplements `enterEvent` to cancel the hide timer.
14444	Reimplemented to paint the background panel
14445	Attempts to show the specified call line and docstring at the current cursor location, with optional truncation for length.
14446	Attempt to show the specified tip at the current cursor location. Return True if successful.
14447	Updates the tip based on the user's cursor movement.
14448	Create a property that proxies an attribute through a local attribute.
14449	Canonicalizes a path relative to a given working directory, converting it to absolute form.
14450	For a given instance and schema, this method performs JSONSchema validation and raises an exception with a simplified message if the validation fails.
14451	Retrieve a read-only subordinate mapping with masked sensitive values.
14452	Return True if in a virtualenv with no system site packages.
14453	Calculate word frequencies in multiple files using parallel processing, combining results from each file into a single frequency dictionary.
14454	Helper for converting a function-based decorator into a class-based decorator for use on class-based Views.
14455	Returns a list of shell aliases to auto-define based on the operating system.
14456	Defines an alias without raising an error if the alias is invalid.
14457	Define a new alias `name` after validating it. This will raise an `AliasError` if there are validation problems.
14458	Returns the number of arguments for a valid alias command, or raises an error if the alias is invalid.
14459	Call an alias given its name and the rest of the line.
14460	Transform a user's alias into a system command string.
14461	Returns the command line with the first word translated according to alias expansion rules if it matches an alias.
14462	Converts nose help output to reStructuredText format.
14463	Resets graphics attributes to their default values.
14464	Split a string into substrings for which the same escape code applies and yield each substring.
14465	This function returns a QColor object for a given color code and intensity, or None if one cannot be constructed.
14466	Returns a QTextCharFormat that encodes the current style attributes
14467	Generate a one-time JWT with an expiration and unique identifier based on a secret and age.
14468	For use as a decorator, ensures a thread lock is acquired before the decorated method runs and released afterward.
14469	Remove expired JWTs from the cache.
14470	Checks if a JWT has been used and records the current time if it has not been used before.
14471	Method to validate a JWT token.
14472	Decorates a function to ensure thread-safe access with a specified count of concurrent accesses, optionally bounded.
14473	Determines the longest common prefix among a list of strings, handling escape characters relevant to IPython environments.
14474	Reimplements the eventFilter method to ensure console-like behavior in underlying text widgets, handle keypresses, mouse button releases, resize events, shortcuts, drags, drops, and pager scrolling.
14475	Reimplemented to suggest a size that is 80 characters wide and 25 lines high, with adjustments for margins and scrollbar extent based on the current style and paging configuration.
14476	Returns whether selected text can be cut to the clipboard
14477	Returns whether text can be pasted from the clipboard if the widget is text editable.
14478	Clears the console, optionally keeping the input buffer for a new prompt.
14479	Copy the currently selected text to the clipboard and delete it if it's inside the input buffer.
14480	The `execute` method in the provided code snippet is designed to run a given source code or the current input buffer, optionally handling continuation prompts and managing syntax highlighting.
14481	This method retrieves the input buffer from the current prompt, handling cases where the buffer may be in an executing state or contain continuation prompts.
14482	Sets the text in the input buffer, updating it when execution is finished.
14483	Sets the base font for the ConsoleWidget and emits a font changed signal.
14484	Pastes the contents of the clipboard into the input region.
14485	Prints the contents of the ConsoleWidget to the specified QPrinter, or a dialog if no printer is provided.
14486	Moves the prompt to the top of the viewport.
14487	Resets the font to the default fixed-width font for the current platform, optionally setting a specific size.
14488	A method for appending content to a buffer, optionally inserting it before the current prompt.
14489	Appends HTML at the end of the console buffer.
14490	Appends HTML and returns the plain text version of it.
14491	Appends plain text, processing ANSI codes if enabled.
14492	Clears the "temporary text" buffer, i.e. all the text following the prompt region.
14493	Completes the text edit with specified items at the given cursor position, either by inserting a single item or by showing a list of items and allowing user selection.
14494	Fills the temporary buffer below the active editing zone with the given text, optionally interpreting it as HTML.
14495	Check if the Control key is down, considering Mac OS differences and an optional synonym for Command.
14496	Creates and configures a text widget, connecting signals and installing event filters.
14497	Creates and connects the underlying paging widget, including setting up event filters, read-only status, undo/redo, and vertical scrollbar policy.
14498	Filter key events for the paging widget to create console-like interface
14499	Given a QTextBlock, return its unformatted text by creating a cursor and selecting the entire block.
14500	Return a cursor for the last character in the control.
14501	Returns the column of the cursor in the input buffer, excluding the contribution by the prompt, or -1 if there is no such column.
14502	Returns the text of the line of the input buffer that contains the cursor, excluding any preceding prompt, or None if the cursor is not on any line of the input buffer.
14503	Return a cursor for the prompt position.
14504	Return a cursor with text selected between the positions 'start' and 'end'.
14505	Inserts new continuation prompt using a specified cursor, handling both plain text and HTML versions.
14506	Inserts HTML into a cursor in such a way that future text formatting is unaffected.
14507	Inserts HTML using the specified cursor, removes selected text, and returns its plain text version.
14508	Inserts plain text using the specified cursor, processing ANSI codes if enabled.
14509	Ensures that the cursor is inside the editing region. Returns whether the cursor was moved.
14510	If a temporary buffer is filled, cancel the completion and clear the buffer, otherwise empty the input buffer.
14511	Displays text using the pager if it exceeds the height of the viewport, interpreting it as HTML or plain text based on the `html` parameter.
14512	Called immediately after a new prompt is displayed, disabling the maximum block count and undo/redo functionality while enabling input method support.
14513	Reads one line of input from the user and executes a callback with the input if provided, otherwise reads synchronously and returns the input string with the trailing newline stripped.
14514	Sets the continuation prompt for the object, either as plain text or HTML.
14515	Scrolls the viewport so that the specified cursor is at the top.
14516	Writes a new prompt at the end of the buffer, optionally as HTML or plain text, with an option to add a newline before the prompt.
14517	Expands the vertical scrollbar beyond the range set by Qt for the given control.
14518	Entry point for the pkginfo tool that parses options, formats metadata, and processes given paths.
14519	Copies a default config file into the active profile directory, optionally overwriting an existing file if specified.
14520	Creates a profile directory with a specified name and path.
14521	Method for finding an existing profile directory by name and returning its ProfileDir
14522	Converts a cmp= function into a key= function
14523	Read a file and return its source.
14524	Takes multiple lines of input with a primary continuation prompt and optional secondary continuation prompt, and returns a list of input lines terminated by a specified string or EOF.
14525	Create a temporary Python file, write source code to it, and return the filename and filehandle.
14526	Close the file and restore the channel.
14527	Writes data to both channels and flushes the output stream.
14528	Adds a new handler for new hearts.
14529	Adds a new handler for heart failure
14530	Handles a pong message by checking if it's a heartbeat response and updating the response set accordingly.
14531	Converts a list into a list of lists with equal batch_size, optionally randomizing the input sequence.
14532	Returns the path and filename from a given file path, with default values if not provided.
14533	Generator that yields file paths from a directory tree, optionally recursing through subfolders and matching a specified pattern.
14534	Displays time and estimated end time if count is within the display amount.
14535	Converts elapsed, average, and estimated end times to a more human-readable format in seconds, minutes, or hours.
14536	Extract configuration data from a bdist_wininst .exe.
14537	Ensure that the importer caches do not have stale information for `path`.
14538	Quote a command line argument according to Windows parsing rules
14539	Verifies that there are no conflicting "old-style" packages in the distribution.
14540	When easy_install is about to run bdist_egg on a source dist, ensure the fetcher options given to easy_install are available to that command as well by copying the necessary options to the setup.cfg file.
14541	Create directories under the user's home directory.
14542	Checks whether a given file name is considered an archive file based on its extension.
14543	Create a proxy object for the given object that allows modifications to the proxy to not affect the original object.
14544	Returns a read-only proxy for the given object, preventing any modifications unless `error_on_set` is `True`.
14545	Create a new section cell with a given integer level.
14546	Create a new metadata node with optional fields for name, authors, license, created, modified, gistid, and return it.
14547	Factory that creates author objects with optional name, email, affiliation, and URL.
14548	Check if the given path is a writable directory.
14549	Remove leading and trailing quotes from filenames on Windows.
14550	Return a valid Python filename in the current directory, appending '.py' if necessary and searching for it, with Windows semantics optionally enforced.
14551	Exception raised when a file does not exist in any of the search paths.
14552	Return the 'home' directory, as a unicode string.
14553	Return the XDG_CONFIG_HOME directory if defined and writable, else None for non-OS X posix systems.
14554	Get the IPython directory for this platform and user, creating a temporary directory if necessary.
14555	Get the base directory where IPython itself is installed.
14556	Find the path to a specific IPython module, ensuring it returns the Unicode path to the `.py` version of the module.
14557	check if a target file is out of date based on its dependencies
14558	Returns an MD5 hash of a file, ignoring line ending characters differences.
14559	Checks for old IPython configuration files and presents a warning if they exist, suggesting the use of the new config system.
14560	Updates a dictionary of objects visited by a user upon viewing an object's page, including handling guest users.
14561	Returns a list of suggestions for an object based on the content type and number of visits, with a specified size.
14562	Get a list of suggestions for an object based on visits.
14563	Return this path as a relative path based from the current working directory.
14564	Return a list of path objects that match the pattern.
14565	Open the file, read all lines, and return them in a list, optionally specifying the encoding, handling Unicode errors, and retaining newline characters.
14566	Calculates the MD5 hash for a file by reading it in chunks.
14567	Create a profile stats file and load a profiler.
14568	Output profiler report to the specified stream.
14569	Clean up stats file if configured to do so.
14570	Handle CLI command by sending heartbeat messages at a specified frequency until a keyboard interrupt is received.
14571	Enable event loop integration with wxPython. If no application is provided, it will probe for an existing one or create a new one if none is found.
14572	Disables event loop integration with wxPython by setting PyOS_InputHook to NULL.
14573	Disables event loop integration with PyQt4 by setting PyOS_InputHook to NULL and clearing the input hook.
14574	Enable event loop integration with PyGTK by setting the PyOS_InputHook.
14575	Enable event loop integration with Tk.
14576	Enable event loop integration with pyglet.
14577	Save the wave log.
14578	Connect to a SQLite database, create necessary tables if they don't exist, and commit the changes.
14579	Executes an SQL query for the history database and returns the results as tuples.
14580	Retrieve information about a specific session by its number. If the session number is negative, it counts back from the current session. Returns session details as a tuple, or None if the session does not exist.
14581	Get the last n lines from the history database.
14582	Parse a string of ranges and yield the corresponding lines from a history object.
14583	Get default history file name for the Shell's profile.
14584	Update the name of the current session in the history database.
14585	Clears the session history and optionally starts a new session.
14586	Return a generator for input and output history from the current session with optional parameters for range, raw input, and output.
14587	If database output logging is enabled, this function saves all outputs from a specified prompt number to the database after code execution.
14588	Write any entries in the cache to the database, handling potential integrity errors by attempting to write to a new session.
14589	Signal the thread to stop safely by setting `stop_now` and waiting for it to join.
14590	Return the number of CPUs on the system.
14591	Reads and parses the `/proc/stat` file to retrieve CPU time statistics for each CPU core on the system.
14592	Returns a list of mounted disk partitions.
14593	Return a list of process IDs (PIDs) currently running on the system.
14594	Generate a nice string representation of a pair of numbers, with a range indicated by a dash if the numbers are not equal.
14595	Nicely format a list of line numbers for printing by coalescing groups of lines as long as the lines represent consecutive statements.
14596	Return a string summarizing the call stack.
14597	A decorator to cache the result of an expensive operation for methods with no arguments.
14598	Return a single regex pattern that matches any of the input regex patterns.
14599	Remove a file, and ignore the error if it doesn't exist.
14600	Update the hash by recursively adding its string representation and the string representation of its elements if it is a list, tuple, or dictionary.
14601	Update profiles by listing all profiles in the specified directories and adding them to the internal profiles dictionary.
14602	Start a cluster for a given profile, handling starting and stopping the controller and engine set launchers.
14603	Stops a cluster for a given profile and returns a temp info dict.
14604	Find the full path to a .bat or .exe file using the win32api module.
14605	Reads the standard output and standard error of a process, decodes the lines from a default encoding, prints them to the corresponding standard output and standard error, and waits for the process to finish, returning its return code.
14606	Find and filter code units based on include and omit patterns.
14607	This method runs a reporting function on a number of morfs by finding their code units, analyzing them, and handling exceptions related to no source or not being Python files.
14608	Checks if a function raises one of the specified exceptions.
14609	Call pdb.set_trace in the calling frame while restoring sys.stdout to the real output stream.
14610	Checks if a function completes within a specified time limit
14611	Load all IPython extensions specified in `IPythonApp.extensions` using the `ExtensionManager.load_extensions` method, logging errors if any extensions fail to load.
14612	Run pre-flight code, execute startups, run module, flush output, and hide local variables
14613	Run lines of code in IPythonApp.exec_lines in the user's namespace, handling any errors and logging the process.
14614	Runs files from the profile's startup directory.
14615	Run files from IPythonApp.exec_files and log errors if any occur.
14616	Run code or file specified at the command-line
14617	If a module is specified at the command-line, this is run as if executed using 'python -m'.
14618	Helper for creating generic functions with support for dispatching based on object types and objects.
14619	Returns the path to a data file of ours, searching `STATIC_PATH` and optionally a subdirectory `pkgdir`.
14620	A function that opens a data file, reads its contents, and then closes the file.
14621	Escape special HTML characters in text.
14622	Generate an HTML report for a list of modules or filenames.
14623	Make local copies of static files and any extra CSS for an HTML report.
14624	Writes out the provided HTML to the specified file name, properly encoding it.
14625	Compute a hash for file contents that changes if the file needs to be re-reported.
14626	Generates an index.html file for the report using a template, populates it with data from the report, and writes it to the specified directory.
14627	Read the last status from a specified directory and update the object's attributes accordingly.
14628	Writes the current status to a file in the specified directory using pickle.
14629	Returns True if the two lists, when sorted, are identical.
14630	Return a slice of a sequence with variable step.
14631	Return a list of chunks of a given sequence, where each chunk has a specified size.
14632	Read configuration from setup.cfg and modify global state accordingly.
14633	Reads the existing configuration from MANIFEST.in and extends the IGNORE and IGNORE_REGEXPS lists with the ignores specified in the file.
14634	Convert a glob pattern to a regular expression that matches paths correctly.
14635	Check if the filename matches any of the given patterns.
14636	List all files versioned by git in the current directory.
14637	Start a new kernel with a unique ID and manage its connection and channels.
14638	Shuts down a kernel by its UUID and removes it from the internal kernel table.
14639	Kills a kernel by its kernel ID and removes it from the kernel table.
14640	Retrieves a KernelManager object for a given kernel ID, raising an error if not found.
14641	u Return a dictionary of ports for a kernel based on the kernel ID.
14642	Returns the notebook_id for a kernel_id or None if there is no unique match.
14643	Start a kernel for a notebook and return its kernel_id, optionally associating it with a specific notebook_id for persistence.
14644	Shutdown a kernel and remove its notebook association.
14645	Interrupt a kernel and log the action.
14646	Restarts a kernel while keeping clients connected, and handles the association between the kernel and its notebook.
14647	Create a new iopub stream.
14648	Method to create a new shell stream for a given kernel ID after checking its validity.
14649	Create a new hb stream after checking the kernel id
14650	Resets all OneTimeProperty attributes in an instance.
14651	Export HTML content to a file, optionally converting images and handling inline formatting.
14652	Exports the contents of the ConsoleWidget as XHTML with inline SVGs.
14653	Wrapper function to ensure image_tag returns a UTF-8 encoded string on Python 2
14654	Transforms a Qt-generated HTML string into a standards-compliant one by ensuring a UTF-8 declaration is included and replacing empty paragraph tags with line breaks.
14655	Displays a dialog for exporting HTML generated by Qt's rich text system and returns the name of the file that was saved or None if no file was saved.
14656	Return a unique instance of `klass` or None if multiple instances are found
14657	Builds a query to find text that includes any of the given search terms in any of the specified fields.
14658	Builds a query for both included & excluded terms in a text search.
14659	Query for objects where date_field is within a specified number of days ago.
14660	Generate a query to filter objects where the specified date field is within a certain number of days from the current date.
14661	Query for null or blank field.
14662	Converts queries to case insensitive for special fields.
14663	Register command line options for filtering tests based on attributes.
14664	Method to validate whether a given method has the required attributes as specified by attribute groups.
14665	Return True if the method's attributes match those of the class, False otherwise.
14666	Rotate the kill ring, then yank back the new top.
14667	Backport a few patches from newer pyzmq to ensure compatibility with older versions.
14668	Returns an XSD-schema-enabled lxml parser from a WSDL or XSD, extracting version information if required.
14669	Convert the current HTTP[S] URL to its corresponding WebSocket[S] URL by replacing the protocol and using the appropriate host.
14670	Reserializes a reply message from a ZMQ socket using JSON and removes unnecessary fields.
14671	Inject the first message (document cookie) for authentication.
14672	Starts a heartbeating mechanism to monitor the health of the kernel, sending a ping message at regular intervals and calling a callback if the kernel is not responding.
14673	Start the heartbeat loop if not closed and already beating.
14674	Stop the heartbeating and cancel all related callbacks.
14675	Load a file object, reading data and parsing into blocks.
14676	Get current block index, validate and check status. Return None if demo is finished.
14677	Move the current seek pointer to the given block, allowing negative indices for from-end seeking with Python list-like semantics.
14678	Edit the in-memory copy of a block during a demonstration, which does not modify the original source file.
14679	Show a single block on screen
14680	Show entire demo on screen
14681	Processes a collection in series, applying a given method to each item and returning the modified collection.
14682	Processes a collection in parallel batches, each batch processed in series on a single process.
14683	Sets up a thread pool to perform parallel processing of a given function on a sequence of items.
14684	Processes a collection in parallel using multiple processes, applying a given method to each element with optional arguments and a specified number of processes.
14685	Wraps a function to execute with a given object, ensuring the object is locked during the function call.
14686	Decorator to enter context one by one for the specified object attributes.
14687	Get source code lines and their index from a traceback object, optionally centered around the current line with a specified number of context lines.
14688	Find lines in a list that are inspectable based on their position and indentation, up to a certain number of lines before and after the given position.
14689	Create a countdown timer with optional progress bar and percentage display.
14690	This function performs a cleanup routine to shut down subprocesses, including stopping engines and the controller, and then killing the controller before completing the cleanup.
14691	A modifier hook function that alters the context or takes over subsequent action invocation. Returns a None return value indicating no action or a StepResult object if the condition evaluates to True.
14692	Modifies the result of an action based on the configured value.
14693	Updates client history and outstanding attributes after a method call.
14694	Sync relevant results from self.client to the instance's results attribute.
14695	Calls the method and then spins.
14696	Get all messages that are currently ready.
14697	Gets a message if one is ready from the input queue with an option to block and specify a timeout.
14698	The decorator `prop` is a sugar for `property`, allowing for concise definition of getter, setter, and deleter methods in a class.
14699	Return a tuple of property objects for the specified fields.
14700	Parse a database URL and extract configuration details.
14701	Return a list of module names available in the given folder.
14702	Returns a list of all modules available in the pythonpath, caching the result for future use.
14703	Easily create a trivial completer for a command.
14704	Returns a list of completion possibilities for an import line based on the given line.
14705	Complete files that end in .py or .ipy for the %run command.
14706	Completes the 'cd' command in Python, returning directory or bookmark completions based on the input.
14707	Escape an XML attribute, handling Unicode values if necessary.
14708	Configure the xunit plugin with the provided options and config, initialize statistics and error handling.
14709	Writes an Xunit-formatted XML file including a report of test errors and failures.
14710	Add error output to Xunit report.
14711	Add failure information to a Xunit report.
14712	Add success output to Xunit report.
14713	Picks two random elements from a list and returns the index of the least recently used one.
14714	Randomly select two elements from a list using the inverse of their values as weights, returning the one with the smaller value.
14715	Add a new engine with identifier `uid` and initialize its associated sets and graph.
14716	Unregister an unavailable engine and handle pending tasks.
14717	Deal with jobs that were in an engine that died by building fake error replies and dispatching them.
14718	Internal method to dispatch job submissions to appropriate handlers.
14719	Audit all waiting tasks for expired timeouts and fail unreachable tasks.
14720	a task has become unreachable, send a reply with an ImpossibleDependency error.
14721	Checks if location dependencies are met and runs the job if they are.
14722	Save a message for later submission when its dependencies are met.
14723	Submit a task to any of a subset of targets.
14724	Dispatches result messages and handles them based on their status, dependencies, and retries.
14725	Handle a task result, update client and data structures accordingly
14726	Handles an unmet dependency by updating job status and potentially resubmitting or updating the dependency graph.
14727	Updates the dependency graph and submits runnable jobs based on the completion of a specific dependency or the entire graph if no specific dependency is provided.
14728	Start a new log file with optional headers and parameters, handling different log modes like append, backup, global, overwrite, and rotate.
14729	Prints the current state and configuration of the logger, including file name, mode, output logging, raw input logging, timestamping, and active state.
14730	Writes the appropriate line to a log based on the log_raw_input flag.
14731	Write data to the log file if active, with optional timestamp and output formatting.
14732	Fully stop logging and close log file.
14733	Creates a new worksheet with an optional name and list of cells.
14734	Adds a target 'string' for dispatching with a specified object and priority.
14735	Adds a target regular expression for dispatching with a given object and priority.
14736	Get a sequence of Commandchain objects that match the given key.
14737	Yield all 'value' targets, without priority
14738	This method validates if the new notebook directory exists and is a directory. If it does not exist, it attempts to create the directory and logs an error if it cannot be created.
14739	Return a list of dictionaries containing the notebook ID and name for each notebook in the directory.
14740	Generate a new notebook_id for a name and store its mappings.
14741	Delete a notebook's id from internal mappings.
14742	Check if a notebook exists based on its ID.
14743	Return the full path to a notebook given its notebook_id by checking a mapping and raising an error if not found.
14744	Return a full path to a notebook given its name.
14745	Method to retrieve a notebook's representation in a specified format based on its ID.
14746	Method for retrieving and processing a notebook by its ID, returning the notebook object and its last modified time.
14747	Save a new notebook and return its notebook_id. If a name is provided, it overrides the name in the notebook data.
14748	Saves an existing notebook with the given ID and data.
14749	Saves an existing notebook object by updating its name and path, and optionally saving it as a Python script.
14750	Deletes a notebook by its ID and raises an error if the notebook does not exist.
14751	Creates a new notebook, assigns it a unique notebook_id, and returns the notebook_id.
14752	Copy an existing notebook and return its new notebook_id.
14753	Return all physical tokens, including line continuations using tokenize.generate_tokens().
14754	Given a string of source code, this function generates a series of tokenized lines, preserving token classes and text, while removing trailing whitespace and final newlines marker.
14755	Load the default configuration file from the specified or default IPython directory.
14756	Returns a list of default classes for a TerminalIPythonApp.
14757	Override method to handle deprecated '-pylab' flag and transform it into the current syntax with a warning.
14758	Initialize various components of the application after construction, but before starting the app.
14759	called / creates a new terminal-based IPython shell instance and initializes it
14760	Display the banner optionally if interact is enabled and log level is INFO or less.
14761	Return a string representation of a value and its type for readable error messages.
14762	Converts the name argument to a list of names, handling both single strings and lists/tuples of strings, with a default value of 'anytrait' for None.
14763	Set the default value on a per instance basis.
14764	Setup a handler to be called when a trait changes.
14765	Get a list of all the traits of a class that match given metadata criteria.
14766	Get metadata values for trait by key.
14767	Validates that the value is a valid object instance.
14768	Helper to instantiate a default value instance or generate it using a DefaultValueGenerator.
14769	Check whether the dependencies have been met based on the given parameters.
14770	Return whether this dependency has become impossible due to completed or failed tasks based on the all flag.
14771	A method that represents a dependency as a dictionary for JSON compatibility, including its dependencies, all items, success state, and failure state.
14772	Return the depth of an element in a given tree structure.
14773	print a binary tree
14774	Converts a DNS name to an IP address if necessary, then disambiguates the URL.
14775	parallel reduce followed by broadcast of the result
14776	Converts any valid targets argument into a list of integer IDs.
14777	Handle messages for ME, Task queue, and IOPub traffic in the system.
14778	Route registration requests and queries from clients, handle different message types, and send errors if necessary.
14779	Called when a new heart starts to beat, potentially triggering the completion of registration.
14780	Triggers unregistration when a heart fails to respond to a beat request.
14781	Save the submission of a task by serializing the message, updating the record in the database, and handling any potential errors or conflicts.
14782	Saves the result of a completed task, updating the database and logging the completion status.
14783	Save an iopub message into the database.
14784	Reply with connection addresses for clients.
14785	Registers a new engine, handling queue and heartbeat uniqueness checks, and manages registration replies.
14786	Unregisters an engine that explicitly requested to leave.
14787	Handles the second half of engine registration after receiving a heart monitor beat.
14788	Handle a shutdown request, send a reply and notification to other clients, and schedule a deferred shutdown.
14789	Deletes records from memory based on specified message content, handling cases for purging all records or specific message IDs, and ensuring engines exist before deleting records.
14790	Decompose a TaskRecord dict into subsections for get_result.
14791	Retrieve and send the result of one or more messages based on provided message IDs and status.
14792	Retrieves a list of message IDs from the database and sends a reply to the client with the status and history content.
14793	Perform a raw query on the task record database and handle the results by extracting buffer lengths and sending the response to the client.
14794	change directory to newdir and yield, then change back to original directory
14795	Decodes standard output and standard error from a command's completed result into a standardized format.
14796	Run a command under the R root directory.
14797	Execute R script by running commands and decoding the output.
14798	Calls the frontend handler associated with the message type of the given message.
14799	Checks if a reply from the kernel originated from a request made by this frontend.
14800	Run the report using the specified arguments.
14801	Annotate a single file by adding coverage information in a new file.
14802	Retrieve the installed version of a package using `apt-cache policy`.
14803	Recursively converts unicode strings in a nested dictionary or list to byte strings.
14804	Given a message or header, return the header as a dictionary.
14805	Checks packers for binary data and datetime support by serializing and deserializing messages and handling datetime objects.
14806	Return the nested message dict.
14807	This interface is used to sign a message using HMAC digest. If authentication is not available, it returns empty bytes.
14808	Serializes a message into a list of bytes to be transmitted, including various components like header, parent header, content, and a signature.
14809	Builds and sends a message via a stream or socket, with support for tracking and serialization.
14810	Sends a serialized message via a specified ZMQ stream or socket.
14811	Receives and unpacks a message from a ZMQ socket.
14812	Split the identities from the rest of the message, returning the prefix as idents and remainder as msg_list.
14813	Unserialize a message list to a nested message dict, handling content and copy options.
14814	Prompts the user to save an SVG document to disk and returns the file name if saved, or None if the save was cancelled.
14815	Copy an SVG document to the clipboard.
14816	Converts an SVG document to a QImage with an optional specified size.
14817	Return an object info dictionary with all specified fields present, updating with additional keyword arguments.
14818	Provides a stable wrapper around `inspect.getdoc` that can handle attribute problems and non-standard documentation mechanisms.
14819	Extracts and returns the source code of a given object if it's not from a binary source.
14820	Return the names and default values of a function's arguments as a tuple.
14821	Extracts call tip data from an oinfo dict, optionally formatting the call line as a string or returning both the call line and argspec dict.
14822	Find the absolute path to the file where a Python object was defined, handling cases where the object is decorated or a class method.
14823	Find the line number in a file where an object was defined.
14824	Return the definition header for any callable object.
14825	Return a header string with proper colors.
14826	Generic message for when no information is found.
14827	Prints the definition header for a callable object, showing constructor information for classes.
14828	Print the docstring for any object, with optional formatting and documentation for its constructor or calling method if available.
14829	Print the source code for an object, flushing the source cache and handling exceptions gracefully.
14830	Show the whole file where an object was defined.
14831	Formats a list of fields for display with a specified title width.
14832	Show detailed information about an object, including various fields and optional formatting.
14833	Search for objects with wildcards in namespaces using a pattern and optionally a type specification, and display the search results in a page.
14834	Starts the Twisted reactor in a separate thread if it's not already running and returns the reactor and the thread.
14835	Wraps a test function with a Deferred, allowing the test to wait for the Deferred to be triggered and running the test inside the Twisted event loop. The optional timeout parameter specifies the maximum duration of the test.
14836	Find the best matching substring of a corpus to a query using dynamic programming, with configurable step size and flexibility in matching positions.
14837	Encodes the stored `data` to XML and returns a string with optional pretty-printing and XML declaration.
14838	Encodes the stored `data` to XML and returns an `lxml.etree` value.
14839	Returns a list of all unique modules found by recursively loading all modules from a package object or set of package objects.
14840	Helper function for merge. Takes a dictionary whose values are lists and returns a dict with the elements of each list as keys and the original keys as values.
14841	Merge two Structs while applying customizable conflict resolution policies.
14842	converts an object to a primitive type for serialization
14843	Parse and send the colored source with optional output redirection and error handling.
14844	Get a list of matplotlib figures by figure numbers.
14845	Convert a figure to SVG or PNG for inline display and handle empty figures.
14846	Wrap a safe_execfile function with matplotlib-specific rendering controls.
14847	Selects and sets the figure format for inline backend in Matplotlib to either 'png' or 'svg'.
14848	Given a GUI string, returns the corresponding GUI and MPL backend.
14849	Activates the given matplotlib backend, sets interactive mode to True, and configures the environment for plotting.
14850	Return a tuple of install names from a library file.
14851	Activate pylab mode in the user's namespace by importing numpy, matplotlib, and friends for interactive use, optionally specifying the GUI and whether to import all modules.
14852	A trace function for tracing the execution of Python code, recording the flow of execution and capturing the call stack for each function call.
14853	Return a Python function to start tracing.
14854	Stop the tracer and stop tracing if the trace function has changed.
14855	Start a new Tracer object, store it in self.tracers, and return the result of tracer.start().
14856	Installs a real tracer on new threads and continues tracing in the current scope.
14857	Start collecting trace information and install a tracer on the current thread.
14858	Arrests the accumulation of trace data and resumes the preceding collector.
14859	Pause tracing, print tracer stats, and disable tracing.
14860	Resumes tracing after a pause by starting all tracers and setting the trace.
14861	Method to return collected line data, with an option to reconstruct it if branch measurement was performed.
14862	Checks a result dict or list for errors and raises a CompositeError if any exist, flattening lists of CompositeErrors into one.
14863	Generates a list of lines representing a traceback or tracebacks, optionally for a specific exception index.
14864	When called at Python startup, this function checks for the environment variable `COVERAGE_PROCESS_START`. If defined, it initializes coverage measurement using the specified configuration file and starts tracking code execution without warnings about unimported source files or data.
14865	Return the canonical directory of the module or file `morf`.
14866	Convert a filename to the corresponding source file.
14867	Decides whether to trace execution in a given filename, returning a canonicalized filename and a reason for the decision.
14868	Decide whether to trace execution in `filename` based on the result of `_should_trace_with_reason` and log the decision if `self.debug.should('trace')` is `True`.
14869	Append a warning message to the instance variable `_warnings` and print it to stderr with a prefix indicating it is a Coverage.py warning.
14870	Updates the source_match matcher with the latest imported packages and removes the found packages from the source_pkgs list.
14871	Initialize coverage measurement with optional filters and debugging information.
14872	Clean up on process shutdown.
14873	Exclude a regular expression from a list of lines that are considered for execution during reporting.
14874	Return a compiled regex for the given exclusion list.
14875	Save the collected coverage data to the data file with a unique suffix.
14876	Combine coverage data from multiple files into the current measurements.
14877	Collects and resets data, warns about problems, and updates file execution status.
14878	Like `analysis2` but doesn't return excluded line numbers.
14879	Return the coverage statistics of a module or file.
14880	Analyze a single morf or code unit and return an `Analysis` object.
14881	Write a summary report to `file` by listing modules, counts of statements, executed statements, missing statements, and lines missed.
14882	Annotate a list of modules with coverage markers in the output files.
14883	Generate an HTML report with specified options and return the total percentage covered.
14884	Generate an XML report of coverage results, compatible with Cobertura reports.
14885	Display Python objects in all frontends based on specified include and exclude formats.
14886	Display the HTML representation of an object, handling both Python objects and raw HTML data.
14887	Display the SVG representation of an object.
14888	Display the PNG representation of an object.
14889	Display the JPEG representation of one or more objects.
14890	Display the LaTeX representation of an object or raw LaTeX data.
14891	Display the JSON representation of an object, supporting raw JSON data and Python objects.
14892	Displays the JavaScript representation of one or more Python objects or raw JavaScript data.
14893	Reload the raw data from a file or URL, handling both file and URL input and optionally decoding the data if a charset is specified in the response header.
14894	Find the full path to a command using which.
14895	Execute a command in a subshell and return the child process's exit status.
14896	This function sets up a messaging system using ZeroMQ to forward read events from a file descriptor over a socket.
14897	A method that reads lines from a file descriptor and sends them over a socket, handling Unicode and closing the file and socket upon completion.
14898	Return a launcher class based on the given class name and kind.
14899	Stop the app for the stop subcommand by checking the PID file and sending a signal or taskkill command to stop the cluster process.
14900	Import and instantiate a Launcher based on importstring.
14901	Starts an IPython cluster for the engines subcommand, logs the start, and daemonizes if requested.
14902	Start the IPython cluster and start the controller and engines after checking if the cluster is already running and logging the details.
14903	Creates a new wx app or returns an existing one, with option to redirect output.
14904	Check if the wx event loop is running
14905	Start the wx event loop in a consistent manner, ensuring it runs only if not already running, and properly set a flag within the application object.
14906	Create and return a new Qt4 application instance, or return an existing one if it exists.
14907	Is the qt4 event loop running.
14908	Start the Qt4 event loop in a consistent manner.
14909	Returns a blank canvas to annotate with specified width and height.
14910	Draw a cross on a canvas at a specified position with a given color and radius, ensuring it stays within the bounds of the canvas.
14911	Draw a line between two positions on the canvas in a given color.
14912	Write text at a specified position with optional antialiasing and centering.
14913	Converts a grayscale image into a canvas with optional channels.
14914	Return a unique ID of a given length, optionally using version 2 for cross-systems uniqueness.
14915	Return a unique key built from GET data and the current site's domain, encoded using MD5 hashing.
14916	Returns domain name portion of a URL
14917	Returns a dictionary of query parameters from a URL.
