0	Convert XML to URL list
1	Downloads a video from a given URL to a specified directory, handling different quality options and merging files if specified.
2	Downloads video from Sina news website based on URL.
3	Convert text to colored output using ANSI escape codes.
4	Prints a log message with optional colors to stderr.
5	Prints a message with specified color and bold formatting, and exits with a given exit code if provided.
6	Prints a log message with specified color and exits with a given exit code.
7	Detects the operating system based on system information.
8	Downloads videos from Vimeo channels.
9	Extracts video information from XML, including title, size, links, and flashvars.
10	Generates a video URL from a given video ID by applying a series of bitwise operations and random number generation.
11	This function retrieves the real M3U URL from a given URL, calculates the total size of segments, and returns the URL, size, and segment list.
12	Translates text based on operating system, handling special characters and trimming to 80 characters.
13	Downloads video content from a given URL to a specified directory.
14	This method downloads video streams based on user input parameters, handles JSON output, and manages caption tracks.
15	This function downloads an ACFun video by its ID, handling various sources and providing options for merging, info-only mode, and downloading danmaku.
16	This function takes a string and a list of patterns, then returns a list of all matches found in the string for each pattern.
17	Extracts the value of a query parameter from a URL.
18	This function fetches content from a URL, handles HTTP compression, and decodes the response body.
19	This function sends a POST request to a specified URL with optional headers and data, handles HTTP compression, and decodes the response body.
20	This function parses a host string into a tuple of IP address and port.
21	This function retrieves a room ID from a URL key by making an HTTP GET request to a specified URL with a custom user agent, parsing the HTML content to find the room ID using a regular expression, and asserting that the room ID is not empty before returning it.
22	Returns a title by joining the name of the first topic, the name of the topic at index `tIndex`, and the name of the part at index `pIndex`.
23	Downloads course topics and parts.
24	Download a video from Wanmen based on course topic part.
25	Checks if a task instance is queued or running.
26	This method retrieves and clears events from a buffer based on specified DAG IDs.
27	Connect to Snowflake using provided connection parameters.
28	Fetch AWS credentials from Snowflake connection.
29	Retrieves a field from `self.extras` if it exists, otherwise returns `default`.
30	Copies SQL data to a file using a cursor and commits the changes.
31	Copies data from a table to a temporary file using the `copy_expert` method.
32	Uploads a file to Google Cloud Storage.
33	This function retrieves the maximum partition for a specified table in a Hive database using the Airflow Hive MetastoreHook.
34	This method initializes a database connection using the provided configuration parameters.
35	Print the current state of a task instance.
36	This code manages a web server by restarting workers based on their readiness and availability.
37	Returns a client object if not already created.
38	Translates text using a translation API.
39	Returns an instance from the database.
40	Creates an instance in a specified project using the provided body and waits for the operation to complete.
41	Patches an instance in a project using the provided body and waits for the operation to complete.
42	Deletes an instance from a project.
43	Executes a database operation with retries.
44	Inserts a database into a specified project and instance using the provided body.
45	Patches a database in a specified project and instance using the provided body.
46	Deletes a database from a specified instance in a project.
47	Exports an instance with the specified body and project ID, handling retries and waiting for completion.
48	Starts a cloud SQL proxy process, handles errors, and logs its status.
49	Stops the cloud_sql_proxy process and cleans up resources.
50	Extracts the version number from the SQL proxy command output.
51	Creates a database connection using the provided URI and adds it to a session.
52	Retrieves a connection from the database using a session.
53	Deletes a connection from the database using a session.
54	Returns a CloudSqlProxyRunner instance if `use_proxy` is True, otherwise raises an AirflowException.
55	Returns a database hook based on the database type.
56	Logs notices from a PostgreSQL database hook.
57	Reserves a free TCP port and retrieves its port number.
58	Normalizes a job ID by adding a prefix if it starts with a digit or a template, cleaning up 'bad' characters, and removing unnecessary substrings.
59	Extracts error code from exception message.
60	Deletes all DagRuns for specified DAG IDs.
61	Deletes all TaskInstance objects associated with DAGs in the provided list.
62	Sets the paused state of DAGs based on the provided list of DAG IDs.
63	Summarize the code method to print statistics on successful task instances and their performance metrics.
64	This method checks if all tasks have been processed within the specified time limit and logs the appropriate message.
65	Invokes an AWS Lambda function with the specified parameters.
66	This method creates two DataFlowPythonOperators: one for evaluating predictions and another for validating the results.
67	Creates a directory with the specified path and mode. If the directory already exists, raises an exception. Restores the original umask.
68	Convert string to float if possible, otherwise return string.
69	Convert a naive datetime to an aware datetime with a specified timezone.
70	Convert a naive datetime to a timezone-aware datetime.
71	Converts a datetime object with optional timezone information.
72	This method retrieves a connection to a Druid broker using the provided connection details.
73	This method initializes a session with optional headers and connection details, setting the base URL based on the connection's host and port, and handling authentication and extra fields.
74	This method sends a request to a specified endpoint using the provided data and headers, and returns the response.
75	Handles HTTP errors and logs them.
76	This method sends a request using a session, checks the response, and handles exceptions.
77	Creates a database session, commits changes, and handles exceptions.
78	This function wraps a function to check for a session argument and create one if it's not provided.
79	Drops all tables from the database using Alembic and Flask-AppBuilder.
80	Returns a formatted exception message if available, otherwise returns the string representation of the exception.
81	Handles database queries, stripping SQL, and raising exceptions.
82	This method fetches data from a Presto database using a SQL query and returns it as a pandas DataFrame.
83	Runs the given HQL query with optional parameters.
84	Insert rows into a table with optional target fields.
85	Initializes the Cosmos DB client.
86	Checks if a collection exists in a database.
87	Creates a collection in a database if it does not already exist.
88	Checks if a database exists in a database management system.
89	Creates a database if it does not already exist.
90	Deletes a database using the provided name.
91	Deletes a collection from a database.
92	Inserts documents into a specified database and collection.
93	Deletes a document from a specified database and collection.
94	This method retrieves a document from a database using the provided document ID. If the document ID is not provided, it raises an error. If the document is not found, it returns `None`.
95	This method retrieves documents from a database using a SQL query.
96	Retrieves a function from a project's location using the provided name.
97	Creates a new function in a specified location with the given body and project ID.
98	Updates a function in a specified project and location.
99	Uploads a zip file to a Google Cloud Function using the `generateUploadUrl` method.
100	Deletes a function from a project.
101	This method iterates over dependencies, skipping them if specified in the context.
102	Checks if all dependencies passed for a given task and session.
103	Iterates over dependency statuses, yields reasons for failures.
104	This function reads an AWS S3 configuration file and extracts the access key and secret key.
105	Extracts credentials from AWS session.
106	This method retrieves a database connection from a Vertica database using the provided connection ID and configuration settings.
107	Flushes the buffer and logs the content if it's not empty.
108	This function checks if a file is a zip archive and returns the archive path if it is, otherwise returns the original file path.
109	This function lists all Python files in a directory, optionally including examples, and filters based on file extensions and patterns defined in `.airflowignore` files.
110	Constructs a task instance from the database.
111	Starts a DagFileProcessorManager process.
112	Sends termination message to manager.
113	The method handles a signal by logging, terminating, and ending the DAG processors, then exiting the program.
114	Starts the DagFileProcessorManager in either async or sync mode based on the `_async_mode` flag.
115	This method starts an asynchronous loop, processes signals, updates the DAG directory, and logs statistics until all files have been processed or the maximum number of runs is reached.
116	This method starts a loop that receives signals from a connection, processes them, and sends signals back to the connection.
117	Refreshes the DAG directory by searching for Python files and updating the file paths.
118	Prints statistics if the interval has passed.
119	Clears ImportError records from the database based on file paths.
120	Summarizes the code method for logging file processing statistics.
121	Updates file paths and stops processors for deleted files.
122	Wait until all processors are done.
123	This method processes DAG files, logs their completion times, and manages the processing of files in a distributed environment.
124	This method terminates all child processes of the current process, first with SIGTERM and then with SIGKILL if necessary.
125	This method initializes an SSH client for a given connection ID, handling various security settings and connection parameters.
126	Creates a transfer job using the provided body and executes it.
127	Executes a transfer job with retries.
128	This method retrieves a list of transfer jobs from a database using a specified filter.
129	Updates a transfer job by patching its details.
130	Deletes a transfer job by name and project ID.
131	Cancels a transfer operation by name.
132	Pause a transfer operation by name.
133	Resumes a transfer operation with the given name.
134	This method waits for a transfer job to complete by polling its operations until it reaches the expected status or times out.
135	Queries the database for task reschedules based on the given task instance details.
136	Calculates the number of available slots in an Airflow session.
137	Executes a command using subprocess, raises an exception if the command fails, and returns the output.
138	Removes an option from the specified section in the configuration, optionally removing the default value if specified.
139	This function retrieves a section from the Airflow configuration, handling environment variables and converting string values to appropriate types.
140	Allocates IDs for a project using the Google Cloud Platform API.
141	This method begins a transaction on a database connection, retrieves the transaction ID, and returns it.
142	Commits a project with the given body.
143	This method retrieves data from a database using the provided keys and optional read consistency and transaction settings.
144	Rollback transaction in database.
145	Runs a query on a project and returns the batch response.
146	Fetches an operation by name from a database connection.
147	Deletes a project operation.
148	This method continuously polls an operation until it is done, logging the state and waiting for a specified interval between polls.
149	Exports data to a Google Cloud Storage bucket.
150	Imports data from a Google Cloud Storage bucket into a BigQuery project.
151	Publishes a message to a specified target using AWS SDK.
152	This function retrieves the hostname by first checking the configuration for a callable path. If not found, it defaults to using `socket.getfqdn()`. If a callable path is provided, it imports the module and calls the specified attribute.
153	Returns a connection to the language service client.
154	Analyzes entities in a document using a client.
155	Annotate text using a client with specified parameters.
156	Classifies text using a client.
157	This function retrieves template fields from a class in a module, handling potential import errors and class not found exceptions.
158	This function processes template field roles in a document, escaping text, handling role exceptions, and generating inline nodes with template field names.
159	Disposes database connection pool.
160	Appends directories to `sys.path` based on environment variables.
161	Checks if a Celery task result is ready.
162	Detects if a specific configuration variable is present in a binary file.
163	Convert an object to a dictionary, handling datetime objects as ISO strings.
164	This function divides a list into chunks of a specified size.
165	Reduces an iterable into a single value by applying a function to each chunk of the iterable.
166	Iterate over pairs of tasks, setting the downstream task for each.
167	Convert a list of dictionaries to a formatted table.
168	Generates a log filename based on template and Jinja context.
169	Build a Dataproc client with HTTP authorization and caching disabled.
170	Wait for operation to complete.
171	Converts content to string if it's a string, integer, or float, otherwise recursively converts list or dictionary elements.
172	This method handles the execution of a Databricks operator, pushing run details to XCOM, and periodically checking the run status.
173	Runs a Pig job with optional verbose logging and properties.
174	Fetches the state of a Celery task with a timeout. If the task is not ready within 2 seconds, returns an exception with the task ID and traceback.
175	Calculates the maximum number of tasks per send process based on the total count and the synchronization parallelism.
176	Calculates the maximum number of tasks per fetch process based on the total number of tasks and the synchronization parallelism.
177	Sets default value for a key in a class if it does not exist, otherwise returns the existing value.
178	Returns an ML API client authenticated with the provided HTTP client.
179	This method creates a new MLEngine job, handles existing jobs, and waits for the job to finish.
180	This method retrieves a job from the Google Cloud ML Engine, handling rate limiting by retrying after 30 seconds if a 429 error occurs.
181	Wait for a job to complete with a specified interval.
182	This method creates a version in the specified project and model using the Google Cloud ML Engine API, then polls for the operation's completion.
183	Sets the default version of a model in the specified project.
184	Fetches all versions of a model from the Google Cloud ML Engine API.
185	Deletes a model version from a specified project and model.
186	Creates a machine learning model in the specified project.
187	This method retrieves a model from the Google Cloud ML Engine using the provided project ID and model name. It checks if the model name is provided and not empty. If not, it raises a ValueError. It constructs the full model name and makes a GET request to the ML Engine API to retrieve the model. If the request is successful, it returns the model details. If the request fails with a 404 status code, it logs an error and returns None. If any other error occurs, it re-raises the exception.
188	Inserts items into a DynamoDB table using batch writing.
189	This code snippet dynamically imports and registers Airflow executor modules into the Python environment.
190	This function retrieves the default executor from a configuration file and logs its usage.
191	This function dynamically loads and returns an executor based on the provided name.
192	Logs an error with the segment error and items, then raises an AirflowException with the same error message.
193	Returns a connection object using the provided connection details.
194	This method triggers a DAG based on provided data, handling errors and logging.
195	Removes a DAG from Airflow and returns a JSON response indicating success or failure.
196	This function retrieves task information from Airflow, logs any exceptions, and returns a JSON response with the error message.
197	This function retrieves pools from a pool API, handles any AirflowException, and returns a JSON response with an error message and status code.
198	This function creates a pool in Airflow using the provided parameters, logging any errors and returning a JSON response.
199	Deletes a pool and returns a JSON response with an error message if an exception occurs.
200	Creates or updates a container group.
201	Returns a tuple containing the current state, exit code, and detail status of an instance.
202	Extracts messages from an instance view of a resource.
203	Extract logs from a container in Azure.
204	Deletes a container group.
205	Checks if a container group exists in a specified resource group.
206	This function wraps a function to apply default arguments based on the function's signature.
207	Constructs an ingestion query for Druid with specified parameters, including data schema, tuning configuration, and input specification.
208	Checks for messages on specified Redis channels, processes only 'message' type messages, and pushes them to context.
209	This function retrieves all `DagRun` objects from the database based on various filters such as `dag_id`, `run_id`, `execution_date`, `state`, `external_trigger`, and `no_backfills`.
210	Fetches task instances based on state and DAG details.
211	Retrieves a task instance from the database based on task ID and session.
212	Fetches the previous DagRun for a given DAG and execution date.
213	Retrieves the previous scheduled DAG run for the current DAG.
214	Updates the state of a DAG based on task instances and dependencies.
215	Verifies task integrity, marks removed tasks, and restores them if necessary.
216	This function attempts to make a request to a Jenkins server with specified headers, handling various exceptions such as HTTP errors, timeouts, and not found errors.
217	This function takes a context and an optional environment variable format flag, then populates a dictionary with Airflow variables based on the context and format.
218	This method checks a condition and sets a payload in a DAG run object if the condition is met.
219	Sends a metric to the API with specified details.
220	This method queries a metric from an API with specified time range and query parameters.
221	This method retrieves a DAG from the Airflow database, processes it, and returns it.
222	Mark zombie job as failed with message "zombie detected as zombie"
223	This method recursively bags DAGs, resolving template files, updating timestamps, and handling cycle exceptions.
224	Collects DAGs from a specified folder, processes them, and logs the duration, number of tasks, and DAG IDs.
225	Generates a detailed report on DAG bag loading statistics.
226	Convert date string to datetime, add days, return ISO format date string truncated to year, month, day.
227	Convert date string from input format to output format.
228	This method checks if a file exists in a specified directory and matches a given regular expression, filtering out ignored extensions and file sizes.
229	This method checks if a file exists in a specified directory, filtering by file extension and size, and returns a boolean indicating the existence of the file.
230	This method clears task instances, updates their states, and handles retries and shutdowns based on DAG and task information.
231	This method increments the state by 1 if the current state is running.
232	Generates an Airflow command for running a task with specified parameters.
233	Returns the state of the current task instance.
234	Logs an error message and updates the state to FAILED, then merges and commits the session.
235	Refreshes task instance from database, updating state, start and end dates, and try number.
236	Deletes XCom data for the specified DAG and task within the given execution date.
237	Returns a tuple containing the DAG ID, task ID, execution date, and try number.
238	Checks if all downstream tasks are done for a given task instance.
239	Calculates the next retry datetime for a task based on its retry delay and exponential backoff, ensuring the delay does not exceed the maximum allowed by timedelta.
240	Checks if the object is ready for retry based on its state and the next retry datetime.
241	Checks if the pool is full based on the number of open slots.
242	Retrieves a DagRun object from the database based on the DAG ID and execution date.
243	This method sets a value in the XCom for a given task and DAG, ensuring the execution date is not in the past.
244	This method fetches XCom data for a given task ID or list of task IDs, optionally including prior dates.
245	Initializes the run context with the given raw flag and sets the context.
246	Closes the logger, uploads logs to remote storage if enabled, and removes local copies if specified.
247	Build a connection to the compute service using the specified API version and HTTP authorization.
248	Starts an instance in a specified zone with the given resource ID, handling retries and waiting for completion.
249	Sets machine type for a resource in a specified zone.
250	Retrieves an instance template from the Google Cloud Platform using the provided resource ID and project ID.
251	Inserts an instance template into Google Cloud Platform using the provided body and request ID, handling retries and waiting for the operation to complete.
252	Retrieves an instance group manager from the Google Cloud Platform using the provided zone, resource ID, and project ID.
253	Patches an instance group manager in Google Cloud Platform.
254	This method waits for a GCE operation to complete, handling both global and zone-specific operations, and raises an exception if the operation fails.
255	Checks if a bucket exists using AWS SDK and logs an error if it does not.
256	Creates a new S3 bucket with the specified name and region.
257	Checks if a given prefix exists in a list of prefixes for a specified bucket.
258	This method retrieves a list of prefixes from an Amazon S3 bucket.
259	This method retrieves a list of keys from an S3 bucket using pagination.
260	Checks if a key exists in an S3 bucket.
261	This method retrieves an object from an S3 bucket based on a given key.
262	Read key from S3 bucket.
263	This method selects data from an S3 object using AWS SDK for Python (Boto3) and returns the result as a string.
264	Checks if a wildcard key exists in a bucket.
265	This method retrieves keys from an S3 bucket that match a wildcard pattern.
266	Uploads a file to an S3 bucket with optional encryption.
267	Loads a string into a bucket with optional encryption and encoding.
268	Uploads bytes data to an S3 bucket with optional encryption.
269	Uploads a file object to an S3 bucket with optional encryption.
270	Copies an object from one S3 bucket to another.
271	Executes a CQL query using a Cassandra hook and returns the cursor.
272	Converts user type data into a dictionary.
273	This function sends an email using SendGrid, handling various parameters such as recipients, subject, HTML content, attachments, and personalization.
274	Initializes a speech client if not already initialized.
275	Recognizes speech using a client with specified configuration, audio, retry, and timeout settings.
276	Executes a Spark SQL query using the provided context.
277	This function loads entry point plugins, checks their validity, and calls their `on_load` method if available, appending them to the `airflow_plugins` list.
278	Checks if a plugin object is valid and not already in a list of existing plugins.
279	Updates task states in the database based on the provided tasks and execution date.
280	This method retrieves an Azure Data Lake Storage (ADLS) file system client using the provided connection details.
281	Checks if a file exists at the specified path.
282	Uploads a file using multithreading.
283	This method returns a list of files or directories in the specified path, using `glob` if the path contains a wildcard, otherwise using `walk`.
284	Executes an Athena query, handles exceptions, and checks query status.
285	Uncompresses a file from a specified format to a destination directory.
286	Executes SQL query using MS SQL connection.
287	Wraps a function to log its execution metrics.
288	This function builds a dictionary of metrics for a command-line interface (CLI) execution, including details such as the function name, start time, full command, user, DAG ID, task ID, execution date, host name, and logs.
289	Creates a cgroup in a tree structure based on the given path.
290	Deletes a cgroup from the system.
291	Extracts the hostname from a URL string.
292	This method handles API calls to Databricks, retrying up to a limit with exponential backoff.
293	This method initializes a Salesforce connection object based on the provided connection ID and connection details.
294	This method queries a database using a given query, logs the results, and returns them.
295	Returns a description of the specified object using the database connection.
296	Returns a list of field names from an object description.
297	This method constructs a Salesforce query based on the provided object and fields, logs the query, and returns the result of the query.
298	Converts a column to timestamps, handling errors gracefully.
299	Converts query results to a DataFrame, converts datetime strings to datetimes, writes to CSV or JSON file based on format, and handles timestamp conversion and record time addition.
300	This method initializes a MongoDB client based on the provided URI and options.
301	This method retrieves a collection from a MongoDB database.
302	This method replaces multiple documents in a MongoDB collection based on a filter.
303	Checks if there are any mail attachments for a given name in the specified mail folder.
304	Retrieves mail attachments for a given name from a specified folder, handling not found mode as specified.
305	Download mail attachments from a specified folder and save them to a local directory.
306	This method retrieves attachments from a mail message based on a specified name and optional regex check. It iterates through the mail parts, checks for attachments, and collects them into a list. If `find_first` is True, it stops after finding the first matching attachment.
307	Returns the filename and payload of the part.
308	This method puts records into a specified delivery stream using a Firehose connection.
309	This method checks if a task instance is ready for reschedule based on its state and reschedule requests.
310	This function sends an email using a specified backend, handling various parameters such as recipient list, subject, HTML content, files, dry run mode, carbon copy recipients, blind carbon copy recipients, MIME subtype, MIME charset, and additional keyword arguments.
311	This function sends an email using SMTP, handling attachments and optional CC and BCC recipients.
312	Converts a timezone-naive datetime to UTC.
313	Checks if a blob exists in a specified container.
314	Checks if a blob with a specific prefix exists in a container.
315	Loads a string into an S3 blob.
316	Reads a blob from a container and returns its content.
317	Deletes blobs from a container based on a prefix or blob name, handling missing blobs gracefully.
318	This function sends an MLSD command to a FTP server, retrieves file listings, and yields each file name along with its associated facts.
319	This method initializes an FTP connection using parameters from a dictionary.
320	Lists files in a directory.
321	Retrieves a file from an FTP server and writes it to a local file or buffer.
322	Stores a file from a local path or buffer to a remote server.
323	Convert FTP MDTM time to datetime object.
324	Executes a Discord webhook with specified parameters.
325	This method retrieves a connection, extracts service options, and returns a `FileService` instance with the extracted details.
326	Checks if a directory exists in a specified share.
327	Checks if a file exists in a specified share and directory.
328	Lists directories and files in a specified share.
329	Creates a directory within a specified share.
330	Loads a file from a specified path into a file system.
331	Loads a string into a file on a specified share, directory, and file name.
332	Loads a file from a stream into a specified share, directory, and file name.
333	Returns a connection to a storage service.
334	Copies a blob from one bucket to another.
335	Downloads a file from a specified bucket and optionally saves it to a local filename.
336	Uploads a file to a specified bucket with optional gzip compression.
337	Checks if an object exists in a specified bucket.
338	Checks if the blob's update time is after a given timestamp.
339	Deletes a blob from a specified bucket.
340	This method lists all blobs in a specified bucket, handling pagination and versioning.
341	This method retrieves the size of a specified object in a given bucket using the Google Cloud Storage client library.
342	Retrieves the CRC32C checksum of an object in a specified bucket.
343	Retrieves the MD5 hash of an object in a specified bucket.
344	Creates a bucket with specified parameters.
345	Composes multiple source objects into a single destination object in a specified bucket.
346	Checks if the secondary status transitions have changed between two job descriptions.
347	This function generates a secondary training status message based on the job description and previous description.
348	Uploads a directory or file to S3 using a temporary tar archive.
349	Configures S3 resources based on the provided configuration.
350	Checks if the provided S3 URL is valid and contains the specified bucket and key.
351	Returns a client for AWS CloudWatch Logs with retries configured.
352	This method creates a training job, checks its status, and logs the billable seconds.
353	Creates a hyperparameter tuning job using the provided configuration. If waiting for completion, checks the status every 30 seconds until the job is completed or the maximum ingestion time is reached.
354	Creates a transform job with optional wait for completion and check interval.
355	Creates an endpoint with optional wait for completion and checks its status.
356	This method processes a training job's logs, updating positions and state based on log events.
357	This method checks the status of a SageMaker job, logs the status, and raises exceptions if the job fails or exceeds a maximum ingestion time.
358	This method checks the status of a SageMaker training job and logs its progress, handling both completion and failure scenarios. It uses a state machine to alternate between checking the job status and reading logs. If the job is not completed, it waits for completion. If the job is completed, it logs the billable seconds.
359	Executes a Python Dataflow job using Google Cloud services.
360	Runs migrations offline with specified settings.
361	Runs migrations online with a specific configuration.
362	Deletes an instance from the database if it exists, otherwise logs an error.
363	Creates an instance with specified parameters and returns it.
364	Creates a table in a database instance with optional initial split keys and column families.
365	Deletes a table from a database instance.
366	Updates a cluster with nodes.
367	Generates a command for executing a Hive query using the provided connection details and parameters.
368	Convert dictionary to Hive configuration list
369	This method loads a DataFrame into a Hive table, inferring data types from the DataFrame and handling various parameters such as delimiter, encoding, and pandas-specific kwargs.
370	This method loads a file into a Hive table, creating it if it doesn't exist, and optionally partitioning it based on specified fields. It also sets table properties and handles overwrite and partitioning options.
371	This method initializes a Hive Metastore client using Thrift, handling Kerberos authentication if enabled in the configuration.
372	Checks if a named partition exists in the specified schema and table using the provided metastore client.
373	Checks if a table exists in the database.
374	This method connects to a Hive server using the specified connection ID, handling authentication mechanisms and Kerberos service names based on configuration settings.
375	This method retrieves results from a database using a specified HQL query and schema, returning them as a dictionary with a 'data' list and a 'header' dictionary.
376	This method writes the results of a Hive query to a CSV file.
377	Extracts data from a Hive query result.
378	Convert SQL query results to pandas DataFrame.
379	Returns a ProductSearchClient instance if not already created.
380	This method retrieves a DingTalk robot endpoint using an HTTP connection and token.
381	The method `send` checks if the message type is supported by Dingding, builds the message data, logs the message, sends the message, and raises an exception if the message fails to send.
382	Convert parameters to SQL string.
383	Escapes special characters in a string.
384	Convert a string to a specified type in BigQuery.
385	Validates if the value matches the expected type.
386	Returns a BigQueryConnection object with specified parameters.
387	Build a BigQuery service object with an authorized HTTP client and disable discovery caching.
388	Checks if a table exists in a Google BigQuery dataset.
389	Creates a BigQuery table with specified parameters.
390	Patches a BigQuery table with specified parameters.
391	Cancels a BigQuery job if running, waits for completion, or logs if timeout occurs.
392	Deletes a table from a Google Cloud BigQuery dataset.
393	This method checks for a table in a Google BigQuery dataset and either updates or inserts it based on its existence.
394	This method grants view access to a dataset in Google BigQuery.
395	This method retrieves a BigQuery dataset resource based on the provided dataset ID and project ID, handling potential errors and logging the result.
396	This method retrieves a list of datasets for a given project ID using the Google Cloud BigQuery service.
397	Inserts rows into a BigQuery table.
398	Executes a SQL query based on the provided operation and parameters.
399	Executes a SQL operation for each set of parameters in a sequence.
400	This method fetches job results from a service, processes them, and stores them in a buffer. It handles pagination and retries.
401	Executes a SQL query using a PostgreSQL connection.
402	Creates intermediate directories on an SFTP client.
403	Creates a queue with the specified name and attributes.
404	Sends a message to a specified queue.
405	Runs a command with optional arguments and logs the output.
406	Removes configuration file using sudo if necessary.
407	Parses command-line arguments for a NVD3 chart generator.
408	Builds HTML header with CSS and JavaScript assets.
409	Constructs an SVG container with specified dimensions and style.
410	Builds a JavaScript chart with custom tooltip and series data.
411	Creates an x-axis configuration object with optional formatting, label, date format, and focus enable flag.
412	Adds a new axis to the chart with specified properties.
413	Returns a SQLite connection object.
414	Logs user actions with session and request data.
415	This function compresses the response data using gzip if the client supports it.
416	This function retrieves the last DagRun for a given DAG ID from a database session, optionally excluding externally triggered runs.
417	Creates a DAGRun object for a given DAG.
418	Executes a message in an SQS queue using AWS credentials.
419	Convert Python object to JSON response with pretty formatting and custom encoder.
420	Opens a file or a zip archive, returning an open file object.
421	Generates a cache key from the request path and query parameters.
422	Returns a connection to the Video Intelligence Service client.
423	Annotate video with specified parameters.
424	Retrieves the API key from the connection, raising an exception if not found.
425	Creates a session with optional headers and returns it.
426	Executes an API request with a specified payload and API key.
427	Builds an OpsGenie payload from the current object's attributes.
428	Executes an Opsgenie alert with the provided context.
429	Returns a database connection.
430	Starts a query execution with the specified parameters and returns the query execution ID.
431	This method retrieves the status of a query execution from a database connection.
432	This method polls the status of a query execution until it reaches a final state or max_tries is reached.
433	This method initializes a connection to a remote server using PySFTP, handling various parameters such as host, port, username, password, and private key.
434	Handles rate limit exceptions by pausing for the specified time.
435	This method makes a series of API calls to a Zendesk instance, handling pagination and rate limiting.
436	This method retrieves partitions from a database table based on specified criteria and returns them as a set of tuples.
437	Returns the table from the database.
438	Retrieves the storage location of a table in a database.
439	Returns the status of a specified cluster.
440	Deletes a cluster from AWS RDS.
441	This method retrieves and returns a list of snapshots for a specified cluster identifier, filtering and sorting them based on their status and creation time.
442	Restores a cluster from a snapshot.
443	Creates a snapshot of a specified cluster.
444	Executes a Slack API call with provided parameters.
445	This method creates an EMR job flow using the provided job flow overrides and returns the response.
446	Filters files based on their size.
447	Filters files based on ignored extensions and returns the filtered result.
448	Executes a MongoDB query and loads the results into S3.
449	This function retrieves a pool from a database using a given name. It raises an error if the pool name is empty or does not exist.
450	Creates a new pool in the database with the given name, slots, and description.
451	Deletes a pool from the database.
452	Convert Python dictionary to Protocol Buffers message.
453	This method waits for a specified operation to complete, handling different statuses and raising an error if the operation fails.
454	This method retrieves an operation from a client with optional project and zone parameters.
455	Appends a label to a cluster's resource labels.
456	This method creates a cluster in Google Cloud Platform using the provided parameters.
457	Fetches a cluster from the specified project and zone.
458	This method retrieves a webhook endpoint from a connection or a specified string, ensuring it matches the expected format.
459	Builds a Discord payload based on instance attributes.
460	Executes Discord webhook with specified proxy.
461	Encrypts plaintext using a specified key and optional authenticated data.
462	Executes a command to import a table into a specified directory.
463	Imports a query into a specified directory with optional options.
464	Executes the export command using the provided parameters.
465	Initializes the client if not already set.
466	Synthesize speech using Google Cloud Text-to-Speech service.
467	Closes the logger, uploads logs to remote storage if enabled, and marks the logger as closed.
468	This method generates a list of init containers for a Kubernetes deployment based on configuration settings.
469	This method initializes an environment dictionary based on configuration settings, setting specific environment variables such as executor, home directory, DAGs folder, and SQL connection based on the provided configuration.
470	This method generates a list of `Secret` objects based on the Kubernetes configuration, including environment variables and secret references.
471	Generates a security context dictionary based on configuration settings.
472	Constructs a URL for Qubole command analysis based on the provided connection details and task instance.
473	This method handles the heartbeat of a job in a scheduler, updating the job's state, last heartbeat time, and triggering a callback.
474	Starts a new process to process a file using the provided parameters.
475	Starts the DagFileProcessor with specified parameters.
476	This method checks if a process is done and handles potential errors related to the process's state.
477	Handles graceful exit upon receiving a signal.
478	Clears and adds import errors for processed files in a DAG bag.
479	This method processes DAG runs, updating their states and managing active runs.
480	This method changes the state of task instances in a database based on their associated DagRun state.
481	This method calculates the concurrency maps for tasks in a DAG based on their states.
482	This method changes the state of task instances to queued based on the provided acceptable states and session.
483	Enqueue task instances with queued state.
484	Executes task instances based on given states and commits changes.
485	Sets task instances to scheduled state based on failed execution.
486	This method processes executor events, logs them, and handles task failures in a DAG bag.
487	This method processes a DAG file, loads it into the ORM, and schedules tasks based on their dependencies.
488	Updates task statuses based on their states and adds them to appropriate collections.
489	This method manages executor state, logs warnings and errors, and handles task failures.
490	This method retrieves a DagRun for a given run date, respecting the DAG's schedule interval and maximum active runs limit.
491	This method retrieves task instances for a given DAG run, handling orphaned tasks and scheduling tasks based on their state.
492	This method processes backfill task instances for a given set of run dates, updating the task instance status accordingly.
493	Updates unfinished DAG runs to failed state.
494	This method executes a backfill of a DAG, handling dependencies, scheduling, and error collection.
495	This method checks the heartbeat callback for termination conditions and logs warnings if the recorded hostname or PID does not match the current instance's hostname or PID.
496	Returns a client object for the specified project ID.
497	Retrieves an instance from a client, returning `None` if it does not exist.
498	Applies a function to an instance with specified parameters and handles errors.
499	Creates an instance with the specified parameters.
500	Updates an instance with the specified configuration and details.
501	Deletes an instance from a project.
502	This method retrieves a database from a specified instance in a given project, raising an exception if the instance or database does not exist.
503	This method creates a database in a specified project using the Google Cloud SQL API. It checks if the instance exists, creates the database with the provided DDL statements, and logs the result. If an error occurs during the process, it logs the error and re-raises it.
504	Updates a database's DDL statements in the specified project and database.
505	Deletes a database from an instance in Google Cloud Platform.
506	Pokes for an attachment in an email using an ImapHook.
507	Combines additional properties with language hints and web detection parameters, handling cases where either is missing.
508	Connect to a database session.
509	Checks if a table exists in a Cassandra cluster.
510	Checks if a record exists in a database table based on provided keys.
511	Constructs a command to poll the status of a Spark driver.
512	Executes a Spark submit command, tracks driver status, and raises an exception if the command fails.
513	This method processes a Spark submit log to extract application and driver IDs, store exit codes, and track driver status based on the deployment mode.
514	Extracts driver status from Spark log lines.
515	This function returns a task runner based on the value of `_TASK_RUNNER`.
516	This method waits for a job execution to complete in AWS Batch, handling retries and timeouts.
517	Executes a SQL query using a MySQL connection.
518	Configures a CSV file with a given schema.
519	Convert database schema to JSON and upload to server.
520	Convert schema to dictionary.
521	Convert MySQL type to Python type.
522	Executes Sqoop command based on `cmd_type` and parameters.
523	This function wraps a method to log lineage information, push data to XCom, and send lineage to a backend.
524	This method attempts to parse JSON data from a string stored in `self.extra`, logging any exceptions that occur and returning the parsed object or an error message if parsing fails.
525	Generates a list of dates within a specified range or number of days.
526	Convert time from seconds to specified units.
527	Calculates the date and time `n` days ago from the current time.
528	Initializes role permissions in the database.
529	Deletes a role from the database if it exists.
530	This method retrieves the roles of a user from the application's security manager, returning a list of roles. If the user is anonymous, it returns the public role configured in the application's settings. If the user is authenticated, it returns the roles assigned to the user.
531	This method returns a set of tuples representing all unique permission views for the user's roles.
532	Checks if the user has a specific role or list of roles.
533	Checks if a permission is granted based on a permission name and view menu name.
534	Deletes faulty permissions from the database.
535	This method checks for a permission and view menu in the database, then creates a new record if they don't exist.
536	Updates admin permissions based on permission views.
537	This method synchronizes DAG view permissions based on access control mappings.
538	Creates permissions for all DAGs.
539	This function initializes a Fernet object for encrypting and decrypting data, handling various scenarios such as missing or invalid cryptography key.
540	Pokes for a table in a database based on a given expression.
541	Initialize AWS Glue Catalog hook if not already set.
542	This method checks for messages on an SQS queue, deletes them, and pushes the messages to XCom.
543	This method initializes a Hadoop client based on the provided connection details and configuration.
544	This method retrieves and returns a HDFS client for each connection in a list, handling exceptions and logging errors.
545	Checks if a path exists in HDFS.
546	Uploads a file from a local path to a HDFS path using the specified parameters.
547	Connect to Pinot broker using provided connection details.
548	Constructs a URI from a connection object.
549	Convert a `datetime.date` object to a dictionary containing day, month, and year.
550	Converts a `datetime.time` object to a dictionary containing hours, minutes, and seconds.
551	Initializes Redis connection with specified parameters.
552	Read SQL query into pandas DataFrame.
553	Executes SQL statements with optional parameters and commits if necessary.
554	Sets autocommit mode for a database connection.
555	Insert rows into a database table with optional target fields, commit every 1000 rows, and replace existing rows if specified.
556	Converts a cell to a string representation.
557	This method checks the health of a scheduler job and returns a JSON response indicating the status and the latest heartbeat.
558	This method retrieves and returns the URL for a specific link associated with a task in an Airflow DAG based on the provided parameters.
559	Returns a Cloudant session using the provided connection details.
560	Executes a Slack webhook hook with specified parameters.
561	This method retrieves credentials for an Airflow hook, handling different types of key files and scopes.
562	Authenticates HTTP requests with Google credentials.
563	Decorator to catch and handle HTTP exceptions in Airflow DAGs.
564	This function wraps a method to ensure it only accepts keyword arguments for the `project_id` parameter, and raises an exception if the parameter is not provided.
565	Returns a list of possible states for an unfinished task.
566	Constructs a Spark-SQL command with various configurations and arguments.
567	Converts a PIL Image or numpy array to a PyTorch tensor.
568	Normalizes a tensor by subtracting the mean and dividing by the standard deviation.
569	Resizes an image to a specified size using bilinear interpolation.
570	Pads an image with specified padding and fill value.
571	Crops a PIL image using specified coordinates.
572	Resizes and crops an image using PIL.
573	Flips an image horizontally using PIL.
574	Transforms an image using perspective transformation.
575	Flips an image vertically using PIL.
576	This function takes an image and a size tuple, crops the image into four quadrants and a central square, and returns them as a tuple.
577	Adjusts the brightness of an image using PIL.
578	Adjusts the contrast of an image using PIL.
579	Adjusts the saturation of an image using PIL.
580	Adjusts the hue of an image by a specified factor.
581	Adjusts the gamma of an image using a specified gamma value and gain.
582	Rotates an image by a specified angle.
583	This function applies an affine transformation to an image.
584	Converts an image to grayscale.
585	Saves a tensor as an image using PyTorch's `make_grid` and `PIL` library.
586	This function returns a list of directory names and a dictionary mapping directory names to indices.
587	This function reads images from a directory, crops them into patches, converts them to NumPy arrays, and returns a ByteTensor of the first `n` patches.
588	Reads labels from a file and returns them as a LongTensor.
589	Reads matches from files and returns a tensor of matches.
590	Calculates top-k accuracy for a model's output against a target.
591	Sets up a distributed environment by overriding the built-in print function.
592	Downloads a file from a given URL to a specified directory, handling both HTTP and HTTPS URLs and verifying the file's integrity using MD5 checksum.
593	This function lists directories in a given root path, optionally prefixing them with the root path.
594	This function lists files in a directory with a specific suffix, optionally prefixed with the directory path.
595	Downloads a file from Google Drive using the provided file ID and saves it to the specified root directory.
596	This function generates random crop coordinates for an image to match a specified output size.
597	Generates random points for a quadrilateral with given width, height, and distortion scale.
598	This function generates a random crop of an image by randomly selecting a region within the image's dimensions, ensuring the aspect ratio is within the specified range. If no suitable crop is found, it returns a central crop of the image.
599	Generates a random image transformation pipeline with adjustable brightness, contrast, saturation, and hue.
600	Generates random parameters for image transformations.
601	Download files from a specified URL, extract them, and download individual photos from a list of URLs.
602	Download, process, and save images and labels to disk.
603	Download, extract, process, and save data from an EMNIST dataset.
604	This function retrieves the current theme name from the request, optionally overriding it with a specified value, and returns the theme name if it exists in the themes dictionary or is '__common__'. If the theme name is not found, it returns a default theme.
605	This function processes a search query, retrieves autocompletion results, and returns them in JSON format.
606	This method handles user preferences, renders a preferences page, and provides statistics based on user preferences.
607	Returns a list of themes excluding '__common__'.
608	This function searches for a query starting with a bang or colon and returns a list of search engine suggestions based on the query.
609	Converts currency using DuckDuckGo API and returns the result.
610	Custom gradient computation with TensorFlow, handling manually stopped gradients and ensuring correct shapes.
611	`mvn` is a function that returns an `Independent` distribution of `Normal` distributions with specified parameters.
612	This method calculates the joint log probability of treatment effects, average effects, and school effects using TensorFlow distributions.
613	This code defines a benchmark for an eight-schools model using TensorFlow's MCMC sampling.
614	This function takes a function `fn` and a dictionary of keyword arguments `kwargs`, replaces all occurrences of `${k}` in the function's docstring with the corresponding values from `kwargs`, and returns the modified function.
615	Convert a distribution's name to a simpler form by removing trailing slashes and underscores.
616	Builds a custom random variable with specified distribution, sample shape, and value, exposing the name as a dummy kwarg.
617	Creates a random variable from a given distribution.
618	Create a random variable for a given distribution class.
619	This method performs one-step predictive inference on a time series using a given model and parameter samples. It first normalizes the observed time series, then applies filtering to extract predictive means and variances. Finally, it combines these draws into a single time series.
620	This function forecasts a time series using a state-space model, incorporating parameter samples and generating multiple posterior draws for the forecast.
621	Calculates the maximum value of an array along a specified axis, replacing non-finite values with a specified mask.
622	Asserts that the input tensor `x` is finite.
623	Asserts that the rank of `x` is less than or equal to `rank`.
624	Calculates the size of an event tensor.
625	This function evaluates a function `fn` over all one-hot vectors of a given distribution, reshaping the eye matrix to match the batch dimensions and then cyclically transposing the result.
626	Converts an identifier to a tensor function.
627	Calculates the total size of parameters for a mixture of components.
628	This function pops an interceptor from a stack and yields it, then appends it back to the stack.
629	Intercepts function calls with next interceptor.
630	Records function execution to a tape.
631	This function generates synthetic logistic data for a binary classification task.
632	Visualizes decision boundaries and weights for a given dataset.
633	Builds a TensorFlow input pipeline from tensors `x` and `y`, repeating the dataset and batching the results.
634	This method checks the rank and size of a tensor and ensures it is strictly increasing.
635	The method `trace` takes a state, a transition operator, a number of steps, and a trace function, then returns the updated state and the full trace.
636	This function takes a function `fn` and arguments `args`, and returns the result of calling `fn` with the arguments. If `args` is a list or tuple, it converts it to a tuple before calling `fn`.
637	This function takes a function `fn` and arguments `args`, computes the output `ret` and extra outputs `extra`, and then computes the gradients of `ret` with respect to `args`.
638	This function takes two structures and broadcasts the first structure to match the second structure's structure.
639	Transforms a log probability function using a bijector and returns the transformed log probability along with the transformed state.
640	This method updates the leapfrog step state by computing the gradients of the target log probability and kinetic energy functions, and then updating the state and momentum accordingly.
641	This function performs a Metropolis-Hastings step in a Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithm, updating the state based on a proposed state and the energy difference between the current and proposed states.
642	This function performs Hamiltonian Monte Carlo sampling on a given target log probability function using a specified step size and number of leapfrog steps. It updates the state, kinetic energy, and state extra information based on the Hamiltonian dynamics.
643	Adapts control based on output and set point using MCMC utility.
644	This method deserializes function configurations from a dictionary, populating a class instance with the deserialized functions.
645	Convert input to tensor.
646	This method creates a linear operator representing a scaled identity matrix with optional perturbations.
647	Adds a normal perturbation to the input state.
648	Adds a uniform perturbation to the input state.
649	Expands a tensor to match the event shape.
650	Calculates the lower bound of entropy for a distribution.
651	This method computes category probabilities from logits using a softmax function, handling both log probabilities and regular probabilities based on the input flag.
652	This function validates the shapes and ranks of tensors `outcomes`, `logits`, and `probs` based on the `validate_args` flag.
653	Ensure TensorFlow is installed and meets the required version.
654	Logistic regression model with multivariate normal coefficients and Bernoulli labels.
655	This function fetches the covertype dataset, normalizes the features, adds an intercept, binarizes the labels, and returns the features and labels as TensorFlow tensors.
656	Computes the Cholesky decomposition of the covariance matrix of a dataset.
657	Calculates the standard deviation of a tensor along a specified axis.
658	Calculates the variance of a tensor along a specified axis.
659	Transforms a list or 1D tensor of axis indices to positive indices within the range of the input dimensions.
660	Squeezes a tensor along a specified axis.
661	Standardizes the input tensor `x` by subtracting the mean `self.loc` and dividing by the scale `self.scale`.
662	Returns the reconstructed value of `z` using the scale and location parameters.
663	This function creates a 2x2 transition matrix for a semilocal linear trend model, incorporating an autoregressive coefficient.
664	This function generates a multivariate normal distribution for the slope and level in a semi-local linear trend model, incorporating autoregressive coefficients and noise scales.
665	The function `sample_halton_sequence` generates a Halton sequence in TensorFlow, which is a sequence of numbers that are uniformly distributed in a given interval. The function takes several parameters such as the dimension of the sequence, the number of results, the sequence indices, the data type, and a random seed. The function first checks the input parameters and then generates the sequence using a combination of prime numbers and randomization. The sequence is then returned as a tensor.
666	Generates permutations of dimensions using Halton sequence and shuffles them.
667	This function takes a number of results, a sequence of indices, and a data type, then returns a reshaped tensor with the indices shifted by one and a new dimension added for the event and place value coefficients.
668	Calculates the size of the base expansion of a number.
669	This function generates all prime numbers less than a given integer `n`.
670	Returns the machine epsilon for a given data type.
671	The Hager-Zhang method is a numerical optimization algorithm for finding the minimum of a function. It uses a line search to find the optimal step size and then iteratively refines the search interval until convergence.
672	This code defines a while loop that iteratively updates a variable `val_c` based on a given function `value_and_gradients_function` and a step size shrink parameter. The loop continues until a certain condition is met, which is determined by the number of iterations allowed based on the machine epsilon of the input data type.
673	This method performs a bracketing search followed by a line search to find a minimum of a function within a specified interval.
674	This function implements a line search algorithm using secant2 and HagerZhang methods, with optional inner bisecting. It iterates until a convergence condition is met or a maximum number of iterations is reached.
675	This function performs a line search within a given interval using bisection and updates the search interval based on the results.
676	This function prepares arguments for a numerical optimization process, including setting initial step sizes, initial values, and a limit for the function value.
677	Prints a tensor with flattened values of a namedtuple or list/tuple.
678	This function computes a quadrature scheme for a softmax-normal distribution using Gauss-Hermite quadrature.
679	This function computes a quadrature scheme for a softmax-normal distribution, generating quantiles and probabilities.
680	This function checks the rank and shape of a parameter tensor for a given name, ensuring it is a vector or a bimixture.
681	This function determines the batch event shapes based on the given grid and endpoint affine.
682	Interpolates a location within a grid using a specified degree.
683	Interpolates a grid using a specified scale.
684	Combines a scaled identity with another linear operator.
685	Combines vectors into a single tensor along a specified axis.
686	Computes the log sum of the element-wise sum of vectors and matrices.
687	Computes the log sum of the matrix-vector product of `ms` and `vs`.
688	Computes the sum of the product of vectors and matrices along the last axis.
689	Extracts log probabilities for a given number of states and distribution.
690	Calculates the forward log probabilities for a Markov chain.
691	This method computes the posterior marginals of a hidden Markov model using TensorFlow.
692	This method computes the most likely sequence of states given a set of observations using a Markov chain model.
693	Chooses random directions across input components, normalizes them, and returns the result.
694	This method samples the next state of a Markov chain by choosing a random direction, interpolating step sizes, and then applying the chosen direction to the current state. It uses an ellipsoidal interpolation to compute the step direction for the chosen direction. The method also computes the target log density projected along the chosen direction and uses a slice sampler to sample the next state.
695	This function checks if a function `fn` should be called with a list of arguments `fn_arg_list`. If `fn_result` is not provided, it calls `fn` with the arguments. If `fn_result` is a floating-point tensor, it returns `fn_result`; otherwise, it raises a TypeError.
696	Pads a tensor to a specified rank by adding zeros to the end.
697	This method initializes a slice sampler kernel for a given target log probability function, state, and step size, and returns the next state and kernel results.
698	Builds a trainable posterior distribution for a given parameter using TensorFlow.
699	Constructs a factored variational loss for a time series model.
700	Minimize the loss function using an Adam optimizer in a while loop.
701	Computes mean and variance of a masked time series tensor.
702	Compute initial values of a masked time series.
703	This function computes the broadcasted batch shape of a list of distributions.
704	This function computes the factorized joint multivariate normal distribution from a list of distributions.
705	Summarizes a list of multivariate normal distributions into a single multivariate normal distribution.
706	Computes empirical statistics for a masked time series.
707	Expands trailing dimension of a tensor if it is not already 1.
708	Converts a masked time series to a masked time series with a boolean mask.
709	This function takes two tensors, `means` and `variances`, and returns a mixture distribution over posterior draws.
710	Calculates the difference between the high and low values.
711	Summarize the method `_make_summary_statistic` in one line.
712	This function takes a distribution function and an index, and returns a wrapped function that takes a list of arguments and returns the result of calling the distribution function with the reversed and truncated arguments.
713	Resolves distribution names based on function arguments and leaf name.
714	Extracts required arguments from a function's signature, excluding `self` and default arguments.
715	Computes the KL divergence between two sequences of distributions.
716	Build a distance function from a list-like model.
717	This function resolves a graph by handling distribution names, ensuring uniqueness, and matching them with the number of random variables.
718	Computes entropy of a distribution, raising ValueError if distributions are not independent.
719	The function `check_arg_in_support` wraps another function `f` to ensure that the first argument `x` is within the support of the distribution `dist`.
720	Summarizes a sequence of images by clipping, unstacking, concatenating, and expanding dimensions for visualization.
721	Visualizes the reconstruction of the first `num` inputs and their corresponding reconstructions.
722	Visualizes qualitative analysis results using TensorFlow.
723	Summarizes the distribution parameters using TensorFlow summaries.
724	Summarizes the mean of input tensor in natural units and bits per dimension.
725	`call` method in `tfp.distributions.MultivariateNormalDiag` removes `inputs` and returns a `MultivariateNormalDiag` distribution with specified `loc` and `scale_diag`.
726	Initialize hidden and cell states to zeros.
727	This method processes input data through a LSTM cell, applies a linear output layer, and returns a multivariate normal distribution with specified mean and scale.
728	Reshape the output tensor to match the input shape.
729	Generates likelihood from dynamic and static samples using decoder.
730	Reconstructs a likelihood using a decoder and samples from prior/posterior distributions based on input features and parameters.
731	Generates a sample from the static prior distribution with optional fixed shape.
732	This method generates a sequence of samples from a dynamic prior distribution, handling fixed and variable batch sizes.
733	Calculates the batch shape of a model by broadcasting the batch shapes of its parameters.
734	Calculates the batch shape of a model by broadcasting the batch shapes of its parameters.
735	Generates a state space model with specified parameters and initial conditions.
736	Generates a state space model with prior samples for parameters and returns the model and parameter samples.
737	Computes the minimum event dimensionality of a list of bijectors, adjusting for rank changes.
738	Convert vector length to square matrix size.
739	Sorts the input values in ascending or descending order based on the specified direction.
740	Sorts an array in ascending or descending order using the quicksort algorithm with optional stability.
741	Calculates the cumulative distribution function (CDF) of a standard normal distribution.
742	Calculates the cumulative distribution function (CDF) of a standard normal distribution using TensorFlow.
743	Calculates the negative inverse cumulative distribution function (CDF) for a given probability.
744	This function computes the natural logarithm of the cumulative distribution function (CDF) of the standard normal distribution for a given input tensor `x`. It handles different data types and orders of the series used for the approximation.
745	Calculates the asymptotic series for the normal cumulative distribution function (CDF) using the double factorial method.
746	Calculates the inverse of the error function for a given input tensor.
747	This function computes the log cumulative distribution function (CDF) for a Laplace distribution using TensorFlow. It handles both positive and negative values of `x` differently, with a special case for `x < 0` where the CDF is exactly 0.5 * exp(x). For positive `x`, it uses a safe exponential function to avoid numerical issues. The function returns the computed CDF value.
748	This function calculates the joint log probability of lambda_1, lambda_2, and tau given count_data using TensorFlow distributions.
749	This code defines a benchmark for text message data using Hamiltonian Monte Carlo (HMC) with a custom joint log probability function. It initializes a chain with initial values, runs the HMC algorithm, and measures the acceptance rate and wall time.
750	Determines if the marginal Gaussian at `index_points` is univariate.
751	This method computes the marginal distribution of a Gaussian process at specified index points.
752	This method returns the `index_points` attribute if provided, otherwise it returns the value stored in `_index_points`.
753	Create a sequence of IAF and swap bijectors.
754	Updates the number of leapfrog steps in the kernel results based on the previous step size.
755	The method `bootstrap_results` computes the loss for training a variational autoencoder (VAE) using TensorFlow, including sampling from the variational distribution, computing the log probability, and applying gradients to update the model parameters.
756	Computes the outer product of the difference between two tensors.
757	Computes the value and batch Jacobian of a function `f` with respect to its input `x`.
758	```python
def _prevent_2nd_derivative(x):
    def grad(dy):
        return tf.identity(x)
    return tf.identity(x), grad
```
759	This method computes the distributional transform for a given input tensor, handling cases where the input tensor has an undefined rank and ensuring that the components distribution is a scalar distribution. It then calculates the log probabilities, cumulative probabilities, and logits of the posterior weights, and finally computes the final distributional transform.
760	Splits a covariance matrix into marginal matrices based on block sizes.
761	This function decomposes a model into its components, extracts their means and covariances from the joint posterior, and then uses these to create per-component state space models. It then uses these models to predict the observations for each component and builds a mixture distribution that integrates over the posterior draws.
762	Decompose time series using a state space model with parameter samples.
763	Decompose forecast by component using TensorFlow.
764	Convert dense tensor to sparse tensor.
765	Transforms a method into a decorator that wraps it with additional functionality.
766	Convert tensor to string representation.
767	Convert sample_shape to TensorShape if it's a Tensor, otherwise return it as is.
768	Returns the shape of the sample tensor.
769	The method `value` initializes `_value` if it is `None`, otherwise, it samples a value from the distribution using `sample_shape_tensor()`. If `sample` is not implemented, it raises a `NotImplementedError`.
770	Evaluates the value of the TensorFlow operation in the specified session and feed dictionary.
771	Convert a non-EagerTensor to a NumPy array.
772	Calculates the normal conjugate posterior distribution given a prior, scale, and observation sum.
773	The function `real_nvp_default_template` takes a list of hidden layers and optional parameters, constructs a neural network with fully connected layers, and returns the shift and log scale parameters.
774	Transforms a tensor to a unit norm in a specified dimension.
775	Computes the log-unnormalized probability of a given input tensor using the specified method.
776	Calculates the log normalization term for a log-normal distribution.
777	This function determines the common data type among a list of tensors, optionally preferring a specified data type.
778	This function computes a summary statistic of a distribution attribute, reshaping and broadcasting the result to match the distribution's shape.
779	Broadcasts a tensor to a list of tensors.
780	Calculates the PDF at the peak of the distribution.
781	Calculates the effective sample size for a list of states with optional filtering.
782	Calculates the effective sample size for a time series using auto-correlation and a threshold.
783	Calculates the potential scale reduction for a single state in a Markov chain.
784	Calculates the size of a tensor along a specified axis.
785	Broadcasts a list-like argument to match the length of the states list.
786	This function computes a quadrature scheme for a log-normal distribution using Gauss-Hermite quadrature.
787	This function computes quantiles for a lognormal distribution using a specified number of quadrature points.
788	Merges two mappings or individual arguments into a new mapping.
789	Removes specified field from the mapping.
790	Merges two objects based on equality or specified condition.
791	Convert dictionary items to tuples, recursively process lists and tuples.
792	Generates left increments and widths for a sequence of doublings.
793	Returns the index of the best interval in the input tensor.
794	This function computes the bounds for a slice in a probabilistic model by doubling the initial value and adjusting the bounds based on the target log probability and slice height.
795	This function implements a Metropolis-Hastings algorithm to sample from a target distribution with shrinkage.
796	This function performs a slice sampling algorithm to generate samples from a target distribution.
797	Sets random variable values to its aligned value.
798	This function computes the log-probability of inputs according to a joint probability distribution using Edward random variables.
799	Extracts function arguments from a TensorFlow function or method.
800	This function defines a convolutional block with two convolutional layers, batch normalization, and ReLU activation, followed by a max pooling layer.
801	This function builds a tree of states using a leapfrog integrator and NUTS (No-U-Turn Sampler) algorithm. It recursively builds subtrees at each state, considering the direction of the leapfrog step and the maximum simulation error. If a subtree does not terminate, it builds a second subtree at the forward or reverse state. The function proposes either the next state or a new forward/reverse state based on the probability of the far subtree. If the far subtree does not terminate either, and if the reverse-most and forward-most states do not exhibit a U-turn, the function continues the NUTS trajectory.
802	Checks for None gradients in a function.
803	Determines if the dot product of differences between states and momentum is positive.
804	Update state, target log prob, and momentum using leapfrog method.
805	Calculates the joint log probability by summing the squared momentum terms.
806	Generates a random binary tensor with probabilities specified by `probs`.
807	Creates `loc` and `scale` parameters based on input parameters.
808	Creates a multivariate distribution with specified parameters.
809	Generates a multivariate normal distribution with a zero mean and unit variance.
810	Deserializes a function from a serialized string based on the function type.
811	Convert function to string representation
812	Flattens and maps a nested structure from one to another.
813	Converts nested structures to tensors.
814	Convert arguments to tensors with optional dtype and name.
815	This function takes a function and its arguments, expands them if necessary, and then calls the function with the expanded arguments.
816	This function returns a dictionary of attributes for TensorFlow tensors, including overloaded operators and whitelisted members.
817	This function creates a mixture prior distribution with specified latent size and mixture components.
818	Reshape and transpose images to fit specified dimensions.
819	Downloads a file from a URL to a specified directory.
820	This code defines two functions, `build_fake_input_fns` and `train_input_fn`, which generate fake input data for training and evaluation purposes.
821	Validates block sizes against bijectors and returns them.
822	This function checks if broadcasting is valid in a TensorFlow model and raises an error if it is not.
823	This function creates a multivariate normal distribution with a lower triangular scale matrix.
824	Generates a Bernoulli distribution from input data.
825	Generates a normal distribution from input tensor using specified layers and functions.
826	Generates a Poisson distribution from a given input tensor using a specified layer and log rate function.
827	Generates proposed states using Euler-Maruyama method.
828	Calculates drift for MCMC using given step sizes, volatilities, and gradients.
829	Computes the log acceptance correction for a Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) step.
830	This function computes the volatility and its gradients for a given state and volatility function, handling parallelism and broadcasting for determinism.
831	It returns a list of tensors by adding zeros to each element of `volatility_parts` with the same shape and data type as `state_parts`.
832	Constructs an autoregressive transition matrix from given coefficients.
833	Calculates the sample shape of a tensor based on the event and batch shapes.
834	This method reshapes input and output tensors based on the distribution's batch shape and event shape, applying a function `fn` to the reshaped input.
835	This method takes a function `fn`, an event shape list, a static event shape list, and extra keyword arguments, then reshapes the output of `fn` to match the specified shapes.
836	Calculates the binomial distribution gradient.
837	This method generates samples from a joint distribution using a generator and a seed stream. It iterates over the distribution, appending the actual distribution to a list and the next sample to a list based on the provided value.
838	Generates a bag of words from a Dirichlet distribution.
839	This function creates a variational autoencoder (VAE) model for topic modeling using TensorFlow.
840	This function takes a list of topics, their weights, a vocabulary, and optional parameters to return a list of topic strings.
841	This code defines a function `newsgroups_dataset` that loads a dataset from a specified directory, converts it to a sparse matrix, and then creates a TensorFlow dataset from the sparse matrix. The dataset can be shuffled and repeated for training.
842	This code defines two functions, `train_input_fn` and `eval_input_fn`, which generate fake input data for training and evaluation purposes. The `build_fake_input_fns` function takes a batch size as input and returns these two functions along with a vocabulary list.
843	Build input functions for training and evaluation.
844	Minimize a loss function using gradient descent with regularization.
845	Updates the codebook using an exponential moving average and adds a small value to avoid division by zero.
846	Saves images from a numpy array to a file.
847	Visualize training images, reconstructions, and prior samples.
848	This function loads a binary MNIST dataset from a specified directory, parses each line as a boolean array, reshapes it to a 28x28x1 tensor, and returns it along with a constant integer label.
849	Convert a TensorFlow dtype to a NumPy dtype.
850	Convert a dtype to its base dtype if it exists, otherwise return the dtype.
851	Checks if a given data type is boolean.
852	Determines if a given data type is complex.
853	Returns the maximum value of a given data type.
854	Convert a TensorFlow data type to its name.
855	Returns the size of a data type.
856	This function checks if all items in a list have the same data type and raises a ValueError if they do not.
857	This function checks if the input tensors have the same floating-point data type.
858	Minimize a given objective function using the Nelder-Mead algorithm with specified parameters.
859	The method `nelder_mead_one_step` performs a single iteration of the Nelder-Mead algorithm to update a simplex in a multi-dimensional space. It computes the centroid of the face opposite the worst vertex, reflects the worst vertex through this centroid, and decides whether to accept the reflection, expand the simplex, contract the simplex, or shrink the simplex based on the objective function values.
860	Replace the worst simplex with a reflected one.
861	Performs the expansion step and updates the simplex and objective values.
862	Performs a contraction by replacing the worst simplex with a new point.
863	The method shrinks the simplex towards the best vertex if the contraction step fails to improve the average objective.
864	Replaces a specified element in a tensor at a given index.
865	Checks if the simplex has converged based on the worst and best objective values and the position tolerance.
866	This function prepares arguments for a simplex optimization process, handling cases where either an initial simplex or an initial vertex is specified, and ensuring that step sizes are not provided when an initial simplex is specified.
867	This function prepares arguments for a simplex optimization problem by converting the initial simplex to a tensor, determining the number of dimensions, and evaluating the objective function at the initial simplex.
868	This function prepares arguments for a simplex optimization process, including initial vertex, step sizes, and objective function evaluations.
869	This function evaluates an objective function on a batch of arguments and returns the results along with the number of points in the batch.
870	This function generates a plot comparing the means and standard deviations of weight distributions for different names, saving the plot as a PNG file.
871	This function plots heldout predictions, including input values and posterior samples, and saves the plot as a PNG file.
872	This function generates a synthetic dataset for training and validation in a machine learning context.
873	Returns a dictionary containing configuration details for the model.
874	Constructs a class instance from a configuration dictionary.
875	This function computes the matrix product of two matrices `a` and `b`, with optional transpose and conjugate operations.
876	This method calculates the standard deviation or variance of a dataset, handling cases where the data points are less than 1 by returning infinity or NaN.
877	Updates a moving log mean using a decay factor.
878	Transforms a 1D tensor into a 2D tensor by adding a new dimension if necessary.
879	Generates a random Rademacher distribution with the specified shape and data type.
880	Generates a random Rayleigh distribution with specified shape and scale.
881	This function returns `cond_true` if `pred` is a scalar and `cond_false` otherwise.
882	Calculates log probability for a single fiber, applying transformations and adjustments based on event dimensions.
883	This method calculates the probability for a single fiber using a distribution and updates the probability based on the log-likelihood and event override settings.
884	Transposes the input tensor `x` by rotating its dimensions according to the specified parameters.
885	Reverses batch normalization by scaling and shifting the input.
886	Validates a batch normalization layer.
887	Extends param shape with ones on the left to match dist_batch_shape, reshapes param, and slices it according to given slices.
888	This function takes a distribution, parameters, event dimensions, and slices, and returns a dictionary of sliced parameters.
889	This method creates a new distribution by applying a single step to an existing distribution based on specified slices and parameters.
890	Applies a sequence of slice overrides to a distribution.
891	This method takes a distribution, parameters, and slices, and applies the slices to the distribution, tracking the history of the slices and overrides.
892	Fits a model using TensorFlow's `tf.while_loop` to iteratively update coefficients until convergence.
893	The method checks if the model coefficients have converged based on the relative Euclidean norm of the change between consecutive iterations.
894	This function prepares input tensors for a machine learning model by converting them to tensors, handling default model coefficients, and calculating the predicted linear response based on the model matrix, coefficients, and offset.
895	Returns the number of columns in a tensor.
896	This code defines a decorator that checks if the arguments of a function match those of a static function, and raises an error if they do not. If the arguments match, it returns the static function; otherwise, it returns the original function.
897	This function copies the docstring from one function to another, ensuring they match.
898	Convert a predicate to a boolean value.
899	Calculates the number of dimensions in a tensor.
900	`_case_helper` from `control_flow_ops` with optional parameters.
901	Creates a name scope for TensorFlow operations.
902	Calculates the standard deviation of a mixture distribution.
903	This function creates a lower triangular matrix from given parameters.
904	This function creates a linear operator for a diagonal scale matrix, handling both positive and non-positive diagonal parts and identity matrices.
905	This function calculates the batch and event shapes from given location and scale tensors.
906	Checks if the input is a diagonal scale matrix.
907	This function checks if a distribution is scalar and validates its reparameterization type.
908	This function pads the dimensions of a tensor `x` based on the batch shapes of `mixture_distribution` and `categorical_distribution`.
909	This function takes a boolean tensor `pred`, and two tensors `true_value` and `false_value`, and returns `true_value` if `pred` is `True`, otherwise `false_value`.
910	This function moves a dimension from one index to another in a tensor, handling negative indexing and special cases where the source and destination indices are equal.
911	Checks if a tensor is non-negative and integer.
912	Checks if two tensors have the same dynamic shape.
913	This function attempts to retrieve a static value from a TensorFlow tensor `x` and returns it as a NumPy array with the specified data type. If `x` is `None` or the data type is not specified, it returns `x` as is.
914	Checks if a dtype is known to be unsigned.
915	Checks if a dtype is known to be signed.
916	This function calculates the largest integer value based on the data type of a given numpy array.
917	Returns the smallest integer of the given data type.
918	Checks if a dtype is integer-like.
919	This function checks the shape of a categorical distribution parameter to ensure it meets certain criteria, such as being at least 2-dimensional and having a size that fits within the precision of the specified data type.
920	Calculates the number of unique combinations of counts given a total sum.
921	Transforms a tensor by rotating and transposing it.
922	This function takes a boolean condition and two tensors, returns the tensor corresponding to the condition.
923	This function broadcasts two tensor shapes statically or dynamically based on their static values.
924	Generates a new seed by hashing a combination of the input seed and salt, then truncating the result to 8 hexadecimal digits and converting it to an integer.
925	This function creates a tridiagonal matrix from three input vectors, prepending and appending zeros to each vector.
926	Returns the size of the specified axis of a tensor.
927	This function processes a quadrature grid and probabilities, converting them to tensors and normalizing the probabilities.
928	This function extracts and returns the arguments and their values from the current frame, excluding any *varargs or **kwargs.
929	Expands a tensor to a vector if it is not already one.
930	This function wraps a tensor with control dependencies and converts it to a tensor if it is not already one.
931	Validates the `rightmost_transposed_ndims` tensor to ensure it is an integer scalar and non-negative, raising appropriate errors if the conditions are not met.
932	This function validates a permutation vector and raises an error if it is not valid.
933	This method calculates the event shape of a tensor based on the given shape and a permutation.
934	Converts a tensor to a new tensor with concatenated shapes.
935	Convert a TensorFlow tensor shape to a list of dimension values.
936	Merges the shapes of two tensors.
937	Returns a tensor with the same shape as `x` but with rank at least `rank`.
938	Checks if the shapes of `static_shape` and `dynamic_shape` are equal, raising an error if they are not.
939	This function calculates the augmented sample shape based on the partial batch distribution and the full sample and batch shape, ensuring that the partial batch shape can be broadcast to the full sample and batch shape.
940	Run a single step of backward smoothing.
941	Computes backward Kalman gain and updates posterior mean and covariance.
942	This function implements a single step of Kalman filtering, updating the state based on the observation and transition models.
943	This function updates a linear Gaussian state model with a new observation.
944	Predicts the next state of a system using a Kalman filter.
945	This function calculates the mean of a Kalman filter step, given the previous means, transition matrix, transition noise, observation matrix, and observation noise.
946	This function calculates the covariance matrices for the latent state and observation at time `t` using the given transition and observation matrices and noises.
947	Sample values for a single timestep using Kalman filter.
948	Calculates the propagated mean by applying a linear operation and adding the mean of a distribution.
949	Calculates the covariance matrix for a linear operator and distance matrix.
950	Backward smoothing pass updates the posterior distributions using a transition matrix and scans over time.
951	This method generates a sequence of latent states and observations using a Kalman filter, starting from an initial state sampled from a prior distribution.
952	Computes smoothed means and covariances using forward and backward filtering.
953	This method computes the joint mean of latent and observation states over a sequence of time steps, handling the initial timestep separately and then scanning over subsequent timesteps.
954	This method computes the joint covariance matrices for a sequence of time steps using a Kalman filter.
955	This method converts latent variables to observations using a series of transformations and operations.
956	Calculates log normalization for a vMF distribution.
957	Calculates the mode by adding a zero tensor to the mean direction.
958	Rotates samples by a basis vector and subtracts twice the dot product of samples and the basis vector.
959	Generates a 3D sample from a von Mises-Fisher distribution using TensorFlow.
960	Copies a function by creating a new function object with the same code, globals, closure, etc.
961	Remove keys with a specific value from a dictionary.
962	Convert dictionary to pretty dictionary recursively.
963	This function generates samples from a distribution based on the provided parameters.
964	Checks if an object is a namedtuple-like by attempting to access its fields.
965	This function takes three tensors `is_accepted`, `accepted`, and `rejected`, and returns a tensor where `accepted` is used when `is_accepted` is `True`, and `rejected` is used otherwise.
966	This function takes two namedtuples, `accepted` and `rejected`, and returns a new namedtuple with the same fields, where each field is the result of applying the `choose` function to the corresponding fields of the input namedtuples.
967	Summarizes a function that safely computes the sum of a list of tensors, handling non-list inputs, empty inputs, and invalid tensor values.
968	Computes the value and gradients of a function using TensorFlow.
969	This function checks if the result and gradients are valid, and raises an error if they are not.
970	This function implements a smart for loop using TensorFlow, which can handle both eager execution and XLA (XLA JIT compilation) contexts. It iterates over a specified number of iterations, applying a given body function to each iteration. The loop is parallelized using the specified number of iterations.
971	This function `trace_scan` takes a loop function, initial state, elements, and a trace function, and returns the final state and a stacked trace array.
972	Transforms a setter to handle nested results.
973	Transforms a getter to handle nested results.
974	This function enables storing parameters in results by recursively recreating the kernel with updated parameters.
975	This function replaces the event shape in a shape tensor based on given input and output shapes, with optional validation.
976	This function takes an input tensor shape, an event shape in, and an event shape out, and returns a new tensor shape and a boolean indicating whether the operation was validated.
977	This function checks the validity of a tensor shape, ensuring it is either a single integer or a rank-1 tensor with at most one `-1` and positive integers.
978	`tf.reduce_any(converged) | tf.reduce_all(failed)`
979	This function computes the initial state arguments for a numerical optimization process, including convergence checks and iteration counts.
980	This function performs a line search step in a machine learning optimization algorithm, updating the state based on the search direction and the objective function.
981	Restricts a function along a given direction.
982	Updates the state with the new position, objective value, and gradient based on the convergence criteria.
983	Checks if the gradient, position, or objective function has converged based on specified tolerances.
984	Broadcasts a tensor to a target shape.
985	Calculates the harmonic number of a given tensor.
986	The function `default_exchange_proposed_fn` generates a random exchange proposal based on a given probability and the number of replicas.
987	Extracts a field from `kernel_results` or its `accepted_results` attribute.
988	This code defines a method `_get_exchanged_states` that computes the exchanged states for a Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) simulation. It takes several inputs including old states, proposed exchanges, sampled replica states, and sampled replica results. The method computes the target log probabilities for each replica, normalizes them, and then uses a while loop to propose and accept exchanges between replicas. The method returns the exchanged states as a TensorArray.
989	Calculates the variance scale term for a given concentration and total count.
990	Calculates the sum of forward log determinant Jacobians for a list of bijectors.
991	Transforms a list of transformed state parts using a list of bijectors.
992	Transforms a list of state parts using a list of bijectors.
993	Transforms the state using the inner kernel and then applies a forward transformation to produce the final state.
994	This function takes a condition, a true value, and a false value, and returns a tensor where the condition is true, otherwise it returns the false value.
995	The function `secant2` implements a secant method for finding a root of a function, using TensorFlow operations. It iteratively updates the search interval based on the function values and gradients, stopping when a sufficient decrease in the function value and a sufficient decrease in the curvature are met.
996	The function `_secant2_inner` updates the bracketing interval and checks for new `c` points based on the given conditions.
997	The method updates the bracketing interval for a secant method based on Wolfe conditions and applies an update function if active batch members remain.
998	Updates the interval based on the trial point's slope and value.
999	The code method implements a bracketing algorithm to find a minimum of a function within a given search interval. It uses a while loop to iteratively expand the interval until a minimum is bracketed or the maximum number of iterations is reached. The loop maintains the invariant that the bracketed condition is true if the right end point is a minimum or if the objective value is too high. If the bracketing is not yet complete, the loop expands the interval by a factor of `expansion_param` and updates the left and right end points accordingly. If the bracketing is still needed, the loop marks the entries as not yet stopped, resets the left end point, and runs a separate `_bisect` function on them.
1000	Bisects a range using a given function and parameters.
1001	This code implements a binary search algorithm to find a minimum value within a given interval, ensuring that the function values at the endpoints have opposite slopes.
1002	Determines if both `val_1` and `val_2` (if provided) are finite.
1003	Determines if a given point satisfies the Wolfe conditions for a minimization algorithm.
1004	Calculates the secant of two points.
1005	Updates step sizes using an adaptive MCMC procedure.
1006	This function implements the leapfrog integrator for Hamiltonian Monte Carlo (HMC) with per-variable step sizes. It updates the momentum and state based on the gradients of the target log probability function and returns the updated momentum, state, and target log probability.
1007	Computes the log acceptance correction for a Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) step.
1008	Updates step size based on previous results and returns next state and updated kernel results.
1009	Summarizes the `bootstrap_results` method in a concise manner.
1010	This function defines a Bayesian ResNet model with customizable parameters.
1011	This method defines a residual block in a neural network using TensorFlow and TensorFlow Probability, incorporating batch normalization, ReLU activation, and convolutional layers with Flipout for probabilistic modeling.
1012	This function creates an encoder model for topic modeling using TensorFlow, which takes a bag of words as input and outputs a Dirichlet distribution representing the posterior probabilities of topics.
1013	This function creates a decoder model for topic modeling, which takes a matrix of topics and returns a probability distribution over words.
1014	This function creates a Dirichlet prior distribution with a specified number of topics and an initial concentration value.
1015	This function simulates a Markov chain using a given transition kernel, tracing the results and returning the final kernel results if specified.
1016	This code defines a deep exponential family model with parameters `w2`, `w1`, `w0`, `z2`, `z1`, and `z0`, and outputs a Poisson distribution `x` based on these parameters.
1017	Creates a trainable positive deterministic distribution.
1018	This function creates a trainable Gamma distribution with customizable parameters.
1019	This function loads NIPS papers from a specified path, filters documents and words based on criteria, and returns a bag of words matrix and a list of words.
1020	Initializes parameters with validation.
1021	This function calculates the Kullback-Leibler divergence between two classes based on their inheritance hierarchy.
1022	Reads an image from a file and returns it as a float32 tensor.
1023	Downloads sprites from a specified URL and saves them to a directory.
1024	This function creates a character by blending different layers based on their opacity.
1025	This function creates a sequence of frames from a sprite based on given metadata, direction, and length.
1026	Generates a random sequence based on given parameters.
1027	This function creates a dataset of sprites by processing each character, action, direction, and channel.
1028	This method validates the input distributions, ensuring they are vector variates and have the same batch shapes.
1029	Flattens a list of kernel objects, recursively including nested kernel lists.
1030	Flattens a list of kernel objects, recursively including nested products.
1031	Builds fake data for training and testing.
1032	This function counts integers in an array, handling optional weights, minimum and maximum lengths, and axis reduction.
1033	This function takes a tensor `x` and a tensor `edges` as input, and returns a tensor of bin indices for `x` based on the edges. It handles edge cases such as extending the lower and upper intervals.
1034	This function computes a histogram of a given tensor `x` using specified edges and axis, with optional interval extension.
1035	Calculates quantiles of a tensor.
1036	This function checks the number of dimensions of a tensor `x` and raises a ValueError if it does not match the expected number of dimensions.
1037	Inserts dimensions at specified axes in a tensor.
1038	Transforms an axis into a non-negative list.
1039	Transforms dimensions of a tensor to the end based on specified axis and right-end flag.
1040	Sorts a tensor using TensorFlow's `tf.nn.top_k` function.
1041	This method constructs a list of state space models for each component in a system, processing them in canonical order.
1042	Calculates the Amari alpha function with optional self-normalization.
1043	Calculates the KL divergence between two distributions using the AMARI alpha function.
1044	Calculates the Jensen-Shannon divergence between two probability distributions.
1045	Calculates the Pearson correlation coefficient between a tensor and a constant.
1046	Calculates the squared Hellinger distance between two log-uniform distributions.
1047	Calculates the Pearson correlation coefficient divided by one plus the exponential of the logu value.
1048	Calculates the exponential of the product of two tensors, applying a normalization if specified.
1049	Calculates the exponential of the absolute value of a tensor.
1050	Calculates the exponential of the input tensor and multiplies it by the tensor itself.
1051	Computes the chi-square loss for a given log-likelihood.
1052	Calculates the dual of a Csiszar function for a given log-likelihood.
1053	Symmetrizes the CSISZAR function by averaging it with its dual.
1054	Calculates the Monte Carlo CSISZ-F divergence between a distribution and a log-probability function.
1055	This function computes the average and leave-out-max-sum of a tensor along a specified axis, handling edge cases where the maximum value is not unique.
1056	This function checks the number of dimensions of a tensor statically, raising an error if the number of dimensions does not match the expected values.
1057	This method performs batch gathering with broadcasting along specified axes in TensorFlow.
1058	This function broadcasts a categorical event and parameters to match their shapes.
1059	Calculates the expectation importance sampler logspace.
1060	Broadcasts `event` and `samples` to match the shape of `samples` after removing the last `event_ndims` dimensions.
1061	Optimizes a function using the BFGS algorithm with optional control inputs and stopping conditions.
1062	This method checks if the inverse Hessian is positive definite and symmetric, adding assertions to ensure these conditions are met.
1063	Updates the inverse Hessian based on gradient and position differences, only if not already converged or failed.
1064	Update the inverse Hessian estimate using the BFGS method.
1065	Computes the right multiplication of a matrix and a vector.
1066	Computes the tensor product of two tensors.
1067	Transposes a matrix by swapping the last two dimensions.
1068	This function pads the shape of a tensor to the right with ones.
1069	Summarizes the function `sum_rightmost_ndims_preserving_shape` by converting the input tensor to a tensor, determining the axes to sum over based on the number of dimensions to preserve, and then reducing the tensor along those axes.
1070	Calculates the square root of a tensor with finite gradients.
1071	Returns the common dtype of a list of tensors, or `None` if all tensors are `None`.
1072	Optimizes a function using the BFGS algorithm with optional initial inverse Hessian estimate and stopping conditions.
1073	Initialize BFGS optimizer with initial state, gradients, and queue.
1074	This function implements the L-BFGS two-loop algorithm, which updates the search direction based on the gradients and position deltas collected so far.
1075	Creates a zero tensor of shape determined by the input parameters.
1076	Updates the queue with new vectors based on a boolean mask.
1077	Checks if a matrix is positive semi-definite using TensorFlow's eigenvalues.
1078	Determinant check for PSD matrices.
1079	Generates a symmetric correlation matrix with specified dimensions and properties.
1080	Generates a rejection sampler for correlation matrices with specified bounds and dimensions.
1081	This function calculates the Clopper-Pearson confidence interval for a given set of samples and error rate.
1082	This function computes true volumes of correlation matrices with determinants greater than or equal to a specified threshold using rejection sampling and confidence intervals.
1083	This function calculates the von Mises cumulative distribution function (CDF) using a series expansion and returns the CDF and its derivative with respect to concentration.
1084	This function calculates the cumulative distribution function (CDF) of a von Mises distribution using a normal approximation.
1085	This function performs a genetic algorithm step, updating a population of solutions based on differential evolution and binary crossover.
1086	This function performs a differential evolution optimization process, returning the best position and objective value found.
1087	This function initializes a population for a genetic algorithm, converting inputs to tensors and setting up parameters.
1088	This function finds the best value in a population and returns the corresponding population part and the best value.
1089	This function checks if the population has converged based on both function and position tolerances.
1090	Constructs a population by adding normal noise to the initial position.
1091	This function performs binary crossover on a population of individuals, incorporating mutations and force-crossover groups.
1092	This function generates mutant parts of a population based on mixing indices and differential weights.
1093	Generates mixing indices for a given size, ensuring no overlap or coincidences.
1094	Convert tensor or list to list if it's not already.
1095	Convert `tol` to a tensor with the specified dtype and validate it if `validate_args` is True.
1096	Soft thresholding function with TensorFlow.
1097	Clips tensor `t` between `clip_value_min` and `clip_value_max`, preserving gradients.
1098	Builds a TensorFlow dataset from training images, shuffles, repeats, and batches them.
1099	Generates a grid of images and saves them as a PNG file.
1100	Converts a list of production rules into a string representation.
1101	This method generates a sequence of productions from a grammar using a recurrent neural network.
1102	This method encodes input data into a latent space using a neural network and returns a multivariate normal distribution representing the posterior distribution of the latent code.
1103	Computes the hat integral of a given input tensor.
1104	Computes the inverse of the hat function integral.
1105	Calculates the rank of a matrix using singular value decomposition and a tolerance.
1106	Calculates the pseudo-inverse of a matrix using singular value decomposition and saturates small singular values to infinity.
1107	Solves a lower-upper triangular system using TensorFlow.
1108	This function computes the inverse of a lower-upper triangular matrix using TensorFlow.
1109	This function checks the dimensions and rank of the input tensors `lower_upper` and `perm` to ensure they meet certain conditions for a specific operation.
1110	This function checks the dimensions of the input matrices and raises a ValueError if they are not as expected.
1111	Constructs a block-diagonal matrix from a sparse tensor.
1112	This function validates the input matrix `a` to ensure it is a floating-point tensor with at least 2 dimensions.
1113	Computes the negative log likelihood and FIM for a given model matrix, linear response, response, and model.
1114	This function fits a sparse model using a proximal Hessian minimization algorithm.
1115	Generates a list of slices for a given number of blocks, input dimensions, and mask type.
1116	Generates a mask for a convolutional layer with specified number of blocks, input and output dimensions, and mask type.
1117	This function creates a masked dense layer in TensorFlow, which applies a dense layer followed by a mask to the input.
1118	Generates an array of integers based on the specified input order.
1119	Generates degrees for a neural network layer based on input size, hidden units, and order.
1120	Creates masks for input-output and hidden-output relationships.
1121	This function creates a masked initializer by applying a mask to an initializer.
1122	This method initializes an autoregressive layer with masks and a neural network.
1123	This method processes input data through a neural network and reshapes the output to match the input shape.
1124	Draws a multinomial sample from logits and num_trials.
1125	Creates a zero-dimensional multivariate normal distribution with a diagonal covariance matrix.
1126	Generates a noise function for a timeseries observation.
1127	Calculates weights based on global and local scales.
1128	This function calculates the depth of each node in a graph using a recursive approach.
1129	This function recursively explores a graph to find the best order of nodes to visit, considering their dependencies.
1130	This function takes a dictionary of named makers, converts it to a dictionary of required arguments, orders them, and then creates a tuple of functions based on the ordered dictionary.
1131	Builds a joint distribution from a model.
1132	The method calculates the variational loss for a Gaussian process model, which is a negative ELBO composed of likelihood, trace, and KL divergence terms.
1133	Optimizes variational posterior using kernel, inducing points, observation points, observations, and noise variance.
1134	Determines if a given time is the last day of a season based on the number of steps per season.
1135	Builds a matrix to convert effects into residuals, with the mean effect set to zero.
1136	Builds a transition matrix for a seasonal state space model.
1137	This function generates a multivariate normal distribution for seasonal transition noise based on the given drift scale and the condition of whether the current season has just ended.
1138	Transforms noise covariance to constrained-residual representation.
1139	Checks if observation data is empty based on input locations and observations.
1140	Checks if observation index points and observations broadcast.
1141	Adds a scheduler to the BigDL model.
1142	Sets a checkpoint in the specified path with the given trigger and overwrite flag.
1143	Sets the gradient clipping constant for the model.
1144	Optimizes a model using Java and returns a new layer.
1145	Sets the training summary for the model.
1146	Sets the value summary for the model.
1147	This function creates an optimizer for a machine learning model based on the type of training data provided.
1148	Sets training data in the model.
1149	Sets the summary trigger for the specified name.
1150	Reads and returns training or test images and labels from specified directories.
1151	This function downloads news articles from a specified directory, reads them, and returns a list of text samples along with their corresponding labels.
1152	This function downloads and loads GloVe word embeddings from a specified directory, converting them into a dictionary where keys are words and values are their corresponding vectors.
1153	Compiles the model with the specified optimizer, loss function, and metrics.
1154	Fits the model on the provided data, handling distributed training and validation data.
1155	Evaluates data using BigDL, handling both numpy arrays and RDDs.
1156	Predicts data based on input type and distributed setting.
1157	This method reads MNIST data, converts it to a Spark RDD, and returns a zipped RDD of images and labels.
1158	Preprocesses MNIST data using normalization and converts to `Sample` objects.
1159	Returns the end trigger based on the type and number provided.
1160	Sets validation and checkpoint configurations for the optimizer.
1161	Loads value from file if not already set.
1162	This function checks if a method exists in a Java object and calls it if it does, otherwise raises an exception.
1163	This function calls a Java function with Python arguments, converts them to Java objects, executes the function, and then converts the result back to Python.
1164	Convert RDD to Java object using BigDL serializer.
1165	Converts Python objects to Java objects for Spark BigDL.
1166	This function takes an activation name and an optional ID, returns the corresponding activation layer from the BigDL library, and optionally sets a name for the layer.
1167	Convert a NumPy array to a BigDL tensor.
1168	Extracts image features to a label tensor using BigDL and converts it to a NumPy array.
1169	Reads a Parquet file into a DistributedImageFrame.
1170	Writes a Parquet file using BigDL.
1171	Returns the image frame's image with the specified float key and channel order.
1172	Converts an image frame to a tensor and returns a list of tensors.
1173	Convert a distributed image frame to a label tensor RDD.
1174	Transforms a list of predictions into a list of tuples, where each tuple contains the first element of the prediction and the second element converted to a NumPy array if available.
1175	The method `predict` checks for batch size and verbose parameters and raises an exception if they are provided. It then checks if the input is a NumPy array or an RDD and processes it accordingly. If the input is a NumPy array, it converts it to a sample RDD and predicts using the model. If the input is an RDD, it directly predicts using the model. If the input is neither a NumPy array nor an RDD, it raises an exception.
1176	Optimize the model with the specified parameters.
1177	Transforms a dataset using BigDL.
1178	Saves a Keras model to a JSON file.
1179	Builds a Keras model with convolutional layers, activation functions, pooling, dropout, and dense layers.
1180	Predicts class labels for a distributed dataset using a specified model.
1181	Sets weights in the model.
1182	This method retrieves weights from a neural network layer using a specified function and converts them to NumPy arrays.
1183	Saves a TensorFlow model to a file.
1184	Trains or evaluates the model based on the `is_training` flag.
1185	Loads a PyTorch model from a specified path.
1186	This function loads a Keras model from a JSON or HDF5 file, optionally by name.
1187	Creates a criterion object with specified parameters.
1188	Loads weights from a JSON file and an HDF5 file into a model.
1189	Loads and preprocesses the IMDb movie review dataset.
1190	Build a Keras model with an embedding layer, dropout, convolutional layer, max pooling layer, LSTM layer, and a dense layer.
1191	Returns the shape of the input data.
1192	Calculates the output shape of a model using a bigDL function and processes it.
1193	This function reads MNIST data and returns the training data and labels.
1194	Extracts and parses movie ratings from a zip file.
1195	This function retrieves the BigDL classpath from the environment variable or constructs it from a specified directory.
1196	Checks if Spark version is below 2.2.
1197	This function reads a TensorFlow checkpoint and returns a dictionary of tensors.
1198	Saves a dictionary of tensors to a file using BigDL.
1199	Expands a tensor along a specified axis by repeating it.
1200	This function precomputes future symbols for a trie data structure, handling both terminal and non-terminal nodes, and optionally allowing spaces in the start state.
1201	Computes a simple attention mechanism on a sequence of memory vectors.
1202	Computes attention weights and context vector from input and state.
1203	Calculates BLEU score for translations against references.
1204	This method creates a log file in a specified directory based on the agent's name and timestamp.
1205	Logs messages to a file based on their type and direction.
1206	Summarizes gradient updates by calculating and summarizing the norm of updated parameters.
1207	This function loads weights from a TensorFlow checkpoint and saves them to an HDF5 file.
1208	Reads data based on a configuration dictionary.
1209	Trains and evaluates a model from a configuration, handling recursive training and evaluation targets.
1210	This function processes a request from an agent, extracts relevant data, and generates a response based on the agent's response.
1211	Convert a list of labels to one-hot encoded format.
1212	Convert probability to one-hot encoding.
1213	Configures TensorFlow session with GPU growth and visible device.
1214	Loads model from specified path.
1215	Returns the momentum variable from the optimizer if available, otherwise returns None.
1216	Updates learning rate and momentum variables in the graph.
1217	Calculates F1 score for macro averaging.
1218	Processes a word, converting it to lowercase if specified, and appending "ALL_UPPER", "FIRST_UPPER", or "HTTP" based on its case and content.
1219	This function creates a stacked 1D convolutional neural network with specified parameters.
1220	This function creates a bidirectional recurrent neural network (Bi-RNN) with specified cell type, number of hidden units, and optional peepholes. It initializes the RNN states and returns the forward and backward RNN outputs along with the initial states.
1221	This function creates a stacked bidirectional RNN layer with specified units, hidden sizes, cell type, sequence lengths, and peepholes. It returns the concatenated forward and backward RNN outputs and the concatenated cell and hidden states.
1222	This function creates a stacked highway neural network with specified parameters.
1223	This function creates an embedding layer for a given set of token indices and token embedding matrix.
1224	This function creates a CUDNN GRU layer with specified parameters and returns the last layer state.
1225	This function initializes a multi-layer GRU cell using TensorFlow's CudnnCompatibleGRUCell and applies dynamic RNN to process input sequences. It returns the final hidden states and the last state of each layer.
1226	This function initializes a Cudnn LSTM layer with specified parameters and returns the output and last hidden state.
1227	This function initializes a multi-layer LSTM cell using TensorFlow's CudnnCompatibleLSTMCell and returns the last hidden and cell states.
1228	This function creates a bidirectional GRU layer using TensorFlow's CUDNN implementation, taking in parameters such as units, number of hidden units, sequence lengths, number of layers, and whether to use trainable initial states. It returns the forward and backward hidden states and their last states.
1229	This function creates a bidirectional LSTM model using TensorFlow's CUDNN implementation, taking in parameters such as units, number of hidden layers, sequence lengths, and training options. It returns the forward and backward hidden states and their last states.
1230	This function defines a CUDNN stacked bidirectional GRU layer with optional dropout and concatenation of stacked outputs.
1231	Generates a dropout mask for variational dropout.
1232	Builds a model with word inputs, word embeddings, and a basic network. Compiles the model with specified optimizer, loss, and metrics.
1233	Build a character-level CNN model with highway layers.
1234	Builds a basic LSTM network with dropout and bidirectional layers.
1235	Trains the model on a batch of data.
1236	This method predicts labels for a batch of data using a model and returns the predicted labels as a list of strings.
1237	Transforms a sentence into a vector representation using predefined tags and symbols.
1238	Convert tags to indices using a dictionary and store in a numpy array.
1239	Calculates BLEU score with advanced features.
1240	Verifies if a URL is for an S3 API endpoint using HTTPS.
1241	Extracts X509 certificates from a string using regular expressions.
1242	Verifies the validity of an Amazon certificate chain against a set of CA certificates.
1243	Verifies the signature of an Amazon certificate against a request body using SHA-1.
1244	Verifies Amazon signature chain URL, certificate, and chain.
1245	Convert list of controls to JSON format.
1246	Convert list of controls to their respective bot frameworks.
1247	Convert list of control objects to their telegram methods.
1248	Convert list of control objects to Alexa control outputs.
1249	Populates default settings directory if not already present.
1250	Wraps a function with a context manager to set the default graph.
1251	Wraps a function to run it within a specified TensorFlow graph and session.
1252	Calculates the accuracy of predictions against true labels.
1253	Calculates the accuracy of predictions by comparing them to the true values.
1254	This function initializes weights for a neural network model from a checkpoint file, handling different types of embeddings and LSTM cells.
1255	Read data from a specified path.
1256	Creates a default agent with three skills: `skill_hello`, `skill_bye`, and `skill_fallback`.
1257	Convert integer to one-hot encoding.
1258	Converts a list of tuples with string keys and float values to an OrderedDict with rounded values.
1259	Copies JSON files from a default settings directory to a specified directory, skipping existing files unless forced.
1260	Restores TensorFlow model from specified path excluding optimizer variables.
1261	Saves the TensorFlow model to a specified path.
1262	This method defines a training operation for a neural network model, computing gradients, clipping them if specified, and applying them to update the model's parameters.
1263	Searches for a word in a trie with optional spaces and cost calculation.
1264	This method initializes the `operation_costs` dictionary with default costs for each character in the alphabet and spaces, and then adds transpositions and spaces as specified.
1265	Starts a timer with the specified lifetime and callback function.
1266	Handles incoming requests, logs them, and dispatches them to appropriate handlers based on their type.
1267	Processes an utterance and returns an agent response based on the stateful flag.
1268	Generates a response by copying the template and updating session attributes.
1269	This method handles an intent request, checks for correct intent and slot names, generates an agent response, and returns the response or an error message.
1270	Handles the launch of the session by setting up the response with a simple card and output speech.
1271	Handles unsupported requests by generating a response with a simple card and text output.
1272	Prints a pretty representation of the object.
1273	Calculates the perplexity from a list of losses.
1274	Builds a Chainer model from a configuration, handling serialization, downloading, and component loading.
1275	Interacts with a model by taking user inputs, processing them, and printing the results.
1276	This function reads data from a file or standard input, processes it using a Chainer model, and prints the results.
1277	Reads an input file, processes each line, and returns a list of tuples containing word and tag lists.
1278	Convert a string to a callable function.
1279	Registers a function as a metric with a given name.
1280	Returns a callable metric function based on the given name.
1281	Convert string to uppercase, replace '1' with 'one', and return corresponding decay type if found, otherwise raise NotImplementedError.
1282	Identifies the best value based on loss and value constraints.
1283	Encodes tokens into embeddings, handling missing words by averaging vectors.
1284	Read requirements from a file and return a dictionary with install_requires and dependency_links.
1285	Calculates the log loss for binary classification.
1286	Exports a TensorFlow model to a Hub directory.
1287	Convert dictionary items to formatted strings.
1288	Creates an EcommerceAgent with a skill loaded from a configuration file.
1289	Runs the MS Bot Framework server with the specified agent generator, app ID, app secret, and stateful mode.
1290	Downloads files from a URL to a specified destination, handling caching and creating necessary directories.
1291	Unzips a file to a specified folder.
1292	Downloads, decompresses, and extracts files from a given URL to a specified path.
1293	Updates a dictionary recursively with values from another dictionary.
1294	Convert URL to MD5 hash.
1295	Modifies a URL by setting a query parameter.
1296	Convert content to response object.
1297	Convert object attributes to JSON dictionary.
1298	Creates a dictionary with a postback action for a bot framework.
1299	Convert text and controls to JSON and return the result.
1300	Convert content to rich card, add title if available, and return message activity.
1301	Calculates F1 score for a list of predictions against ground truth.
1302	Calculates the recall at k for a list of predicted probabilities.
1303	Checks if a GPU is available.
1304	Converts string, list, or dictionary items to formatted strings using provided variables.
1305	Convert config to JSON, set environment variables, parse properties.
1306	Expands a path to its absolute form.
1307	This function initializes a component from parameters, handling references and configurations.
1308	Runs a loop, getting requests from an input queue, handling them, and putting responses back into an output queue.
1309	Deletes a conversation from the dictionary based on the provided key.
1310	Refresh valid certificates every REFRESH_VALID_CERTS_PERIOD_SECS seconds, remove expired certificates from the dictionary, log the expiration of each certificate.
1311	Verifies a request signature against a certificate chain.
1312	This method handles an Alexa request by verifying the request's signature and timestamp, creating a conversation if necessary, and processing the request.
1313	Convert a string to a class type.
1314	Registers a class in a registry with an optional name.
1315	This function retrieves a model class from a registry based on the provided name.
1316	This function retrieves and returns the regularization path for a given GLM model, including coefficients, explained deviance, and standard deviations.
1317	Creates a GLM model using H2O API.
1318	Convert a dictionary of key-value pairs into an H2OCluster object.
1319	Shuts down the H2O instance if confirmed by user.
1320	Checks if the H2O server is running.
1321	This method updates and displays the status of a H2O cluster, including details about nodes, cluster uptime, and API extensions.
1322	This method retrieves job information from a H2O API and formats it into a table.
1323	Returns a H2OFrame containing a list of all available timezones.
1324	Sets properties and retrieved_at to other's values, then clears other's properties and retrieved_at.
1325	This method retrieves and processes metalearner parameters from a dictionary, handling single parameter cases by extracting the value.
1326	Stabilizes a test function by retrying it with a delay until it passes or a timeout occurs.
1327	This method sends a JSON request to summarize a column in a specified H2O frame.
1328	Deletes a frame from the system with the specified key. If the frame is not found and `ignoreMissingKey` is `False`, raises a `ValueError`.
1329	This method builds a model using H2O, handling optional parameters and making a JSON request to a specified endpoint.
1330	Validates model parameters, builds model, and sends request to REST API.
1331	This method computes model metrics for a given model and frame, handling errors and logging the results.
1332	This method performs a JSON request to the '/3/ModelMetrics.json' endpoint with a timeout of 60 seconds, checks for sandbox errors, and returns the result.
1333	Deletes a model from the API with optional timeout and verbose output.
1334	This method generates a tabulated summary of data from a given dictionary, handling both numeric and categorical data types, and optionally includes rollup statistics.
1335	Runs instances with specified parameters and waits for them to start.
1336	Terminates specified EC2 instances in the given region.
1337	Stops specified EC2 instances in the given region.
1338	Starts instances in the specified region.
1339	Reboots specified EC2 instances in the given region.
1340	The function `wait_for_ssh` waits for SSH connections on a list of IP addresses, with optional parameters for port, skipping alive checks, and required success count. It logs the process and checks for SSH connectivity until the required number of successful connections is reached.
1341	Returns the full name of a function, including its module and class name.
1342	Search for a function in a code object by recursively traversing the local and global scopes.
1343	Convert function signature to string with optional highlighting
1344	Wraps text to a specified width with optional indentation.
1345	Joins a model from H2O, setting `_future` to `False`, polling the job, retrieving the destination key, setting `_job` to `None`, fetching model JSON, and resolving the model.
1346	Trains a model with specified parameters.
1347	This method fits a model on the provided data, handling warnings if not used within the sklearn framework.
1348	Convert nested H2OEstimator parameters to a flat dictionary.
1349	Handles a signal by terminating the runner.
1350	This function wipes the output directory by removing it if it exists.
1351	Removes a directory named "Rsandbox" from a specified parent directory using the appropriate command based on the operating system.
1352	Scrape port from stdout and handle retries.
1353	Scrape cloud size from stdout with retries.
1354	Kills JVM with PID if process ID is greater than 0.
1355	Stops all nodes in the system.
1356	Returns the IP address of the first client node if available, otherwise the first node.
1357	Returns the port of the first client node if available, otherwise the first node.
1358	This method calculates the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve for a model, returning the false positive rates (fprs) and true positive rates (tprs) for each class.
1359	Determine the size of a vector in a pre-trained model by checking the first column and ensuring it is a string.
1360	Calculates the mean absolute error of predictions.
1361	Calculates the mean squared error of predictions.
1362	Calculates the median absolute error between actual and predicted values.
1363	Calculates the Explained Variance Score for a regression model.
1364	This function checks if a variable matches any of the specified types and raises an error if it does not.
1365	The method `assert_matches` checks if a given value `v` matches a regular expression `regex`. If not, it retrieves the first argument from a list of arguments, constructs an error message, and raises a `H2OValueError` with the error message, variable name, and skipping frames.
1366	`assert_satisfies` checks if a value `v` satisfies a condition `cond`, raising an error with a custom message if it does not.
1367	Extracts and parses assert arguments from a Python file.
1368	This function checks the type of a variable against a specified type or type name, handling various data structures like lists, tuples, dictionaries, and functions.
1369	Converts a Python type to a string representation.
1370	The function `_get_lambda_source_code` takes a lambda function and a source code string as input, extracts the source code of the lambda function, and returns it.
1371	Checks if the variable is not of any type in the list.
1372	Checks if the input variable is a string and returns the result of checking if it is in the list of constants.
1373	Retrieves and returns the configuration object.
1374	Reads configuration files, parses them, and stores valid key-value pairs in a dictionary.
1375	Search for `.h2oconfig` in the current directory and all parent directories, yielding absolute paths. Also check if `.h2oconfig` exists in the user's directory.
1376	Executes a progress bar with a given function, updating the progress and rendering the widget accordingly.
1377	Store model progress, clamp value, append to data, calculate next poll interval.
1378	This method recalculates model parameters based on the progress completion time and current progress.
1379	Estimates the completion time based on raw progress data.
1380	Calculates the next poll interval based on time elapsed and real progress.
1381	Computes the progress at time `t` using the given parameters.
1382	This method calculates the time required to reach a target progress using a linear speed.
1383	Draws text to the console, handling line breaks and clearing the line if not in file mode.
1384	This method computes widget sizes for a given set of widgets, handling flexible widgets and adjusting the layout based on available space.
1385	This function determines the terminal size by trying various methods to get the width, falling back to the environment variable `COLUMNS` if none are available.
1386	Sets encoding for bar ends and symbols based on provided encoding.
1387	Fits the encoding map for a given frame and response column.
1388	This function retrieves a frame from a cache with specified parameters.
1389	Flush cache and fill frame.
1390	This method checks if a column exists in the frame and returns its type if it does.
1391	Convert DataFrame columns to specified types.
1392	Summarizes H2OFrame initialization and display.
1393	Summarizes frame details and optionally chunk/distribution summaries.
1394	This method creates a new DataFrame by slicing the original DataFrame based on the specified number of rows and columns, and returns the sliced DataFrame.
1395	This method multiplies a matrix with the current frame, raising an error if the matrices are not compatible.
1396	Transforms a DataFrame into a list of lists, removing empty strings.
1397	Returns the number of levels in the tree.
1398	Sets the level of the H2OFrame.
1399	Sets the domain of the H2OFrame.
1400	This method renames columns in a DataFrame based on a dictionary of new names.
1401	Updates column names in the object.
1402	Sets the name of a column in an H2O frame.
1403	Checks if an item is in the frame, considering specific conditions for string and enum types.
1404	Modulo k-fold column method returns a H2OFrame after applying modulo k-fold column operation.
1405	Generates a stratified k-fold cross-validation frame from the input H2OFrame.
1406	Summarizes a DataFrame, prints dimensions, and lists factors or numeric columns.
1407	Convert data to a pandas DataFrame if possible.
1408	Removes the i-th column from the H2OFrame.
1409	Quantile calculation method for H2OFrame with optional probability distribution, combine method, and weights column.
1410	Concatenates a list of data frames along a specified axis.
1411	Combines multiple H2OFrames into a single H2OFrame.
1412	Combines multiple H2OFrame objects into a single H2OFrame.
1413	This method splits a frame into multiple smaller frames based on given ratios and destination frames.
1414	Creates a new `GroupBy` object based on the specified `by` parameter.
1415	Fills missing values in a H2OFrame using the specified method and axis.
1416	Imputes missing values in a H2O frame using specified methods and parameters.
1417	Merges two H2OFrames based on specified columns, handling common names and column indices.
1418	Transforms a column into a categorical variable.
1419	Inserts missing values in a dataset using H2O's MissingInserter API.
1420	Calculates variance of a H2OFrame, handling optional parameters like `y`, `na_rm`, and `use`.
1421	Calculates the correlation matrix of the current H2OFrame with an optional y frame and na_rm flag.
1422	Calculates the distance between two H2OFrame objects using the specified measure.
1423	Convert column types to factor in H2OFrame.
1424	Splits a string column into multiple columns based on a pattern.
1425	Counts the number of matches in a pattern within a H2OFrame.
1426	Subtracts a substring from a H2OFrame.
1427	Removes leading whitespace from the string.
1428	Calculates entropy of the data frame.
1429	Calculates the number of valid substrings in a given H2OFrame.
1430	Convert data to H2OFrame table.
1431	This method computes a histogram of a H2OFrame, optionally plotting it.
1432	Checks if the number of words and maximum cardinality are greater than 0.
1433	`sub` method replaces the first occurrence of a pattern in a string with a replacement.
1434	Convert the current frame to uppercase.
1435	`grep` method returns a new `H2OFrame` containing rows where the specified pattern is found in the data.
1436	Removes NA values from a H2OFrame.
1437	This method checks if the input frame has more than one column and if the first column is numeric, raising an error if either condition is not met.
1438	Checks if each element in the H2OFrame is NA.
1439	Convert a timestamp to minutes.
1440	Generates a random number frame using H2O.
1441	Stratified split of the H2OFrame.
1442	Transforms a numeric column into categorical labels using specified breaks and labels.
1443	Returns the index of the maximum value in the H2OFrame.
1444	Applies a function to each element of a H2OFrame along a specified axis.
1445	The function `parse_text` takes a string `text` as input, splits it into lines, and returns a list of tokens generated by tokenizing each line.
1446	Parses a file into a code object.
1447	Updates the start and end row and column based on the given direction.
1448	Convert tokens to a string representation.
1449	This method calculates the size of metrics for a model based on the provided parameters.
1450	Convert JSON output to list of lists
1451	Convert output centers_std from cell values to lists, transpose, and return.
1452	Connects to an H2O server with specified parameters.
1453	`api` method in H2OConnection class performs a request to an API endpoint with optional parameters.
1454	Verifies H2O version against Python package version, raises errors if mismatch, and prints warning if cluster version is too old.
1455	Lazy imports from a list of paths with an optional pattern.
1456	Uploads a file to an H2OFrame with specified parameters.
1457	This function imports a file into an H2OFrame, handling various parameters such as path, destination frame, parsing, header, separator, column names, column types, NA strings, skipped columns, and custom non-data line markers.
1458	Imports a Hive table into H2O.
1459	Imports a SQL table into H2O using the provided parameters.
1460	Imports SQL data into H2O and returns the resulting frame.
1461	This function parses a raw setup into an H2OFrame, handling optional parameters like destination frame and header checking.
1462	Creates a deep copy of a H2OFrame with a specified ID.
1463	This function dynamically creates and returns an H2O model based on the specified algorithm type from a JSON response.
1464	This function retrieves a grid search object from an API, resolves the grid, and sets hyperparameters based on the first model in the grid.
1465	`get_frame` retrieves a frame from H2O with the specified ID.
1466	Downloads a POJO from H2O and optionally saves it to a specified path.
1467	Download a CSV file from H2O using the provided data frame ID and save it to the specified filename.
1468	Downloads all logs from a specified URL and saves them to a directory.
1469	Exports a H2OFrame to a file.
1470	Convert H2OFrame to a list.
1471	This function checks if a demo function exists in the `h2odemo` module and calls it with the specified parameters.
1472	This function attempts to load a dataset from a specified relative path, checking multiple possible locations and raising an error if the file is not found.
1473	This function calculates model metrics for predictions and actual values, handling domain and distribution parameters.
1474	This method takes a file path and optional destination key and overwrite flag, sends a POST request to the API endpoint, and returns the destination key from the response.
1475	Uploads a custom metric function to H2O, generating a Java wrapper class and saving it to a JAR file.
1476	This function checks if a given frame ID is valid according to specific rules. It raises an error if the frame ID is `None`, empty, starts with a number, or contains illegal characters.
1477	Converts bytes to human-readable format.
1478	Normalizes a slice object by adjusting its start, stop, and step values based on the total length.
1479	Checks if a slice is normalized.
1480	This function takes a pandas DataFrame, a Mojo zip path, and optional parameters for classpath, Java options, and verbosity, and returns a pandas DataFrame containing predictions made by a Mojo model.
1481	This function takes input CSV, MOJO zip, and optional output CSV, genmodel JAR, classpath, and Java options, constructs a command to invoke Java, and executes it to predict using H2O.
1482	Decorates a function with a warning message indicating its deprecation.
1483	Joins a job and sets `_future` to `False`.
1484	Generates a dictionary mapping model IDs to their deep features for a given test data and layer.
1485	Summarizes model summaries for each model in a grid, optionally printing a header.
1486	Summarizes hyperparameter combinations and prints a table of model metrics.
1487	This method retrieves hyperparameters for a given model ID, handling cross-validation and displaying them.
1488	This method retrieves hyperparameters for a given model ID, handling cross-validation and displaying them.
1489	This method retrieves a grid of models from a specified ID, optionally sorting and reversing the order, and returns the grid object.
1490	This method computes the F1 score for each model in a list, optionally for training, validation, or cross-validation.
1491	Convert model importance to DataFrame if available, otherwise print warning.
1492	This method predicts project archetypes using H2O, handling optional reverse transformation and validating input data.
1493	Summarize the screeplot method in one line.
1494	Converts a name with underscores to title case.
1495	Dedents the given text by the specified number of spaces.
1496	This function reads a Java log file, extracts timing data, and stores it in a dictionary.
1497	Extracts Java runtime log from a given file.
1498	Closes the H2O session by sending a DELETE request and handling exceptions.
1499	Generates a session ID from a POST request to a specific endpoint.
1500	Start logging API requests to a file.
1501	Convert data to a dictionary with stringified values for None, lists, and dictionaries.
1502	This function takes a filename as input, checks if the file exists, and returns a dictionary with the file's name as the key and the file object as the value.
1503	Logs the start of a transaction with details about the endpoint, parameters, body, JSON, and files.
1504	Logs the end of a transaction with elapsed time and response details.
1505	Logs message to a file if destination is a string, otherwise writes to the destination directly.
1506	This function processes a response from a server, saving it to a specified location, handling different HTTP status codes, and decoding JSON responses.
1507	Prints a message with optional verbosity and formatting.
1508	This function retrieves and processes an AutoML model leaderboard from a specified H2O project, returning the project name, leader model, and leaderboard as an H2OFrame.
1509	Downloads a POJO from a specified path.
1510	Download a model from a specified path.
1511	Fits the model with specified parameters, handling centering and scaling.
1512	Transforms data by scaling it using the means and standard deviations stored in the object's `means` and `stds` attributes.
1513	Transforms data by subtracting the mean and dividing by the standard deviation.
1514	Extracts the substring after the first occurrence of '[0m' in the input string.
1515	This function searches for a specific node name in each line of input, extracts the node name, and stores it in a dictionary. It then removes the function from the list of functions.
1516	This function updates a dictionary with Git hash and branch information from each line of input, removing the function from the list.
1517	Identifies build timeout and updates failure information.
1518	This function checks if a build failure message is present in each line of a list, updating global variables and removing the function from the list if a failure is found.
1519	This function updates the Jenkins URL based on the build ID found in each line of input.
1520	Extracts job build URL from a given URL string.
1521	This function reads a file containing Java messages, categorizes them into different types, and stores them in lists. It handles both standard and non-standard output, categorizing them into different types and storing them in lists.
1522	This function saves test results to files based on build ID and writes messages to log files.
1523	Updates summary files with failed and passed test results.
1524	Writes the content of a file to another file.
1525	Writes Java message details to a file.
1526	Loads Java messages to ignore from a pickle file if it exists, otherwise initializes an empty list.
1527	Converts a string to a normalized enum constant.
1528	This method retrieves synonyms for a given word from a Word2Vec model and returns them sorted by their scores in descending order.
1529	This method polls a job until it is done, handling verbose progress updates and error handling.
1530	This method generates a Java file for a specified POJO class, optionally saving it to a specified path and downloading a H2O model JAR file if the path is not empty.
1531	Fits a model using a list of steps and a frame, returning the resulting H2OFrame.
1532	Calculates the percentile of a sorted list using interpolation methods.
1533	Creates a dictionary with default values for parameters.
1534	This method extracts actual values from parameters based on predefined keys.
1535	This method creates a deep feature job for a given test data frame and layer, polls the job, and returns the resulting frame.
1536	Returns the scoring history as a DataFrame if available, otherwise prints a message indicating no history.
1537	Summarize the code method to show model details and training metrics.
1538	This method calculates and returns the variable importances for a given model, either as a pandas DataFrame or a list of tuples, based on the specified algorithm and whether to use pandas for data manipulation.
1539	Calculates the residual degrees of freedom for the model.
1540	Extracts coefficients from a JSON table.
1541	Downloads a POJO from a specified path with optional generation of a genmodel JAR.
1542	Downloads a MOJO model from H2O and saves it to the specified path.
1543	Saves model details to a specified path with optional force flag.
1544	Check if the lengths of `y_actual` and `y_predicted` are equal. If not, raise a `ValueError` with a descriptive message.
1545	This method returns a list of H2O models from a JSON configuration.
1546	Summarize the code method in one line: Demonstrates H2O's Gradient Boosting estimator for binary classification.
1547	This code defines a function `deeplearning` that performs a deep learning demo using H2O, including data loading, preprocessing, model training, prediction, and performance evaluation.
1548	Summarize the code method in one line: Demonstrates H2O's Generalized Linear Estimator for binary classification.
1549	This function waits for a key press and returns the pressed key.
1550	Convert a list of lists into a pandas DataFrame.
1551	Summarize the code method to display a table with optional header and description, truncating the table if it has more than 20 rows.
1552	Starts a local H2O server with specified parameters.
1553	Searches for `h2o.jar` in specified paths, raising an error if not found.
1554	This function searches for the H2O JAR file in various locations based on the environment variable and the current working directory.
1555	Calculates the hit ratio table for the model.
1556	This function creates a dictionary writer for a CSV file, allowing for easy writing of dictionaries to a CSV file.
1557	Convert a URI to a path by replacing dots with slashes and removing the package name, then check for Python files or initialization files.
1558	Convert directory path to URI by replacing root path with package name, removing leading separator, and replacing path separators with dots.
1559	Extracts function and class names from a source code string, excluding private ones.
1560	Generates an API documentation for a given URI, including inheritance diagrams, class and function documentation, and cross-references.
1561	This method discovers and returns a sorted list of module URIs within a specified directory structure, excluding certain types of directories and files.
1562	Writes API documentation for modules in a specified directory.
1563	Writes an index file listing all written modules.
1564	Convert table cell values to a list of lists.
1565	Loads Java messages from a file if it exists, otherwise initializes an empty dictionary.
1566	Adds new ignored Java messages to a dictionary and updates the dictionary if new messages are added.
1567	Updates a dictionary based on an action and a message.
1568	Extracts messages from a file into a dictionary.
1569	Saves dictionary to file if changed.
1570	This function writes all keys and their corresponding ignored messages from a dictionary to a file, then prints them to the console.
1571	Parses command-line arguments for Java message processing.
1572	This function prints usage information for a script, including options for adding, removing, loading, saving, and printing Java messages.
1573	This function returns a list of all Python files in a given directory and its subdirectories.
1574	This function reads a file, identifies lines starting with "#", and extracts spell words from comments that start with "~~~~* ", "----* ", or "====* ". It returns a tuple of these spell words.
1575	The code processes files, tokenizes their content, normalizes the tokens, and asserts that the original and normalized text are identical.
1576	Transforms data using a specified pipeline.
1577	SummarizeFailedRuns: Scrape failed tests from JSON files in a directory, add to summary dictionary.
1578	This function extracts intermittent test failures from a dictionary, saves them to a JSON file, and writes a summary to a CSV file.
1579	Plot ROC curve with matplotlib.
1580	This method generates a confusion matrix for a binary classification model, combining metrics and thresholds to create a table for each metric at a specified threshold.
1581	Determines if a Deep Water model can be built based on backend availability.
1582	Trims failed test data back to a specified month.
1583	Creates a dictionary mapping class names to lists of endpoints.
1584	Updates or creates a site object in the database.
1585	Convert dictionary to JSON string with default data.
1586	This method checks if a user exists, retrieves their media, and comments on a specified number of posts.
1587	This function prompts the user to enter a username and password, or add or delete accounts, until a valid combination is found or the user chooses to exit.
1588	This method checks if a user is liked by the current user, retrieves their media, and likes a specified number of medias.
1589	Likes media with a given hashtag.
1590	This method checks if a user is not a bot by verifying their user ID against a whitelist, blacklist, and user information. It skips users with high following counts or those who match search stop words.
1591	Reads a list from a file, handling exceptions and stripping whitespace.
1592	Sets `message_id` and `annotations` if not already set, then adds a scheduled enqueue time annotation.
1593	Handles message settlement for deferred messages.
1594	Downloads a virtual WAN and returns the long-running output.
1595	This function takes a path, converts it to lowercase, and then extracts the resource manager name and whether it's an ARM service from the path.
1596	This method updates a command in a resource group and returns the long-running output.
1597	This method deletes an application definition by ID and handles long-running operations with polling or no polling based on the configuration.
1598	This method creates or updates an application definition by ID, handling raw responses and long-running operations.
1599	Constructs a URI based on the protocol, host, and port from a request object.
1600	This method creates a connection to a target host using the specified protocol and proxy settings.
1601	This method performs an HTTP request using a connection, handles headers, bodies, and redirects, and returns the response.
1602	Summarize the code method in one line: Executes script actions with optional parameters and returns a long-running output.
1603	This method checks the availability of a front door name using the Azure Management API.
1604	This method handles the purging of deleted items from a vault and retrieves long-running operation results.
1605	Retrieves the authorization server URL and token from the configuration.
1606	Validates a request URI.
1607	This function loads Azure CLI credentials from a JSON file.
1608	This function retrieves Azure CLI credentials, optionally including the tenant ID, based on the provided resource and whether to include the tenant.
1609	Constructs a request to the Luis API with specified parameters and headers.
1610	This method checks the availability of a name in a specified location using the Azure Management API.
1611	Opens a web request with specified method and URL.
1612	Sets the timeout for the HTTP request in milliseconds.
1613	Sets a request header in a WinHttpRequest object.
1614	Extracts all response headers from a web request.
1615	Sends request body as SAFEArray if provided, otherwise sends VT_EMPTY.
1616	Convert HTTP request status to integer.
1617	Convert HTTP request status text to a string.
1618	Convert `VARIANT` to string if it's a safe array of bytes.
1619	Sets the client certificate for the HTTP request.
1620	Sets HTTP request method and URL, sets timeout, and optionally sets client certificate.
1621	Sets a request header with the given name and value.
1622	Sends HTTP request with optional body.
1623	This method processes an HTTP response, extracts headers, and returns a response object with status, status text, length, headers, and body.
1624	Extracts the readable ID from a given URL by skipping a specified prefix.
1625	Converts element names to serialization format.
1626	This method sends a POST request to verify a face against a person in a specified person group or large person group.
1627	This method constructs and sends a POST request to add a job with various options, including headers, query parameters, and body content. It handles exceptions and returns a response object.
1628	Extracts properties from an XML entry, including ETag, updated timestamp, author name, and optionally ID based on specified criteria.
1629	This function retrieves child nodes from a given path in a XML structure.
1630	Recursively searches for namespaces in a child node of a parent node.
1631	Convert XML to a ServiceBusNamespace object.
1632	Convert XML to ServiceBusRegion object.
1633	Convert XML to namespace availability object.
1634	Convert XML to metrics using a specific object type.
1635	This method replaces the content of a runbook in an Azure Automation account and returns the long-running output.
1636	This method performs a domain recommendation search, handling pagination and headers, and returns a paginated list of recommendations.
1637	This method updates a knowledge base using the provided parameters and headers.
1638	This method retrieves member groups for a specified object, handling pagination and optional headers and parameters.
1639	Build package from PR number, download files, and create comment.
1640	This method handles data import and long-running operations, returning a long-running poller.
1641	This method publishes a runbook and handles long-running operations, returning a LROPoller object.
1642	The method `renew_lock` checks if the session is live and raises a `TypeError` if it is not. It then calls the `_renew_locks` method of the `_receiver` object to renew the lock token and updates the `_expiry` attribute with the new expiration time.
1643	This method constructs a PUT request to replace a word alteration in a system, handling custom headers, body content, and error handling.
1644	This method adds a secret value to a secret resource using the provided parameters.
1645	Retrieves storage account properties for a given service name.
1646	This method retrieves storage account keys for a given service name.
1647	Regenerates storage account keys for a given service and key type.
1648	Creates a storage account with specified parameters.
1649	Updates a storage account with specified properties.
1650	Deletes a storage account.
1651	Checks if a storage account name is available.
1652	This method retrieves hosted service properties for a given service name, optionally including detailed information.
1653	Creates a hosted service with specified details.
1654	Deletes a hosted service with optional media component.
1655	Creates a deployment for a specified service and deployment slot.
1656	Deletes a deployment from a service, optionally deleting the associated VHD.
1657	Swaps deployment settings for a service.
1658	Changes deployment configuration for a given service and deployment.
1659	Updates deployment status for a given service and deployment.
1660	This method upgrades a deployment by sending a POST request to the specified URL with the upgrade details serialized into XML format.
1661	This method performs a POST request to upgrade a domain in a deployment using the provided service name, deployment name, and upgrade domain.
1662	Reboots a role instance in a deployment.
1663	Deletes role instances for a given service and deployment.
1664	Checks if a hosted service name is available.
1665	Summarizes the method to retrieve service certificates for a given service name.
1666	This method retrieves a service certificate from Azure using the provided service name, thumb algorithm, and thumbprint.
1667	Adds a service certificate to the specified service.
1668	Deletes a service certificate from Azure.
1669	Returns a subscription certificate for the given thumbprint.
1670	Adds a management certificate to the Azure subscription.
1671	Deletes a management certificate by its thumbprint.
1672	Retrieves properties of an affinity group by name.
1673	Creates an affinity group with the specified details.
1674	Deletes an affinity group by name.
1675	Constructs a URL for listing subscription operations with optional parameters.
1676	Creates a reserved IP address with the given name, label, and location.
1677	Deletes a reserved IP address by name.
1678	Associates a reserved IP address with a service and deployment.
1679	Disassociates a reserved IP address from a service and deployment.
1680	This method retrieves a reserved IP address by name.
1681	Returns a PersistentVMRole object for the specified service, deployment, and role.
1682	Creates a virtual machine deployment.
1683	This method adds a role to a deployment in Azure, handling various parameters and returning the result of the operation.
1684	Updates a role in a deployment.
1685	Deletes a role from a deployment in a service.
1686	This method captures a role for a service, deployment, and role name, serializes the operation to XML, and performs the operation asynchronously.
1687	Start role operation with specified service, deployment, and role name.
1688	Start roles with service name, deployment name, and role names.
1689	Restarts a role in a deployment of a service.
1690	Shutdown a role in a deployment with a specified post-shutdown action.
1691	This method shuts down specified roles in a deployment using the provided service name, deployment name, and role names. It performs the shutdown operation asynchronously.
1692	Adds a DNS server to a deployment.
1693	Updates DNS server details for a given service and deployment.
1694	Deletes a DNS server from a specified service and deployment.
1695	This method retrieves resource extension versions for a given publisher and extension.
1696	Replicates a virtual machine image to specified regions using the specified offer, SKU, and version.
1697	Unreplicate a VM image by sending a PUT request to the specified path with no body and setting the asynchronous flag to True.
1698	This method shares a virtual machine image with a specified permission.
1699	Creates a virtual machine image by serializing it to XML and sending it to the server.
1700	Deletes a virtual machine image with an optional VHD deletion.
1701	Summarize the `list_vm_images` method in one line.
1702	Updates a virtual machine image.
1703	Adds an OS image to the system.
1704	Updates an OS image with the specified details.
1705	Updates an OS image from an image reference.
1706	Deletes an OS image with optional VHD deletion.
1707	This method retrieves data disk information from a specified service, deployment, role, and LUN using the `_perform_get` method and returns the result.
1708	This method adds a data disk to a specified service, deployment, and role, with optional parameters for caching, media link, label, name, size, and source media link.
1709	Updates data disk details in the specified service, deployment, role, and LUN.
1710	Deletes data disk from specified service, deployment, role, and lun, optionally deleting VHD.
1711	Adds a disk to the system with specified details.
1712	Updates a disk with the specified details.
1713	Deletes a disk with an optional VHD deletion.
1714	Summarize a management group with optional query options, headers, and raw response.
1715	Build a receiver link with specified properties and settle modes.
1716	Fetches messages from a handler, wraps them, and returns the wrapped batch.
1717	Updates the lock status by renewing the session lock.
1718	This method creates or updates a virtual machine scale set and handles long-running operations.
1719	Converts a VM scale set to a single placement group.
1720	Constructs a request to the screen_text API with specified parameters and sends it.
1721	This method creates a key in Azure Key Vault using the provided parameters.
1722	This method imports a key into a key vault using the Azure Key Vault client library.
1723	Updates a key in Azure Key Vault.
1724	This method sets a secret in a vault using the Azure Key Vault client library.
1725	This method sets a certificate issuer in a vault using the Azure Key Vault client library.
1726	This method parses a connection string and returns a new instance of a class with the parsed values.
1727	This method retrieves a subscription from Azure Service Bus, handling connection errors and resource not found exceptions.
1728	This method retrieves subscriptions for a specified topic and returns a list of `SubscriptionClient` objects. It handles exceptions for connection errors and resource not found errors, and constructs `SubscriptionClient` objects for each subscription found.
1729	Sends messages to a sender asynchronously.
1730	This method returns a `Sender` object based on the provided parameters, including a unique handler ID, entity URI, authentication configuration, and optional session and loop settings.
1731	This method initializes a receiver based on the provided parameters, handling session management and validation.
1732	This method initializes a receiver object with specified parameters such as prefetch count, mode, and idle timeout.
1733	Convert HTTP response headers to an asynchronous operation result.
1734	This method performs a GET request to a specified path with optional headers and query parameters.
1735	This method performs a PUT request to a specified path with optional body and version, updating headers and query parameters.
1736	This method waits for a specified operation status to be reached, handling progress, success, and failure callbacks.
1737	This method retrieves the status of an operation based on the provided request ID.
1738	Updates request headers based on method and version.
1739	This function checks Travis CI environment variables, splits the tag into package name and version, validates the version, checks if the package is disabled, creates a distribution package, and pushes it to PyPI.
1740	This method retrieves certificates from a vault, handling pagination and optional parameters.
1741	Converts a response from a service bus API to a list of regions.
1742	Converts a response from a service bus namespace list request to a list of namespace feeds.
1743	Convert XML response to ServiceBus namespace object.
1744	Creates a namespace in Azure Service Bus.
1745	Deletes a namespace from the service bus.
1746	Checks if a namespace is available in Azure Service Bus.
1747	Converts a list of topics for a given name into a list of `TopicDescription` objects.
1748	Converts a notification hub list response to a list of `NotificationHubDescription` objects.
1749	Converts a list of relay descriptions from XML to a list of `RelayDescription` objects.
1750	Convert metrics rollup queue response to feeds using XML serialization.
1751	Converts a response to metrics rollups for a specific topic using the provided method.
1752	Convert metrics rollup hub response to feeds using XML serialization.
1753	Convert metrics rollup relay response to feeds.
1754	Creates an environment with specified options and returns the context.
1755	Creates a virtual environment with specified packages.
1756	Creates a server with the given admin login, password, and location, returning the response.
1757	Sets server admin password.
1758	Convert server quotas for a given server name.
1759	This method retrieves server event logs for a given server, specifying start date, interval size, and event types.
1760	Creates a firewall rule for a server.
1761	Updates a firewall rule for a server.
1762	Deletes a firewall rule from a server.
1763	Convert server firewall rules to XML objects.
1764	Convert server name to string, perform GET request, parse response to service objectives.
1765	Creates a new database on a specified server with the given parameters.
1766	Updates a database on a specified server.
1767	Deletes a database from the specified server and name.
1768	Convert database list response to XML object
1769	This method handles the creation and retrieval of agreements for a specific domain, including handling pagination and custom headers.
1770	Closes the message handler with an optional error.
1771	Closes the receiver, setting the running flag to False and receiver_shutdown to True, and then awaits the superclass's close method with the provided exception.
1772	Asynchronously fetches and decodes session state from a management request.
1773	Sets session state asynchronously.
1774	This method receives deferred messages from an AMQP server, handling sequence numbers and settle modes.
1775	This method merges reservation orders, handles raw responses, and manages long-running operations.
1776	Validates a Bearer challenge string.
1777	This method purges a table in a workspace, handling raw responses and long-running operations.
1778	Handles error conditions by returning appropriate `ErrorAction` instances based on the error condition.
1779	This method creates a queue in Azure Service Bus, handling exceptions and returning a boolean indicating success or failure.
1780	Deletes a queue from the service bus.
1781	This method retrieves a queue from a service bus using HTTP requests and returns the response as a queue object.
1782	This method creates a topic in Azure Service Bus, handling exceptions and returning a boolean indicating success or failure.
1783	This method retrieves a topic from a service bus using HTTP GET request.
1784	This method creates a rule in Azure Service Bus by sending a PUT request to the specified endpoint with the rule details. It handles exceptions and returns a boolean indicating success or failure.
1785	This method retrieves a rule from a service bus using HTTP GET request.
1786	This method constructs an HTTP request to retrieve rules for a specific topic and subscription in Azure Service Bus, returning the rules as a list of objects.
1787	This method creates a subscription to a specified topic in Azure Service Bus.
1788	This method retrieves a subscription from a service bus using HTTP GET request.
1789	This method retrieves subscriptions for a specified topic using HTTP requests and converts the response to a list of subscriptions.
1790	Sends a POST request to the specified topic with the given message.
1791	This method constructs an HTTP request to unlock a subscription message in Azure Service Bus.
1792	Sends a batch of messages to a specified queue using HTTP POST request.
1793	This method sends a PUT request to the Azure Service Bus to unlock a message.
1794	Reads and deletes messages from a queue.
1795	This method handles subscription messages, returning either a peek-locked message or a read-and-delete message based on the `peek_lock` parameter.
1796	This method creates an event hub with the specified name, using the provided HTTP client and optional fail-on-exist flag.
1797	Updates an event hub with the provided name and optional hub object.
1798	This method retrieves an event hub from a service bus, handling validation, constructing the request, and returning the response.
1799	This method sends an HTTP request to a service bus with the specified message and optional device ID and broker properties.
1800	Updates service bus headers based on request method and content type.
1801	Returns a string with an authorization header formatted for a specific request.
1802	Checks if a token is expired by comparing the token's expiration time with the current time.
1803	This method retrieves a token from an access control server using HTTP POST requests and stores it in a cache.
1804	Updates the request URI query by appending encoded parameters.
1805	Resets a service principal profile in Azure, handling raw responses and long-running operations.
1806	Deletes a message from a queue or subscription based on the provided sequence number and lock token.
1807	Unlocks a message from a queue or subscription based on the provided properties.
1808	Renews lock for a queue or subscription based on the provided properties.
1809	Adds custom properties, content-type, and BrokerProperties to a request header dictionary.
1810	Convert body to string if Python 3, serialize custom properties and broker properties, return result.
1811	Constructs a GET request to retrieve cluster health data with specified filters and options.
1812	This method constructs and sends a POST request to the specified URL with various query parameters and headers, and returns the response.
1813	This method unprovisions an application type with specified details, including version, timeout, and headers, and returns a response.
1814	This method constructs a URL, parameters, headers, and sends a GET request to retrieve a list of repair tasks based on specified filters and headers.
1815	Submit a property batch with specified parameters and headers.
1816	Handles HTTP errors by appending response body to error message and raising an AzureHttpError.
1817	This method starts a web site network trace operation, handles raw results, and manages long-running operations.
1818	This method performs a slot swap operation on a specified Azure resource group, name, slot, and target slot, with optional parameters for preserving the virtual network and custom headers. It handles pagination and error responses, returning a `SlotDifferencePaged` object.
1819	This method handles the swapping of slots in Azure resources, including handling raw responses and long-running operations.
1820	Constructs a GET request to fetch events based on specified parameters and returns the response.
1821	This method constructs and sends a POST request to add a face from a stream to a large face list.
1822	Handles redirect by setting authentication attempt to False.
1823	This method creates and starts a migration, retrieves the long-running output, and handles polling based on the provided configuration.
1824	This method constructs and sends a POST request to publish events to a specified topic using the Azure Event Grid service.
1825	This method moves resources between resource groups and handles long-running operations.
1826	Sets the profile attribute of the class instance to the provided profile, ensuring it is either a ProfileDefinition or a KnownProfiles instance.
1827	This method queries policy tracked resources for a management group, handling pagination and optional headers and query parameters.
1828	Creates a Service Bus queue with specified properties and handles connection errors.
1829	Handles deletion of a Service Bus queue, raising appropriate exceptions for connection and resource not found errors.
1830	Creates a topic in Azure Service Bus with specified properties and handles connection errors.
1831	Handles topic deletion, raising appropriate exceptions for connection and resource not found errors.
1832	Creates a subscription in Azure Service Bus with specified properties and handles connection errors.
1833	Constructs a new instance of the class with the provided connection string and optional name.
1834	This method attempts to retrieve properties from an entity, handling exceptions such as resource not found, HTTP errors, and connection errors.
1835	Checks if the object is expired based on the `locked_until` attribute.
1836	This method creates a session resource with optional parameters and returns the result.
1837	This method creates a subscription, handles long-running operations, and returns the result.
1838	This method exports request rate by interval, handles raw responses, and manages long-running operations.
1839	This function dequeues items from a queue and appends them to a list.
1840	This method handles adding tasks to a collection, splitting large chunks if necessary, and retrying server-side errors.
1841	This method handles the collection of tasks in a thread, ensuring that it does not exceed a specified limit and handles errors gracefully.
1842	This function builds a configuration dictionary based on input parameters, managing various aspects such as classifier, package name, and dependencies.
1843	Resets a user's password and handles long-running operations.
1844	Summarize the code method in one line: This method starts an environment, retrieves long-running output, and handles polling based on the provided configuration.
1845	This method creates a message object from a response, extracting relevant headers and properties, and populating a `Message` object with the extracted data.
1846	Converts an XML element to a rule object, extracting properties from the feed entry and setting them on the rule.
1847	Convert an XML element to a Queue object.
1848	Converts an XML element to a Topic object, handling various properties and validating them.
1849	Converts an XML element to a subscription object.
1850	This method creates a certificate in Azure, handles long-running operations, and returns the result.
1851	This method deletes a certificate in Azure, handling raw responses and long-running operations.
1852	This function initializes a client from command-line profile credentials and parameters, handling Azure-specific configurations like ADL endpoint and base URL.
1853	This function initializes a client from a JSON dictionary, handling authentication and configuration based on the client class and configuration.
1854	This function reads an authentication file, parses it as JSON, and then uses the parsed data to create an instance of a specified client class.
1855	This function parses an XML response into a Python object, extracting specific elements and populating them into a custom object.
1856	Extracts properties from an XML element, including etag, updated date, author name, and optionally the element's title or ID.
1857	Deletes a certificate from a specified resource group in a given provisioning service.
1858	This method retrieves a queue from Azure Service Bus using the provided queue name, handling exceptions for connection errors and resource not found errors.
1859	This method retrieves a list of queues from a service management client and returns a list of `QueueClient` objects.
1860	This method retrieves a topic from Azure Service Bus, handling connection errors and resource not found exceptions.
1861	This method retrieves a list of topics from a service bus namespace and returns a list of `TopicClient` objects.
1862	This method receives deferred messages with specified sequence numbers and mode, ensuring sessionful messages are received within a locked receive session.
1863	Settles deferred messages within a locked receive session.
1864	Returns a Site object from the specified webspace and website.
1865	Creates a website in a specified webspace with given details.
1866	Deletes a website from a server farm and metrics based on the provided parameters.
1867	Updates a website's state in a specified webspace.
1868	Restarts a website in a specified webspace.
1869	Constructs a URL for historical usage metrics retrieval with specified parameters.
1870	Returns metric definitions for a given webspace and website.
1871	Generates XML for publishing a website.
1872	Returns a `PublishData` object by performing a GET request to a specified XML path.
1873	This method updates policies for a registry and returns the result.
1874	This method creates a cloud service by serializing its details into XML and sending a PUT request to the specified path.
1875	Checks if a job collection name is available in the specified cloud service.
1876	This method retrieves a job collection from a specified cloud service and job collection ID, handling validation and making an HTTP GET request to the appropriate endpoint.
1877	This method completes a restore operation, handles raw responses, and manages long-running operations based on configuration.
1878	Cancels scheduled messages for specified sequence numbers.
1879	This method sends pending messages asynchronously, handling failures and returning results.
1880	Reconnects sender, queues unsent events, waits, or handles exception.
1881	This function reads a publish settings file, extracts the management certificate, and writes it to a specified path in PEM format.
1882	Restores cookies from cache.
1883	Calculates the width of a string in characters.
1884	Extracts a prefix from a string or bytes, ensuring it does not exceed a specified maximum length.
1885	Prints a message to the standard error stream in place, adjusting the spacing based on the terminal width.
1886	Converts file size to human-readable format.
1887	Convert elapsed time to hours, minutes, and seconds.
1888	Generates a status line based on parameters, truncating if necessary.
1889	This code method calculates and displays the progress of an iterator by updating a status line with the current prefix, written bytes, elapsed time, and speed.
1890	Generates segment numbers for a playlist based on the given parameters.
1891	This method initializes segments based on attributes and yields them.
1892	`wait` method returns `True` if the event is set within the specified time, otherwise `False`.
1893	Adds a segment to the queue with a future representing the result of fetching it.
1894	Adds an item to a queue, waiting if necessary.
1895	This method processes a video player URL, retrieves the video content, and generates a token for authentication.
1896	Extract nonce from redirect URL
1897	Search for vpid on URL using pre-fetched page or session HTTP GET, extract JSON from matched group, and return parsed vpid.
1898	Parses JSON data, raises an exception if parsing fails, and validates against a schema if provided.
1899	Parses XML data, handling encoding, namespaces, and invalid characters, validating against a schema if provided.
1900	Convert query string to dictionary and validate against schema if provided.
1901	Recursively searches nested dictionaries and lists for a given key, yielding values.
1902	Starts a subprocess with specified parameters and arguments, handling errors and timeouts.
1903	Iterate over HTML tags matching a given tag, extracting attributes and inner content.
1904	This method parses a manifest URL or XML, extracts video and audio representations, and returns a dictionary of DASH streams based on the specified locale.
1905	Determines JSON encoding based on nulls in the first four bytes of a sample.
1906	Convert JSON content to Python object.
1907	Convert XML response to Python object
1908	This method parses cookies from a string and sets them in a dictionary.
1909	Parses headers from a string and stores them in a dictionary.
1910	Parses cookies into query parameters.
1911	Returns a formatted message if arguments are provided, otherwise returns the original message.
1912	Creates a log record with optional extra data.
1913	Logs in to LiveEdu account using provided email and password.
1914	Loads a support plugin by finding the caller's module path and loading the specified module from that path.
1915	Updates a query string in a URL by removing specified keys and updating others.
1916	This method iterates over tags, serializes them, and yields them.
1917	This method checks for valid plugin arguments and cycles in the argument configuration.
1918	Checks if a file exists and prompts for overwrite if not, using `os.path.isfile` and `sys.stdin.isatty`. If the file exists and `force` is not specified, it prompts the user to confirm overwrite. If the file exists and `force` is specified, it overwrites the file.
1919	This function creates an output object based on the provided arguments, handling various file and network output options.
1920	Creates an HTTP server with specified host and port.
1921	Iterate over HTTP requests with a timeout of 2.5 seconds.
1922	This function initializes an HTTP server and player, handling stream fetching, opening, and streaming.
1923	This method attempts to start a player with a given stream and returns a boolean indicating success or failure.
1924	This function attempts to open a stream, read 8192 bytes, and return the stream and the prebuffered data. If any errors occur during the process, it raises a StreamError.
1925	Attempts to open a stream with retries, logs errors, and handles output opening and closing.
1926	Reads a stream, processes it, and writes to an output based on the type of output.
1927	Handles stream processing based on input arguments and outputs the stream.
1928	Fetch streams from a plugin with specified types and sorting excludes.
1929	Fetch streams with retry, log errors, wait for streams, retry every interval, break after count attempts.
1930	Identifies the stream name based on synonyms and existing streams.
1931	Formats valid streams based on plugin weights and synonyms.
1932	Handles URL resolution, plugin setup, argument processing, stream fetching, and error handling.
1933	Prints a list of plugins from a streamlink stream.
1934	This function opens a web browser to authenticate Streamlink with Twitch using the provided client ID and redirect URI.
1935	Loads plugins from specified directories.
1936	Sets up command-line arguments from config files and handles unrecognized arguments.
1937	Sets up a console output system with a JSON handler for SIGTERM.
1938	Sets HTTP proxy, cookies, headers, query params, SSL options, and timeout for a streamlink session based on command-line arguments.
1939	Sets up plugins from the specified directory and optionally an extra directory.
1940	Sets streamlink options based on command-line arguments.
1941	Logs current OS, Python, Streamlink, and library versions.
1942	Extracts stream ID from text using regular expression.
1943	Extracts iframe URL from text using regular expression and returns stream from session.
1944	Sets options for HTTP client based on provided key-value pairs.
1945	This method retrieves an option value based on the provided key, handling specific cases and returning the corresponding value from the `options` dictionary or the `http` object's proxies, cookies, headers, query parameters, trust environment, SSL verification, SSL certificate, or timeout settings.
1946	Sets a plugin option.
1947	Retrieves an option from a plugin.
1948	Resolves a URL by checking available plugins, handling redirects, and returning the first available plugin.
1949	Loads plugins from a specified path.
1950	Convert a string representing hours, minutes, and seconds into total seconds.
1951	The function `startswith` checks if a string starts with a specified prefix.
1952	The function `ends_with` checks if a given string ends with a specified substring.
1953	The function `contains` checks if a string is present in another string.
1954	`getter` function retrieves an attribute from a value, with a default value if the attribute does not exist.
1955	Transforms a value using a function, expanding dictionaries and applying a filter.
1956	Transforms values using a given function.
1957	The function `url` checks if a given URL is valid and contains all specified attributes. It uses the `urlparse` function to parse the URL and validate each attribute against the parsed URL. If any attribute is missing or invalid, it raises a `ValueError`. If the URL is valid, it returns `True`.
1958	Transforms an XPath value into an element.
1959	Transforms XPath into a function that validates and finds all elements in an XML tree.
1960	Extracts player URL from HTML response.
1961	Loads data into a parser and parses it.
1962	Identifies supported player based on command input.
1963	This method handles Steam login by sending a POST request with login data, including captcha and two-factor authentication, and returns a boolean indicating success or failure.
1964	Extracts stream ID from HTML using a regular expression.
1965	Transforms HTML to stream info list.
1966	This method attempts to log in to a website using provided credentials and updates session attributes based on the login response.
1967	Appends a tuple of a key and a partial function to the `_map` list.
1968	This method makes an API call to a specified endpoint with optional parameters and schema validation.
1969	Starts a session with the provided parameters and logs the session ID.
1970	This method retrieves information about a media item using the provided `media_id` and optional `fields` and `schema`.
1971	This method initializes a Crunchyroll API instance with caching, session management, and authentication based on options provided.
1972	Compresses a string using a specified compression mode, quality, window size, and block size.
1973	Converts a character to its corresponding string representation, handling special characters like newline, carriage return, and space.
1974	This function formats a string by replacing spaces with spaces and applying a custom character formatting function to each character. It returns the formatted string, truncating it to 200 characters if necessary.
1975	Read `n` bytes from the data starting at the current position, ensuring byte alignment.
1976	```python
def value(self, extra=None):
    if isinstance(self.code, WithExtra):
        if not 0 <= extra < 1 << self.extraBits():
            raise ValueError("value: extra value doesn't fit in extraBits")
        return self.code.value(self.index, extra)
    if extra is not None:
        raise ValueError('value: no extra bits for this code')
    return self.code.value(self.index)
```
1977	The method checks if the `self.code` is an instance of `WithExtra` and returns the callback of `self.code` with `self` and `extra` as arguments if true, otherwise it returns the callback of `self`.
1978	This method sets the decode table, calculates the bit size under investigation, and determines the length of each encoding.
1979	This method initializes a `decodeTable` with codes for each length in the `lengthTable`, where the codes are generated by shifting and summing the bits of the lengths.
1980	This function displays a table of binary strings and their corresponding mnemonics, formatted for readability.
1981	Reads a tuple from a stream.
1982	Summarizes the method's functionality to format a description, bit pattern, and range based on the index and extra bits.
1983	This method calculates a value based on a span and an extra, ensuring it does not exceed a specified upper limit.
1984	Calculates the lower and upper bounds for a span based on the given index and extra table.
1985	Calculates the value based on the index and extra parameters, considering the RLEMAX limit.
1986	Generates a mnemonic string from code symbols and their extra bits.
1987	Convert index to mnemonic string based on prefix and postfix settings.
1988	Compiles actions from a table, handling special cases and formatting.
1989	The method `doAction` takes an environment `w`, an action `action`, and evaluates the action using the environment and action list.
1990	Convert a portion of the stream data to hexadecimal format.
1991	Summarizes the main processing steps of a stream processing method, including header reading, block type descriptors, distance code parameters, context maps, and prefix code lists.
1992	This method reads a block of data from a stream, skipping over certain sections based on predefined alphabets and positions.
1993	Decompresses data based on a boolean flag and prints the decompressed data.
1994	This method initializes block type counts and codes based on the input kind.
1995	Transforms a list of values using an MTF (Modified Transform Function) algorithm.
1996	Reads prefix codes for different types of alphabets and stores them in a dictionary.
1997	Convert image to monochrome using specified color and normalization.
1998	Normalizes and colors an image based on specified colors and range.
1999	Convert Vaex DataFrame to PyArrow Table.
2000	Wraps a function to store it in a hidden dictionary.
2001	Adds virtual columns for Cartesian velocities and PMR coordinates to a dataset.
2002	Adds virtual columns for proper motion in perpendicular directions.
2003	This method generates a graph visualization of a given graph structure using the `graphviz` library.
2004	This method computes the value counts of a pandas Series, handling string data and optional dropna and dropnull options.
2005	This method maps values from a dictionary to a new variable in a DataFrame, handling missing and null values appropriately.
2006	`app` is a function that imports `vaex.ui.main` and returns an instance of `VaexApp`.
2007	This function takes a list of filenames, opens each file, and returns a concatenated DataFrame from the opened files.
2008	Convert SAMP message to Astropy table.
2009	Convert an Astropy Table to a Vaex Dataset.
2010	Convert arrays to DataFrame columns.
2011	Convert keyword arguments to NumPy arrays.
2012	Convert DataFrame to Vaex DataFrame, add columns, handle exceptions, and return Vaex DataFrame.
2013	Convert CSV file to DataFrame and optionally copy index.
2014	This function initializes a Vaex server with the provided URL, handling WebSocket connections if the URL scheme is "ws".
2015	`zeldovich` is a function that returns a `vaex.file.other.Zeldovich` object with specified parameters.
2016	Combines multiple DataFrames into a single DataFrame.
2017	`vrange` generates a virtual range of values from `start` to `stop` with a specified `step` and data type.
2018	Opens a dataset from a given path using Vaex, handling HTTP and WebSocket URLs differently.
2019	Evaluates a dataset expression with optional parameters.
2020	This code defines a decorator `delayed` that takes a function `f` and returns a new function that wraps `f` and handles asynchronous operations using Promises.
2021	This method returns a set of variables that are depending on the expressions in the `self.expressions` list.
2022	Executes a task with optional progress bar using a scheduler.
2023	Sorts pairs or rankings based on order.
2024	This function reads a Gadget file and returns the number of particles, the position offset, the velocity offset, and the header dictionary.
2025	Clears the canvas by copying the background and hiding lines and the ellipse.
2026	Wait for plot events to finish.
2027	This function opens a document using the appropriate command based on the operating system.
2028	This function takes a file object `f` and a mode string `mode`, and returns a generator that yields the file object. If the file object does not have a `write` method, it opens the file in the specified mode. Finally, it closes the file.
2029	Splits and combines masks from a list of arrays.
2030	`nop` method takes an expression, progress flag, delay flag, and returns a map-reduce operation.
2031	This method computes the first value for each expression in a dataset, optionally applying a binning, limits, and progress bar.
2032	Calculates the mean of a dataset with optional binning, limits, and progress tracking.
2033	Summarizes a method in Vaex that computes the sum of expressions with optional binning, limits, and progress tracking.
2034	Calculates the square root of the result of a mathematical expression.
2035	This method calculates the covariance matrix of two variables `x` and `y` using a parallelized approach with Vaex.
2036	This method computes the minimum and maximum values of a given expression across specified dimensions, handling datetime and non-datetime expressions, and managing progress bars.
2037	Computes the minimum value of an expression with optional binning, limits, shape, selection, delay, progress, and edges.
2038	Calculates the median of a dataset using a specified percentile approximation method.
2039	Summarize the `plot_widget` method in one line.
2040	This method calculates the count of healpix bins based on a given expression and parameters.
2041	Plot healpix data with specified parameters.
2042	Plot 3D visualization of data with customizable parameters.
2043	The method `dtype` evaluates an expression and returns the data type of the result.
2044	This method returns the path to a private directory for a given object, creating it if specified.
2045	Convert state to dictionary with specified keys and values.
2046	This method updates the state of an object with data from a dictionary, handling various configurations such as renaming columns, adding functions, and setting selections.
2047	Removes virtual meta file and directory if empty.
2048	Writes virtual meta information to a YAML file.
2049	Writes metadata to a YAML file.
2050	Generates subspaces based on column combinations and excludes specified expressions.
2051	Sets a variable in the object's dictionary.
2052	Evaluates a variable by recursively evaluating its dependencies and returning the result.
2053	Evaluates a selection mask within a block scope.
2054	Convert DataFrame to dictionary.
2055	This method creates a new DataFrame by copying data from the current DataFrame, applying specified transformations, and updating metadata.
2056	Convert a dictionary to a pandas DataFrame with optional index and column names.
2057	Convert Vaex DataFrame to Arrow Table
2058	Convert a dictionary to an Astropy table with specified columns, handling string data and metadata.
2059	Adds a new column to the DataFrame with the specified name and data.
2060	Modifies a column's name in a DataFrame, optionally renaming it and storing the change in state.
2061	Adds virtual columns for radius and azimuth in polar coordinates from Cartesian coordinates.
2062	Adds virtual columns for Cartesian velocities and spherical coordinates to a dataset.
2063	Adds virtual columns for Cartesian velocities and azimuth to polar coordinates.
2064	Adds polar velocity columns to Cartesian coordinates.
2065	This method rotates the variables `x` and `y` by a given angle and updates the new variables `xnew` and `ynew` with the rotated values. It also handles uncertainty propagation if specified.
2066	This method adds spherical coordinates to a Cartesian coordinate system, optionally propagating uncertainties.
2067	This method adds virtual columns to a Cartesian coordinate system based on spherical coordinates, including distance, azimuth, and inclination.
2068	Adds a virtual column to the dataset with the specified name and expression.
2069	Deletes a virtual column and emits a signal.
2070	Adds a variable to the dataset with optional overwrite and uniqueness checks.
2071	Deletes a variable from the dictionary and emits a signal.
2072	Returns the last `n` elements of the list.
2073	Prints the first and last `n` rows of the table.
2074	Summarize the method to describe a DataFrame's columns, including data types, counts, missing values, means, standard deviations, and min/max values.
2075	Converts data to HTML or plain text table and displays it.
2076	Sets the current row and emits a signal with the new value.
2077	Filters column names based on specified criteria.
2078	Trims DataFrame columns based on specified start and end indices.
2079	This method takes a DataFrame and a list of indices, then creates a new DataFrame with the specified columns and indices.
2080	Extracts filtered indices from a trimmed sequence and returns the corresponding elements.
2081	This method extracts a sample from a dataset using random sampling with optional weights and random state.
2082	Splits the dataset into two parts based on a given fraction and random state.
2083	This method splits a sequence into segments based on a given fraction.
2084	Sorts the data based on the specified criteria.
2085	Transforms a virtual column into a regular column in the DataFrame.
2086	Undo selection history by decrementing index and emitting signal.
2087	Redo selection history item.
2088	Checks if the selection can be redone based on the current history index.
2089	Selects or creates a selection based on a boolean expression.
2090	Selects non-missing values from the dataset based on specified conditions.
2091	`dropna` method in a class, copies the object, selects non-missing values based on specified conditions, and returns the modified copy.
2092	Selects a rectangle within the given limits.
2093	Selects boxes based on given spaces and limits.
2094	Selects a circle based on the given parameters.
2095	Computes the properties of an ellipse and selects points within it based on the given parameters.
2096	Selects a lasso selection based on given expressions and sequences.
2097	Selects an inverse selection based on the current selection.
2098	Sets the selection with a given name and executor, creating it if necessary.
2099	This method updates the selection history in a data processing pipeline, appending a new selection and handling the execution of the selection.
2100	`_find_valid_name` checks for a valid column name in a Vaex dataset, ensuring it does not conflict with existing column names.
2101	This function recursively walks an expression graph, identifying leaf nodes and root nodes, and returns a list of root nodes.
2102	Generates a graphviz representation of the dataframe's root nodes.
2103	Categorizes a column by mapping values to labels.
2104	This method encodes categorical data in a DataFrame by mapping each unique value to a unique integer, handling missing values appropriately.
2105	Convert dictionary items to attributes of a class.
2106	Calculates the length of the mask if provided, otherwise returns the length of the object.
2107	Adds columns from another DataFrame horizontally.
2108	Concatenates two DataFrameConcatenated objects.
2109	Exports data to a HDF5 file.
2110	Adds a new column to the DataFrameArrays object.
2111	Decorator that wraps a function to add a new attribute to the DataFrame class.
2112	Registers a function in a scope, optionally as a property, and wraps it with a lazy evaluation mechanism.
2113	Fills NaN values in an array with a specified value or mask.
2114	Convert a pandas Series to a Series of day of the week values.
2115	Convert a pandas Series to a Series of day of the year values.
2116	Determines if each element in the input series is a leap year.
2117	Convert a pandas Series to a year array.
2118	Convert a pandas Series to a month array.
2119	Convert a datetime series to its month name.
2120	Convert a pandas Series to a numpy array of day values.
2121	Convert a datetime object to its day name.
2122	Convert a datetime series to its week of the year.
2123	Convert a pandas Series to a Series of hours.
2124	Convert a pandas Series to a minute value.
2125	Convert a pandas Series to a numpy array of seconds.
2126	Transforms a string into a column with capitalized characters.
2127	Combines two string sequences into a single string sequence.
2128	Checks if a string contains a pattern using regular expressions.
2129	Counts occurrences of a pattern in a string.
2130	Finds the index of the first occurrence of a substring within a string.
2131	Convert input string to sequence, slice based on index, and return a ColumnStringArrow object.
2132	`str_index` is a function that returns the index of the first occurrence of a substring within a string.
2133	Convert string to lower case and create a new column with the result.
2134	Strips leading characters from a string.
2135	This function pads a string with a specified character to a given width, aligning to the left or right.
2136	This function takes a string `x` and an integer `repeats`, converts `x` to a string sequence, repeats it `repeats` times, and returns a new column with the repeated string sequence.
2137	Finds the last occurrence of a substring within a string.
2138	`str_rindex` is a Python function that returns the highest index of the substring `sub` in the string `x` (or in the slice `x[start:end]`) if found, otherwise it returns -1.
2139	Transforms a string into a column string with specified width and fill character.
2140	This function removes trailing characters from a string, optionally specified by `to_strip`.
2141	Slices a string from start to stop.
2142	Strips leading and trailing characters from a string.
2143	Convert string to title case and return a column with the result.
2144	Convert string to uppercase and return a new column with the result.
2145	Convert array to float, check if all elements are finite and integers, otherwise return original array.
2146	Convert dictionary to structured array.
2147	Stores properties to a file with optional comments and timestamps.
2148	Writes a comment to a file.
2149	Writes a property to a file with key-value pair.
2150	Iterate over properties in a file, yield key-value pairs after unescaping and ignoring comments.
2151	Converts universal newline mode to standard newline mode.
2152	Summarize the code method to print installed versions of Python, librosa, and core and extra dependencies.
2153	This function renames a keyword argument in a deprecated function and logs a warning.
2154	Sets the FFT library to `lib` if provided, otherwise uses `numpy.fft`.
2155	This code loads an audio file, tracks beats using librosa, and saves the beat times to a CSV file.
2156	Adjusts audio tuning by applying pitch correction.
2157	Convert frames to samples using a hop length and FFT size.
2158	Convert samples to frames using hop_length and n_fft.
2159	Convert time to frames using a given sampling rate, hop length, and FFT size.
2160	Convert MIDI to note name with optional octave and cents.
2161	Convert Hz to Mel scale.
2162	Convert mel scale to Hz.
2163	Calculates the frequency bins for a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).
2164	Calculates CQT frequencies based on input parameters.
2165	Converts mel frequencies to Hz.
2166	Calculates weights for audio signal based on frequency and constants.
2167	Convert samples to time using `samples_to_time` function with specified parameters.
2168	Convert array indices to samples using frame-to-sample conversion.
2169	Computes a hybrid constant-Q transform with pseudo-CQT for a given audio signal.
2170	This function computes a pseudo-complex quadrature transform (pseudo-CQT) of a given audio signal using a Hann window.
2171	This function computes the inverse short-time Fourier transform (ISTFT) of a CQT (Constant-Q Transform) representation of a signal, applying energy corrections and up-sampling as needed.
2172	Filters are padded up to the nearest integral power of 2, FFT is computed, and basis is sparsified.
2173	Trims and clips a CQT response matrix.
2174	Computes the STFT matrix and filters response energy.
2175	Calculates the minimum downsample count based on audio bandwidth, filter cutoff, hop length, and number of octaves.
2176	This function downsamples a signal using a Kaiser window and resampling, adjusting the sampling rate and hop length accordingly.
2177	Calculates the accumulated cost matrix and step indices for dynamic time warping.
2178	Backtracking algorithm to find the optimal path in a dynamic time warping matrix.
2179	This function implements the Viterbi algorithm to find the most likely sequence of states given a sequence of observations and transition probabilities.
2180	The function `viterbi_discriminative` computes the Viterbi algorithm for a sequence of observations given a transition matrix and a marginal state distribution. It returns the most likely sequence of states and the corresponding log-likelihood.
2181	Generates a uniform transition matrix of size `n_states`.
2182	This function generates a transition matrix for a Markov chain with `n_states` states, where each state has a probability `prob` of transitioning to itself and the remaining `n_states - 1` states.
2183	This function generates a transition matrix for a Markov chain with `n_states` states, where each state transitions to the next state with probability `prob`.
2184	This function generates a transition matrix for a given number of states and width, using a specified window type and wrap mode.
2185	Detects onset times in a signal using a frame->beat strength profile and optional backtracking.
2186	Computes full-spectrum onset strength for a given signal.
2187	Identifies energy non-increasing points, pads with zeros, and matches events to these points.
2188	This function computes onset strength by comparing a mel spectrogram to a reference spectrum, aggregating the results within specified channels, and optionally detrending and centering the output.
2189	This function writes a CSV file with times and annotations, formatted to three decimal places.
2190	Writes a WAV file from a numpy array.
2191	This function maps data to a color map based on its range and robustness.
2192	Generates a waveplot of audio data with specified parameters.
2193	Sets the current image in the specified axis.
2194	This function maps an axis type to a corresponding coordinate mapping function based on the input parameters.
2195	This function checks if the provided `axes` argument is `None`, and if so, it imports `matplotlib.pyplot` and sets `axes` to the current axes object. If `axes` is not an instance of `matplotlib.axes.Axes`, it raises a `ValueError`. Otherwise, it returns the provided `axes` object.
2196	This function scales the axes of a plot based on the specified type and mode, with optional parameters for threshold, base, scale, and limits.
2197	Transforms a signal into its frequency domain.
2198	Generates a mel frequency scale for a given number of bins and frequency range.
2199	Generates a CQT frequency array for a given number of bins and frequency range.
2200	Generates a linearly spaced array of chromatic values for a given number of notes.
2201	Convert frame indices to time using `core.frames_to_time` with specified sample rate and hop length.
2202	Estimates pitch and magnitude using piptrack, then filters and tunes the pitch based on magnitude threshold.
2203	This function processes an audio signal to extract pitch information using a parabolic interpolation method.
2204	Computes the STFT matrix, decomposes into harmonic and percussives, and inverts the STFTs to produce the original audio signals.
2205	Computes the harmonic component of a signal using the Short-Time Fourier Transform (STFT), removes percussives, and then inverts the STFTs to obtain the harmonic signal.
2206	Computes the STFT matrix, removes harmonics, inverts the STFT, and returns the processed audio.
2207	This function takes a time series `y` and a rate `rate` as input, and returns a stretched version of the time series using phase vocoding.
2208	Shifts audio by a specified number of semitones using a resampling technique.
2209	Remixes an audio buffer by aligning intervals with zero crossings and concatenating the results.
2210	Convert signal to mono, compute MSE, convert to dB, return if above threshold
2211	This function trims a signal by removing silent segments and returns the trimmed signal and its start and end positions.
2212	This function splits a signal into non-silent intervals based on a threshold and frame length.
2213	The `phase_vocoder` function takes a complex matrix `D`, a sampling rate `rate`, and an optional hop length `hop_length`. It computes a phase-advanced version of the input matrix by interpolating linearly between the magnitudes of the neighboring samples and accumulating the phase advances.
2214	Convert amplitude to decibels using a reference power.
2215	Computes a spectrogram from input audio data.
2216	This function performs harmonic-percussive separation on an audio file, tracks beats, and saves the results to a CSV file.
2217	Decomposes a matrix `S` into components using NMF, optionally fitting the transformer, and returns the components and activations.
2218	Filters a self-similarity matrix using a specified aggregation function and returns the result.
2219	This function filters a matrix `S` based on recurrence matrix `R_data` and indices `R_indices`. It calculates the aggregate of neighbors based on the recurrence matrix and weights, and returns the filtered matrix.
2220	This function computes the Mel filterbank weights for a given audio signal.
2221	This function computes chroma features for a given audio signal using the Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).
2222	The function `__float_window` takes a window specification and returns a window of a specified length. It first calculates the minimum and maximum indices of the window, then retrieves the window using the `get_window` function. If the length of the window is less than the specified length, it pads the window with zeros. Finally, it returns the window.
2223	This function generates a set of filters for a constant-Q transform, applying a windowing function and normalizing the filters.
2224	This function calculates the lengths of constant-Q filters for a given audio signal.
2225	Convert CQT to chroma representation.
2226	Calculates the window bandwidth for a given window function and returns the result.
2227	This function takes a window specification, a number of samples `Nx`, and an optional parameter `fftbins`. It returns a window function based on the input.
2228	This function generates a multirate filterbank using the `scipy.signal.iirdesign` function, given center frequencies, sample rates, and other parameters.
2229	This function converts MIDI notes to Hz and generates sample rates based on tuning.
2230	Fills a windowed signal with a window function.
2231	This function computes the squared windowed sum of a signal for each frame in a sequence.
2232	Filters a window using a diagonal transformation and normalization.
2233	Computes the spectral centroid of a signal using the FFT and normalizes it.
2234	This function computes the spectral rolloff of a signal, which is the frequency at which the energy of the signal drops below a specified percentage of the total energy.
2235	Calculates spectral flatness of a signal.
2236	This function computes the coefficients of a polynomial fit to the spectrogram of a signal.
2237	Calculates the zero crossing rate of an audio signal.
2238	Computes chroma features from a spectrogram.
2239	This function computes the Chroma CQT (Constant-Q Transform) of a given audio signal, applying various parameters such as sampling rate, hop length, and window type.
2240	Computes Mel spectrogram from audio signal.
2241	Calculates the Jaccard similarity between two intervals.
2242	Identifies the best interval overlap for a given query and intervals.
2243	This function takes two lists of intervals and returns a list of indices indicating which intervals overlap with the given query intervals.
2244	This function checks if the input intervals are valid and then attempts to match them. If the intervals are empty, it raises a `ParameterError`. If the intervals are not valid, it raises a `ParameterError`. If the intervals are valid, it attempts to match them and returns the result. If an error occurs during the matching process, it re-raises the error with a custom message.
2245	This function checks if two lists of events can be matched based on certain conditions, raising errors if the conditions are not met. It then returns an array of matched items.
2246	This function calculates the salience of a signal by interpolating harmonics, applying an aggregation function, filtering peaks, and filling missing values.
2247	Interpolates harmonics of a signal based on given frequencies and range.
2248	Interpolates 1D harmonic data using a linear interpolation method.
2249	This function computes the harmonics of a 2D signal by iterating over each value in the non-interpolated axis and computing the harmonics for that value.
2250	Loads audio from a file, handling both soundfile and audioread loaders, and optionally resampling and transposing the data.
2251	This function reads audio from a file, applies a specified offset and duration, and returns the audio data and sample rate.
2252	Convert stereo audio to mono by averaging across channels.
2253	Resample audio signal from one sampling rate to another using specified resampling type.
2254	Computes the autocorrelation of a signal using FFT and returns the result.
2255	Summarize the function `lpc` that calculates the least squares prediction coefficients for a given audio signal `y` and order `order`.
2256	This function computes a click signal based on the provided parameters and returns it.
2257	Generates a cosine signal with specified frequency, sampling rate, length, and phase.
2258	Generates a chirp signal with specified frequency range, sampling rate, and duration.
2259	This function returns a set of files in a specified directory with given extensions.
2260	Resamples a WAV file at a specified speed.
2261	This function parses command-line arguments for input and output files and a speed factor, returning them as a dictionary.
2262	Loads a wav file, separates components, saves results.
2263	This function estimates the beat track of a given audio signal using onset strength and tempo estimation.
2264	This function processes an onset envelope to detect beats at a specified BPM, using a dynamic programming approach. It returns an array of frame numbers representing the detected beats.
2265	Calculates the local score using a convolution with a window.
2266	This function calculates the beat track using dynamic programming, considering the previous beat window and the tightness parameter. It returns the beat locations and cumulative scores.
2267	Returns the index of the last beat in the cumulative score.
2268	This function converts a recurrence matrix to a lag matrix by applying a rolling operation along the specified axis.
2269	This function takes a 2D sparse or dense lag matrix and returns a recurrence matrix by rolling the lag matrix along the specified axis.
2270	Decorates a function to apply a time-lag filter to its input.
2271	This function takes a dataset and a list of frame indices, then returns a list of segment boundaries.
2272	This function performs agglomerative clustering on a dataset, identifying change points based on the labels.
2273	Enhances an image by applying a series of Gaussian filters with varying kernel sizes and ratios.
2274	Detects onset times in a WAV file and saves them to a CSV file.
2275	This function takes a numpy array `y` and computes a frame of size `frame_length` with a hop length of `hop_length`. It checks for various input conditions and raises errors if they are not met. The function then computes the number of frames that will fit in the buffer and uses `as_strided` to create a new array `y_frames` containing the frames.
2276	Validates audio data for monophonic and finite values.
2277	Validates and casts a number to an integer.
2278	This function pads or truncates a given array to a specified size along a specified axis.
2279	Sorts a 2D array along a specified axis and returns the sorted array along with the corresponding indices.
2280	Normalizes an array `S` using a specified norm and threshold, filling small values with a specified fill value.
2281	`localmax` function computes the local maximum of a 2D array `x` along a specified axis, considering edge padding.
2282	This function identifies peaks in a signal by sliding windows and applying filters to find the maximum and average values. It then masks out values below a certain threshold and returns the indices of the peaks.
2283	This function takes a 1D or 2D array `x` and a quantile `quantile` as input, and returns a sparse matrix where only the elements with magnitudes above the specified quantile are retained.
2284	Rolls a sparse matrix along a specified axis by a given shift.
2285	Convert a buffer to a float array.
2286	Convert indices to slices based on fixed frames.
2287	This function synchronizes data by applying an aggregation function along specified axes.
2288	Softmask function computes a soft mask between two arrays based on their maximum values and power.
2289	Returns the smallest positive floating-point number of the specified type.
2290	Converts a directory of frames to a video using OpenCV.
2291	Reads an image from a video capture device and caches it.
2292	This method retrieves a frame from a video capture device based on the provided frame ID, handling caching and position updates.
2293	Convert frames from a directory to individual images.
2294	Tracks progress of function execution with a progress bar.
2295	Tracks parallel progress of function execution across multiple tasks.
2296	Flips an image horizontally or vertically.
2297	Rotates an image by a specified angle around a given center point, with optional scaling and border handling.
2298	Clips bounding boxes to fit within image dimensions.
2299	Scales bounding boxes by a given scale factor, optionally clipping them to a specified shape.
2300	This function crops and pads images based on bounding boxes and scales.
2301	This function pads an image with a specified value to a given shape.
2302	Pad an image to the nearest multiple of a given divisor.
2303	Transforms size by scaling factor.
2304	Resizes an image to a specified size using bilinear interpolation and returns the resized image along with the scaling factors.
2305	Resizes an image to match the dimensions of another image using bilinear interpolation.
2306	Rescales an image by a given scale factor.
2307	Registers a file handler for a given file format.
2308	Convert priority to integer or Priority enum value.
2309	Converts an array to a specified number of levels using linear interpolation.
2310	Displays an image in a window with an optional wait time.
2311	This function displays bounding boxes on an image using OpenCV, allowing customization of colors, thickness, and output options.
2312	This function reads a flow file or a numpy array, quantizes it if specified, and returns the flow as a numpy array.
2313	Writes a flow field to a file in binary format.
2314	Converts 2D or 3D flow fields to 2D images.
2315	This function loads a state dictionary into a PyTorch module, handling unexpected and missing keys, and optionally logging or raising errors based on the `strict` and `logger` parameters.
2316	Loads a checkpoint from a file or URL, updates the model's state dictionary, and returns the checkpoint.
2317	Converts a dictionary of tensors to CPU tensors.
2318	Saves a model checkpoint with optional optimizer state.
2319	Initializes an optimizer based on the provided input.
2320	Initializes a logger with specified log directory and level, adds a file handler if rank is 0, and returns the logger.
2321	Returns the learning rates of the optimizer.
2322	Inserts a hook into a sorted list based on its priority.
2323	Runs the training workflow with the specified number of epochs.
2324	Registers training hooks for learning rate, optimizer, checkpoint, and iteration timer.
2325	Converts a video file using ffmpeg with specified options and prints the command if requested.
2326	Resizes video file based on specified size or ratio, with optional options like log level and print command.
2327	Convert video with specified options.
2328	Convert a list of video files into a single video file using ffmpeg.
2329	Reads a file, skips lines, and appends lines with a prefix to a list.
2330	Convert a file into a dictionary with specified key type.
2331	Creates a 3x3 convolutional layer with specified input and output channels, including dilation.
2332	Convert dictionary to object with optional default arguments.
2333	Reads an image from a file or a NumPy array.
2334	Convert bytes to image using OpenCV.
2335	Writes an image to a file.
2336	Convert BGR image to grayscale with optional dimension preservation.
2337	Converts a grayscale image to BGR format.
2338	Converts an iterable to a specified type.
2339	Checks if a sequence is of a specific type.
2340	This function slices a list into sublists based on given lengths.
2341	This function checks prerequisites for a method and raises an error if any are missing.
2342	Calculates the average of the last `n` values for each key in `self.val_history` and `self.n_history`.
2343	Scatter data across devices using PyTorch.
2344	Convert color to tuple of RGB values.
2345	This function checks if a timer with the given ID exists in a dictionary `_g_timers`. If it does, it returns the time since the last check; otherwise, it initializes a new timer for the given ID.
2346	Starts the timer if not already running.
2347	Calculates the time elapsed since the timer started.
2348	Calculates the duration since the last check.
2349	Displays a flow visualization in a window.
2350	Convert flow to RGB using color wheel and ignore large values.
2351	Generates a color wheel with specified bin sizes.
2352	Calculates top-k accuracy for a model's output against a target.
2353	Scatter function for parallelizing data across multiple GPUs.
2354	Scatter inputs and kwargs across multiple GPUs.
2355	This method fetches a response from a URL, handling delays, timeouts, and retries based on configuration.
2356	Asynchronous method to handle JSON data with optional parameters.
2357	Asynchronous method to retrieve text from AWS with specified encoding and error handling.
2358	Handles AWS callback, logs errors, returns result and response.
2359	This method handles multiple HTTP requests concurrently and yields the responses.
2360	This method initializes a `Request` object with various parameters, including URL, method, callback, encoding, headers, metadata, request configuration, and request session.
2361	Starts the master process, handles requests, and manages worker tasks.
2362	Normalizes a task by parsing arguments, handling shell conversion, and updating the task dictionary.
2363	This function parses YAML data, adds line numbers to nodes, and constructs a mapping with filename and line number keys.
2364	Joins distribution name and version with a hyphen.
2365	Generates the base name for an archive using the specified tag information.
2366	This method reads setup.cfg requirements, merges them with setup.py's, and writes the updated metadata back to the file.
2367	This method processes an egg-info directory to create a distribution directory, copying metadata, dependencies, and license files.
2368	Convert text to Activity with optional speak and input hint.
2369	Convert a list of card actions into an activity with suggested actions.
2370	Summarizes the `attachment` method in a concise manner.
2371	Convert a list of attachments into an activity with specified text, speak, and input hint.
2372	Creates an attachment activity with specified content type, URL, and optional name, text, speak, and input hint.
2373	Creates a trace activity with specified properties.
2374	Sets the telemetry client.
2375	This method reads data from a CosmosDB container based on a list of keys, sanitizing the keys and constructing a query to retrieve the corresponding documents. It returns a dictionary where each key is the real ID of the document and the value is a `StoreItem` object.
2376	This method writes changes to a CosmosDB container asynchronously, handling both new and updated documents based on their etags.
2377	This method deletes items from a Cosmos DB container based on a list of keys. It first checks if the database and container exist, creating them if necessary. It then iterates over the list of keys, deleting each item using the Cosmos DB client. If an HTTP failure occurs, it raises the exception with the status code. If a type error occurs, it raises the exception.
2378	Convert result to StoreItem dict with e_tag
2379	Creates a dictionary from non-magic attributes of a `StoreItem`.
2380	Sanitizes a key by replacing forbidden characters with '*' and their Unicode code points.
2381	Creates a database and container using the provided client and configuration.
2382	This method queries CosmosDB for a database with a given ID and returns its ID if found, or creates it if it doesn't exist.
2383	This method queries CosmosDB for a container with a given name and returns its ID. If the container does not exist, it creates it.
2384	This method processes a query result and generates an event data object with properties and metrics based on the query results and context.
2385	Convert an activity to a conversation reference.
2386	Returns the name of a step based on its index, with a default name if none is provided or if the name contains a ">" character.
2387	Determines if the number of suggested actions is within the allowed limit for the specified channel.
2388	Checks if the number of buttons is within the maximum allowed for the specified channel.
2389	Returns the channel ID from the turn context if available, otherwise returns an empty string.
2390	The method checks if an authorization header is from a Bot Framework Emulator token by verifying the scheme, token format, and issuer.
2391	Convert a `HeroCard` to an `Attachment`.
2392	This method initializes or updates the `_params` attribute based on the `_definition` attribute, recursively extending the `_params` list with the parameters from each sub-instruction.
2393	Creates a mirrored version of the current instance.
2394	Inverts the quantum gate definition.
2395	This method checks if the input classical register is valid and if the control value is non-negative, then sets the control register and value for the method.
2396	Copies the object and optionally sets a new name.
2397	If control is None, return string; otherwise, return "if(%s==%d) " % (control[0].name, control[1]) + string
2398	Generates QASM code for a quantum circuit with optional parameters.
2399	This method takes a circuit, runs a series of passes on it, and returns the modified circuit.
2400	This method processes a pass in a DAGCircuit, handling requires, transformations, and analyses, updating the valid_passes property.
2401	Convert working list to list of pass dumps
2402	Converts a `FlowController` object to a dictionary.
2403	Creates a controller based on the given conditions.
2404	Appends a new `UBase` object to the list with specified parameters.
2405	This function returns the parameters for a single gate based on its type.
2406	Convert sym to floats for better performance in simulator.
2407	Generates a string for numpy.einsum function based on input indices and output tensor.
2408	Combines indices into matrix multiplication string format for numpy.einsum function
2409	This function generates the indices for a matrix multiplication operation in a quantum circuit using the Einstein summation convention.
2410	Convert a quantum circuit to a directed acyclic graph (DAG).
2411	`exp_fit_fun` computes an exponential function with parameters `a`, `tau`, and `c`.
2412	It computes an oscillatory function.
2413	Plot coherence data with error bars and a fitted line.
2414	Calculates mean and standard deviation of a given array.
2415	Plot RB data with error bars, fit, and survival probability.
2416	This function groups runs based on whether they contain parameterized nodes.
2417	`compose_u3` takes four angles and returns the composed unitary matrix.
2418	Convert Euler angles from YZY to ZYZ and check if the rotation matrices are the same.
2419	This function validates a quantum state by checking its shape and dimensions.
2420	Trims an image by removing the background.
2421	This function calculates the span of qubits in a quantum circuit based on the given instruction.
2422	Convert a quantum circuit to an instruction object.
2423	This method sets the layout of a quantum circuit based on the best subset of qubits available on a device.
2424	This function finds the best subset of qubits to connect in a graph using breadth-first search and returns the corresponding mapping.
2425	Appends a barrier gate to the circuit with the specified qubits.
2426	Calculates the average of data based on counts and observable values.
2427	This method processes a node in a quantum circuit, returning a list of tuples representing the register and index of the bit or qubit.
2428	This method processes a custom unitary node, handling arguments and bitlist children, and constructs a DAG operation based on the gate definition.
2429	This method processes a gate node, setting its properties such as print, opaque, number of arguments, number of bits, and body based on the node's attributes.
2430	This method processes a quantum circuit node by applying a controlled-NOT (CNOT) gate between two qubits based on their bit IDs. It checks if the qubit IDs are of the same length or if they are both single-qubit. If not, it raises an error. It then applies the CNOT gate to the qubits at the specified indices.
2431	This method processes two bit IDs, checks for size mismatch, and applies a measure operation to the corresponding qubits.
2432	Processes a node by setting a condition and recursively processing its children.
2433	Creates a quantum operation based on the given name and parameters.
2434	Calculates the total duration of channels.
2435	Returns the start time of the first channel in the list.
2436	Calculates the stop time for a list of channels.
2437	Iterates over child schedules, yielding instructions with adjusted times.
2438	Checks if the value matches the expected types and raises an error if not.
2439	This method updates `valid_data` with additional keys from `original_data` if `many` is `True`.
2440	This method adds missing keys from `original_data` to `valid_data` if `many` is `True`.
2441	Creates a validation schema from a given schema class.
2442	Validates an instance against a schema, raising a `ModelValidationError` if validation fails.
2443	This method wraps an initialization method to validate its arguments against a schema before calling it.
2444	Convert schema dump to dictionary, handle validation errors, raise ModelValidationError if validation fails.
2445	Convert dictionary to model instance with validation.
2446	Applies QFT to a quantum register.
2447	This function computes the partial trace of a vector across specified subsystems.
2448	Convert a density matrix to a vector using specified method.
2449	Convert a vectorized square matrix to a tensor using specified method.
2450	This function computes the Choi-Rauli matrix for a given Choi state and order.
2451	Chops small values from an array to zero.
2452	Calculates the outer product of two vectors.
2453	Calculates the concurrence of a given state vector.
2454	Calculates Shannon entropy of a probability vector.
2455	Calculates entropy of a state vector.
2456	Calculates mutual information between two parts of a quantum state.
2457	Calculates entanglement of formation for a given state vector or 2-qubit density matrix.
2458	Calculates the Shannon entropy of a quantum state.
2459	Flattens a schedule component by combining its instructions into a single schedule with an optional name.
2460	Shifts a schedule component by a given time and optionally renames it.
2461	Inserts a child schedule component at a specified time in a parent schedule component.
2462	Appends a child to a parent schedule with common channels and insertion time.
2463	Appends a U3 gate to the circuit with specified parameters and qubits.
2464	Returns a `BackendStatus` object with the backend's name, version, operational status, pending jobs, and status message.
2465	Starts the timer and sets the iteration count.
2466	Calculates the estimated time remaining based on the number of completed iterations.
2467	Disassembles a quantum object into circuits, run configuration, and user Qobj header.
2468	Calculates the Hamming distance between two strings.
2469	Convert axis rotation to quaternion.
2470	Convert Euler angles to a quaternion.
2471	Normalizes the quaternion data inplace if specified, otherwise returns a new normalized quaternion.
2472	Convert normalized data to a 3x3 matrix.
2473	Convert a 3x3 rotation matrix to Euler angles.
2474	This function processes data by keeping the top `number_to_keep` most common elements and calculating the rest's sum, then normalizing the values to get p-values.
2475	This function generates an HTML and JavaScript code to plot a histogram of data using the QVisualization library.
2476	Checks the type of a value in a standard way, failing quickly if invalid, and recursively checks each item in a collection.
2477	Check if the index `j` is within the valid range of the register.
2478	Checks if a matrix is square.
2479	Checks if a matrix is diagonal using numpy's `np.allclose` function with specified tolerance values.
2480	Checks if a matrix is symmetric.
2481	Checks if a matrix is Hermitian within a specified tolerance.
2482	Checks if a matrix is positive semidefinite.
2483	Checks if a matrix is an identity matrix, optionally ignoring phase, with specified tolerance.
2484	Checks if a matrix is unitary within specified tolerance.
2485	Converts a quantum channel to Choi representation based on the given representation type.
2486	Converts a quantum channel to a superoperator based on its representation.
2487	Convert data to Kraus representation based on the given representation type.
2488	Convert data to Chi representation based on the given representation type.
2489	Convert data to PTM representation based on the input representation.
2490	Convert data to Stinespring representation based on the given representation type.
2491	Convert data to operator based on the representation type.
2492	This function converts a quantum channel representation into a Choi matrix.
2493	Converts a Stinespring channel to an Operator representation.
2494	Transforms data to Choi matrix shape.
2495	Transforms data into a superoperator shape.
2496	Convert Kraus matrices to Choi matrices.
2497	Convert Choi-matrix to Kraus representation.
2498	Convert a list of stines to Kraus operators.
2499	Convert stinespring to choi representation
2500	Convert Kraus matrices to Stinespring representations.
2501	Convert Kraus matrices to superoperators.
2502	Transforms data from Pauli basis to Choi basis.
2503	Transforms data to Pauli basis with specified dimensions.
2504	Reshuffles and concatenates two matrices to form a new tensor.
2505	Transforms data from Pauli basis to a new basis.
2506	Checks if the input and output dimensions are valid n-qubit channels.
2507	Hides tick lines and labels on an axis.
2508	Sets label conventions based on the given convention string.
2509	Clears all lists within the object.
2510	Appends vectors to the list if they are lists or numpy arrays.
2511	Adds an annotation to the object with a specified position, text, and options.
2512	This method renders a Bloch sphere plot with optional title and background settings.
2513	Plot a 3D sphere and its wireframe with equator lines.
2514	Displays the plot if it exists.
2515	`two_qubit_kak` function is deprecated and replaced by `synthesis.two_qubit_kak`.
2516	Formats the top of the layer with padding and centering.
2517	Formats the content within a specified width, applying left and right padding if specified.
2518	Formats the bot string with center alignment and padding.
2519	Returns the maximum length among the top, mid, and bottom lists.
2520	Convert parameters to strings.
2521	Generates a label for a box based on the instruction's name and parameters.
2522	Summarize the code method to return a LaTeX representation of a node, handling nested scopes and local parameter names.
2523	Transforms circuits, assembles them, and returns a runnable qobj.
2524	Adds a filter to ignore DeprecationWarnings from the qiskit module and ChangedInMarshmallow3Warning.
2525	This function returns a dictionary containing system information such as operating system, total memory, and the number of logical CPUs.
2526	Checks if a connection can be established to a given hostname and port.
2527	This function checks the status of a job, updates the status message, and waits until the job is done or cancelled.
2528	Creates a complex array filled with a constant value.
2529	This function computes a square wave with given parameters.
2530	This function generates a complex-valued triangle wave based on the given parameters.
2531	Calculates the cosine of a complex-valued signal.
2532	This function adjusts Gaussian samples by subtracting a zero offset, scaling the amplitude, and optionally returning the scale factor.
2533	Generates a Gaussian function with specified parameters and returns it along with the transformed x-values.
2534	Calculates the derivative of a Gaussian function.
2535	This function generates a Gaussian-squared signal within a specified range, with optional zeroing of the signal.
2536	Constructs a pass manager for a quantum circuit with default settings.
2537	Creates a pass manager with unroller, remove reset in zero state, depth, and fixed point pass.
2538	Checks if a given register is present in the quantum or classical registers of the quantum circuit.
2539	Creates a mirrored copy of the current object with a new name and appends mirrored instances to the mirrored data list.
2540	Creates a new circuit with the inverse of each operation in the original circuit.
2541	Appends an instruction to the quantum circuit with specified qubits and classical bits, ensuring compatibility and tracking of variable parameters.
2542	Appends an instruction, qargs, and cargs to the quantum circuit.
2543	Adds quantum and classical registers to the circuit.
2544	Checks for duplicate qubit arguments in a list.
2545	Checks if qargs are tuples of QuantumRegister and int, and if all registers are in the circuit.
2546	Checks if `cargs` is a list of tuples where each tuple contains a `ClassicalRegister` and an integer, and verifies that all registers are present in the circuit.
2547	Checks if two circuits are compatible by comparing their quantum and classical registers.
2548	Generates QASM code for quantum registers and instructions.
2549	Draws a circuit using Qiskit's visualization module.
2550	Calculates the number of non-barrier and non-snapshot gates in the data.
2551	Calculates the total size of all registers in the quantum and classical registers.
2552	Counts the number of occurrences of each instruction in a data structure.
2553	This function calculates the number of connected components in a quantum circuit represented by a list of instructions.
2554	Modifies a circuit by binding parameters from a dictionary.
2555	Sets the value of a parameter in a method.
2556	This function generates a plot of a pulse signal with real and imaginary parts, using cubic spline interpolation for smoothness and pseudo-DAC output for simplicity.
2557	This function searches for the best swap to add to a layout, recursively reducing the depth until a solution is found or the maximum depth is reached.
2558	Transform gates for layout, handle blocked qubits, and update remaining gates.
2559	Calculates the total distance of gates in a layout, considering a maximum number of gates.
2560	Calculates the number of two-qubit gates in a step, subtracting 3 for each swap added.
2561	Creates a new DAGCircuit with the same name and registers as the source DAG, adding a new quantum register for the coupling map's physical qubits.
2562	Transforms a gate for layout by applying mapped to qargs to both DAGNode and op device_qreg
2563	Transforms an edge into a quantum swap operation.
2564	This method runs a transpiler on a given DAG, applying a coupling map to map virtual gates to physical qubits. It checks the layout and coupling map sizes, applies swaps to find the best mapping, and then replaces the DAG with the mapped version.
2565	Adds a physical qubit to the coupling graph.
2566	Adds an edge between two physical qubits.
2567	This method creates a subgraph of the current graph based on a list of nodes, adds physical qubits for any nodes not already present in the subgraph, and returns the resulting subgraph.
2568	Returns a sorted list of physical qubits.
2569	Checks if the graph is weakly connected.
2570	Computes the distance matrix for a graph.
2571	Calculates and returns the distance between two physical qubits in a coupling graph.
2572	Transpile circuits using the specified backend, basis gates, coupling map, initial layout, and seed mapper.
2573	Appends a `Cu1Gate` to the circuit with specified parameters.
2574	Reverses the order of instructions in the list.
2575	Applies a conditional gate to each instruction in the circuit.
2576	Modifies the circuit by applying conditional gates based on classical values.
2577	Subscribes a callback to an event, raising an error if the callback is not callable or if the event is not already subscribed.
2578	Dispatches events to subscribers based on the event type.
2579	Removes a callback from the list of subscribers for a given event.
2580	Dispatches an event to the broker.
2581	Initializes a quantum circuit with given parameters and qubits.
2582	Generates a quantum circuit to initialize a vector to zero by inverting the disentangling circuit.
2583	Decompose a quantum circuit into a series of rotations to disentangle each qubit.
2584	Calculates Bloch angles for two complex numbers.
2585	This function recursively multiplies a quantum gate on a quantum register with a list of angles, using a combination of CNOTs and rotations.
2586	Checks if a value is either `None` or a tuple of two elements, where the first element is an instance of `Register` and the second element is an integer.
2587	Creates a copy of the current object.
2588	Combines virtual to physical mappings from two layouts into a dictionary.
2589	Appends a Toffoli gate to the circuit with specified control and target qubits.
2590	Inserts a schedule component at a specified start time.
2591	Raises an error if the specified attribute is protected.
2592	Convert gates to indices based on qreg sizes.
2593	This method initializes a layout for a quantum circuit based on the input DAG and the coupling map, ensuring compatibility and randomness.
2594	This method updates a DAGCircuit based on a given layout and layer list, handling multi-qubit gates and swaps.
2595	Generates a Pauli group for a given number of qubits, sorting by weight or tensor order.
2596	This function takes a label string and returns a Pauli string object with the specified Pauli operators.
2597	Initializes the object with boolean vectors `z` and `x`.
2598	Calculates the product of two Pauli operators and returns the resulting Pauli operator and its phase.
2599	Converts the quantum circuit to an operator.
2600	Converts a string label into a quantum circuit instruction.
2601	Updates the boolean array `z` based on the provided indices.
2602	Updates the array `x` based on the provided indices.
2603	Inserts Pauli operators at specified indices in a quantum circuit.
2604	Appends Paulis to the circuit.
2605	Deletes specified qubits from the quantum state.
2606	Generates random binary vectors for quantum state preparation.
2607	Applies a Pauli operator to a specific qubit.
2608	This method calculates the probability of a qubit being in state '0' or '1' based on the statevector and a random number.
2609	This method computes the probabilities and samples from a quantum state vector based on a set of measurement parameters.
2610	Updates classical and quantum states based on measure outcome.
2611	Updates quantum state based on measure outcome.
2612	If initial statevector is not set, return. Check statevector length matches number of qubits. If not, raise error.
2613	Initializes the statevector based on the provided initial state or default state.
2614	Convert statevector to complex array, stack real and imaginary parts, truncate small values.
2615	This method checks if measure sampling should be disabled based on the number of shots and the configuration of the experiment.
2616	Runs a quantum job using the specified backend and options.
2617	This method runs a quantum job, collects results, and returns a summary of the job's execution.
2618	Validates the number of qubits in a quantum circuit against a maximum limit. Logs warnings for circuits without classical registers or missing measurements.
2619	Validates initial unitary shape.
2620	Initializes the unitary matrix based on the provided initial unitary or sets it to the identity matrix if none is provided.
2621	Expands complex numbers, stacks real and imaginary parts, and truncates small values.
2622	Runs a job by executing experiments in a quantum object and returns the results.
2623	This method validates the number of qubits in a quantum circuit, ensuring it does not exceed the maximum allowed by the configuration. It also sets the number of shots to 1 for circuits that do not support it.
2624	Checks if an object is a bit type.
2625	This method initializes a layout for a quantum circuit based on the number of qubits in the input DAG and the coupling map of the device.
2626	Checks if two intervals overlap.
2627	Shifts the interval by a given time.
2628	Shifts the interval by the given time and returns a new Timeslot object.
2629	Returns the earliest start time of specified channels.
2630	Calculates the maximum stop time across specified channels.
2631	Checks if a given set of timeslots can be merged with the current table.
2632	Combines two `TimeslotCollection` instances by extending the first with the second's slots.
2633	Shifts each slot's interval by the given time and returns a new TimeslotCollection.
2634	This method reports a commit or issue based on the provided branch and commit details.
2635	Convert Pauli group to labels and values, then map to result dictionary.
2636	This function generates an interactive plot of a Pauli vector using the QVisualization library, allowing for slider and legend customization.
2637	Appends a RZZ gate to the circuit with specified parameters and qubits.
2638	Appends Fredkin gate to the circuit with specified control and target qubits.
2639	This method initializes backend properties, calculates swap reliability, and computes the cost of each gate and swap path.
2640	This method creates a program graph by mapping qubits to indices and calculating edge weights based on the two-qubit gates in a DAG.
2641	Selects the next edge from pending_program_edges if neither q1 nor q2 is mapped to prog2hw.
2642	Selects the best remaining circuit from a list based on cost.
2643	Selects the best remaining qubit based on reliability and readout errors.
2644	This method initializes the backend properties, creates a program graph, and then maps qubits to hardware using a greedy algorithm.
2645	Convert data to instruction list, recursively for composite gates.
2646	Reverses the order of gates in the data list and toggles the inverse flag.
2647	Applies `q_if` to each gate in the data list.
2648	`c_if` iterates over each gate in the data list, applies the `c_if` method to it with the given classical and value, and updates the data list with the results.
2649	Checks if the matrix is unitary within specified tolerances.
2650	Conjugates the data of an operator.
2651	Transposes the data of the operator.
2652	This method computes the power of an operator using NumPy's matrix_power function, ensuring the input and output dimensions match.
2653	Returns the dimensions of the output and input tensors in reverse order.
2654	Converts a quantum circuit to an operator.
2655	This method updates a DAGCircuit with a new layer and possibly swap gates based on the best layout and circuit.
2656	Splits a bitstring into substrings based on the specified register sizes.
2657	Convert memory to complex array and validate its shape.
2658	Convert memory to complex array and validate its shape.
2659	Convert memory to list of formatted counts
2660	Convert dictionary keys to formatted strings.
2661	Convert a statevector to a complex vector with specified decimal precision.
2662	Convert a matrix of states to a matrix of complex numbers.
2663	Decorator to check if job is submitted before calling the function.
2664	Submits a job to the executor.
2665	Determines the status of a job based on its future state.
2666	Checks if a given frequency is within the specified range.
2667	This function generates an HTML page with a Bloch diagram for a given density matrix `rho` and optional figure size.
2668	This method retrieves the Qubit LO frequencies from a user configuration, copying the default frequencies if they exist, and updating them with the user's specified frequencies. If the default frequencies are not found, it raises a PulseError.
2669	This method retrieves measurement frequencies from a user configuration, handling default frequencies if not specified.
2670	Unroll a DAG to a given basis by recursively expanding non-basis nodes.
2671	This function generates an interactive 3D quantum sphere plot from a given density matrix using the qVisualization library.
2672	Calculates the binomial coefficient n choose k.
2673	Calculates the dual index of a list based on the given parameters.
2674	Plot a state vector in a 2D bar chart using Matplotlib.
2675	This function retrieves unique hardware backends from IBMQ, excluding those that are simulators.
2676	The method checks if the 'type' key exists in the data_dict and if its value is 'op'. If not, it raises a QiskitError. Otherwise, it returns the value associated with the 'op' key.
2677	`constant` generates a sampled pulse with specified duration and amplitude, optionally named.
2678	`zero` generates a `SamplePulse` with a specified duration and optional name.
2679	This function generates a sampled square pulse with given parameters.
2680	Generates a sawtooth pulse with specified duration, amplitude, period, phase, and name.
2681	Generates a sampled triangle pulse with given parameters.
2682	Generates a sampled cosine pulse with given parameters.
2683	Generates a sampled sine wave pulse.
2684	Generates a Gaussian pulse with specified duration, amplitude, and standard deviation.
2685	Generates a Gaussian pulse with specified duration, amplitude, and standard deviation.
2686	Generates a Gaussian pulse with specified parameters.
2687	Calculates the distance between two points in axes coordinates.
2688	Converts a quantum register to a string representation with indentation.
2689	Verifies backend instantiation and raises an error if it fails.
2690	This method renames a register in a quantum circuit, raising an error if the new name already exists or if the register does not exist. It updates the register's name in both quantum and classical registers, and modifies the names of any edges that reference the old register name.
2691	Removes all nodes named `opname` from the graph.
2692	Adds a quantum register to the circuit.
2693	Adds a classical register to the circuit.
2694	Adds a wire to the circuit, updating the input and output maps, and creating nodes and edges in the multi-graph.
2695	Verifies if a condition is valid for a given name and checks if the condition's first element's name is not in the circuit's registers.
2696	Extracts all bits from a condition in a quantum register.
2697	Adds a new operation node to the graph.
2698	This method applies an operation to a quantum circuit, updating the circuit's structure and adding new edges to the graph.
2699	This method checks and validates edge map registers in a quantum circuit, ensuring they are correctly mapped and not duplicated.
2700	Validates wire mappings in a DAGCircuit.
2701	Maps a condition to a new condition based on a wire map.
2702	Extends the quantum and classical registers of a DAG with those not already present.
2703	This method composes a DAG circuit by mapping edges and applying operations based on the provided edge map.
2704	Checks if the number of wires in the node matches the expected number based on the number of qargs, cargs, and condition.
2705	Creates dictionaries mapping wires to predecessors and successors for a given node in a graph.
2706	This function computes the predecessor and successor maps for a given input circuit, handling both wire-mapped and non-wire-mapped nodes.
2707	Returns a list of nodes sorted in lexicographical order based on their qargs.
2708	Iterates over edges in a graph, yielding source, destination, and edge data.
2709	Returns a list of nodes of type 'op' that match the given operation type.
2710	Extracts gate nodes from a list of operations.
2711	Returns a list of nodes with specific names.
2712	Extracts two-qubit gates from a list of gate nodes.
2713	This method returns the predecessors of a given node in a directed graph.
2714	Identifies quantum predecessors of a node in a quantum graph.
2715	Summarize the `ancestors` method in one line.
2716	This method returns the successors of a given node in a quantum graph, filtering out successors that are quantum registers.
2717	Removes an operation node from the DAG circuit, replacing it with its successors.
2718	Removes ancestors of a node from a graph, handling deprecation warnings and removing nodes from the graph.
2719	Removes descendants of a node in a graph, warning if using node ID instead of DAGNode.
2720	Removes non-ancestors of a node from a DAG.
2721	Removes non-descendant nodes from a DAG.
2722	Convert DAGNodes into a format for multigraph addition, add nodes and edges to a multi_graph, and yield the resulting graph and partition.
2723	This method generates a DAGCircuit for each topological operation node, adding the operation's qubits and conditions to the new circuit. It also saves the support of the operation in a list and yields the new circuit along with its partition.
2724	This method iterates through nodes in a graph, counting multiedges and determining the next layer of nodes to visit based on their in-degree.
2725	Collects runs of gates on the same qubit(s) from a given list of nodes.
2726	This method iterates through the nodes on a given wire in a circuit, yielding only the operations (ops) on that wire, unless specified otherwise.
2727	Counts the number of operations for each node in a topological operation graph.
2728	Returns a dictionary containing various properties of the object.
2729	Creates a new TomographyBasis object with optional preparation and measurement functions.
2730	Summarize the code method to capture the core idea of checking Pauli measurement basis and applying the appropriate gate.
2731	Generates a dictionary containing tomography circuits and labels for both measurement and preparation bases.
2732	`process_tomography_set` takes parameters for measurement and preparation qubits, and returns a tomography set.
2733	Creates tomography circuits for a given quantum circuit.
2734	This function processes tomography data, calculating counts, shots, and preparing circuits for measurement.
2735	This function calculates the marginal counts of measured qubits from a given dictionary of counts.
2736	Fits tomography data using specified method and options.
2737	This function performs a least squares fit on a given set of data using a specified trace and optional weights.
2738	Computes the projector for a given list of operations and basis.
2739	This function performs linear inversion on a set of frequencies using a set of operators and weights. It first constructs a basis matrix S from the operators, then computes the inverse of the matrix product of S^* and W^*. Finally, it applies the inverse to the frequencies to obtain the result.
2740	Redistribute eigenvalues less than epsilon to fill the diagonal of rho_wizard.
2741	This function calculates the Wigner data for a quantum circuit based on the measurement results and labels.
2742	Measures the quantum state using the specified measurement function.
2743	This function continuously checks the status of a job and updates the console output with the current status, adjusting the interval based on the job's position in the queue.
2744	This function monitors a job in a Jupyter notebook, updating the status every `interval` seconds.
2745	Convert a unitary matrix to Euler angles.
2746	Simplifies a U3 gate to a U1 or U2 gate based on specific conditions.
2747	This method checks if a layout is set and adds virtual qubits to a DAG if necessary.
2748	This function generates a widget displaying qubit properties and gate errors for a given backend.
2749	Creates a tabbed interface with three outputs for year, month, and week, and sets the default selected tab to 'Month'.
2750	This function plots job history by binning jobs based on the specified interval (year, month, or week) and displays the distribution of jobs in a pie chart.
2751	Draws a pulse diagram from the samples and duration of the quantum circuit.
2752	Appends a `Cu3Gate` to the circuit with specified parameters and control and target qubits.
2753	Constructs a quantum circuit with two qubits and two classical bits, applying Hadamard and controlled-X gates, and measuring the qubits.
2754	Transpiles a list of quantum circuits using the specified backend, basis gates, coupling map, and other parameters.
2755	Transpiles a quantum circuit using a specified pass manager or default settings.
2756	Executes quantum circuits on a specified backend with various options.
2757	Returns the first drive channel if available, otherwise raises an error.
2758	Returns the first control channel if available, otherwise raises an error.
2759	Returns the first measurement channel if available, otherwise raises an error.
2760	Returns the first acquire channel if available, otherwise raises a PulseError.
2761	This function applies Hadamard gates and controlled rotations to a quantum state.
2762	Assembles circuits or schedules based on input type.
2763	Removes all handlers from the Qiskit logger.
2764	This function generates an HTML page with a Hinton plot of a given state vector `rho` using the `qVisualization` library.
2765	This function computes the process fidelity between two quantum channels, checking for CPTP and dimension compatibility.
2766	Sets `data` as `self.data` and initializes the lexer with `data`.
2767	Removes the top element from the stack and updates the filename and lineno attributes.
2768	Appends a lexer to the stack and sets its properties.
2769	This method creates a new DAGCircuit from a given DAG, simulating the unitary operations of the blocks in the DAG.
2770	Returns the bound method for the given instruction type, or raises a PulseError if not found.
2771	Converts an instruction into a QobjModel with specified parameters and options based on the measurement level.
2772	Convert frame change command to quantum object model.
2773	Converts a persistent value command into a quantum object model.
2774	Convert drive command with specified shift and instruction details.
2775	Converts a snapshot command into a quantum object model.
2776	Updates annotations of a function by adding a 'duration' key with an integer value.
2777	Generates a decorated sampler function from a continuous pulse function.
2778	Filters backends based on configuration and status criteria.
2779	Resolves backend name by checking deprecated and aliased names, then verifying availability and raising an error if not found.
2780	Convert a directed acyclic graph (DAG) to a quantum circuit.
2781	Convert a matrix to a dictionary with binary keys and corresponding values.
2782	Updates symbol table with new object if name already exists, raises error otherwise.
2783	Verifies gate arguments against formal parameters, raising an error if a symbol is not found or not declared as a bit.
2784	Verifies expressions in a tree structure, ensuring all Ids resolve to the current symbol table.
2785	Verifies if a gate or opaque call is valid based on its name, number of bits, and arguments.
2786	Verifies that the object's type matches the expected type and that its index is within the valid range.
2787	Verifies each child in the object's children list, ensuring they are bitlists or idlists.
2788	Calculates the column number of a token in a given input string.
2789	Sets `parse_deb` based on the input value.
2790	Parses data using a parser, raising an exception if parsing fails.
2791	Runs the parser on the input data twice and prints the AST.
2792	This method reads a file, parses it using a QasmParser, and returns the parsed data.
2793	Appends a `CrzGate` to the circuit with specified parameters and control and target qubits.
2794	Convert binary string to complex state vector.
2795	Projector matrix calculation.
2796	Calculates the purity of a quantum state.
2797	This method initializes a dictionary to track the gates on each qubit and their commutation sets, then iterates through the dag to update the commutation sets based on the edges and gates.
2798	Creates a widget displaying backend information, including configuration, properties, and performance metrics.
2799	This method updates backend information every 60 seconds, handling exceptions and updating UI elements based on backend status and pending jobs.
2800	Creates a progress bar widget with labels for current and maximum values.
2801	This method processes a DAG by collecting runs, partitioning them into chunks with equal gate arguments, simplifying each chunk, and removing nodes from the DAG based on the simplified chunks.
2802	This method checks for a backend that matches the given criteria and returns the first one found. If no backend matches, it raises a `QiskitBackendNotFoundError`.
2803	Returns the shape of the bipartite graph.
2804	Generates the maximum index for each unique bit label in a list.
2805	Truncates a float to a specified number of decimal places.
2806	Generates LaTeX code for a poster with specified image dimensions and layout.
2807	Calculates the total width of an image based on the operations and parameters in a quantum circuit.
2808	This method calculates the dimensions for a Beamer page based on the sum of row and column heights, ensuring the image does not exceed a specified limit.
2809	Loads a JSON schema from a file and caches it in a dictionary.
2810	This function initializes a validator for a given schema, checking for schema validity and storing it in a dictionary.
2811	Loads schemas and validators from specified paths.
2812	Validates JSON against a schema, raising a custom error if validation fails.
2813	This function formats error messages with nested contexts, padding each level of nesting.
2814	`majority` function updates the values of `p.cx` and `p.ccx` based on the input parameters `a`, `b`, and `c`.
2815	`unmajority` takes four parameters and applies a series of conditional operations to them.
2816	Generates LaTeX source code for a quantum circuit.
2817	Draws a circuit using Matplotlib.
2818	Generates a random unitary matrix of a given dimension using the Gram-Schmidt process.
2819	Generates a random density matrix based on the specified method.
2820	Generates a complex Gaussian matrix of size `nrow x ncol` with optional seed for reproducibility.
2821	Generates a random Hermitian matrix and normalizes it by its trace.
2822	Generates a random density matrix using a unitary matrix and a Ginibre matrix.
2823	Returns a list of names of children of type "custom_unitary".
2824	This method calculates the power of a quantum circuit matrix using NumPy's `matrix_power` function.
2825	This method computes the tensor contraction indices from input and output dimensions, reshapes the current matrix, and returns a SuperOp object.
2826	Converts a quantum circuit to an instruction and initializes an identity superoperator of the correct size.
2827	This method identifies final operations in a DAG, creates a new layer with barriers, and merges it with the original DAG.
2828	Converts a list of quantum circuits to a Qobj object.
2829	Unroll 3q+ gates using a rule from the node's operation definition, recursively unrolling the resulting DAG.
2830	This method takes a DAG and expands each non-basis node using a decomposition rule defined by the node's operation.
2831	Defines quantum circuit based on number of qubits.
2832	This method checks the type of a value against a specified type and raises a validation error if the type does not match.
2833	This method checks the type of each element in a list and raises a ValidationError if any element fails the check.
2834	Sets the absolute tolerance for floating-point comparisons.
2835	Sets the relative tolerance for comparison in quantum algorithms.
2836	Reshapes the input and output dimensions of a quantum circuit.
2837	Returns a tuple of input dimensions for specified indices.
2838	Returns dimensions of the output based on specified indices.
2839	Creates a copy of the object.
2840	This method computes the power of a quantum circuit by composing it with itself `n` times.
2841	Calculates the number of qubits required for a quantum circuit based on the given dimensions.
2842	This method computes the matrix multiplication of a tensor and a matrix using Einstein summation notation.
2843	Handles deserialization errors by modifying the error message if a specific schema selector is found.
2844	Handles serialization with validation for invalid schema.
2845	This method checks the type of a given value against a list of choices, raising a validation error if the type does not match any of the choices.
2846	Calculates fidelity between two quantum states or density matrices.
2847	Computes the singular value decomposition of a matrix using the `gesvd` function from the `scipy.linalg` module, applies a function to the singular values, and returns the resulting matrix.
2848	Returns a new `Snapshot` object with the same parameters.
2849	Sets `_label` to `name` if `name` is a string, otherwise raises a `TypeError`.
2850	Checks if the operator is unitary within specified tolerances.
2851	Convert representation and data to an operator with specified dimensions.
2852	Converts a quantum channel to an instruction.
2853	Converts input to QuantumChannel subclass or regular matrix Operator.
2854	Sorts an enumeration for a model.
2855	Patch the `strptime` function to include additional locale-specific information.
2856	Returns a locale map based on specified parameters.
2857	Iterates over loaded data, yielding each locale.
2858	The method checks if all tokens in a list are valid based on a cache and a set of rules.
2859	Splits a string into tokens, applying regex and known words splitting, and returns a list of tokens.
2860	This function parses a date string using a specified parser and returns the parsed date object.
2861	Convert date string to time using `time_parser` if possible, otherwise return `None`.
2862	Determines if a date string is applicable based on settings and normalization.
2863	Translates a date string using a dictionary and relative translations, handling normalization and formatting.
2864	This function parses a date string using specified formats and settings, adjusting the date to the last day of the month if the format does not include the day, and then applies timezone settings.
2865	Generates an ammo reader based on specified URI or ammo file.
2866	Convert a string to a network error code based on the exception.
2867	Convert string to integer if length is less than or equal to 3, otherwise return 0.
2868	This method initializes configuration settings for a testing framework, including setting up logging, creating temporary log files, and configuring streams for testing.
2869	Generates a phantom configuration file based on the streams and other settings.
2870	This method initializes a new object with properties derived from a list of streams, including statistics, steps, and other parameters.
2871	Generates a configuration string based on provided parameters.
2872	Logs stdout and stderr from file handles.
2873	Converts a time string to seconds, handling various units like ms, s, m, h, d, and w.
2874	Configures StepperWrapper with options from configuration file.
2875	This method prepares a stepper object by publishing information and updating its status based on the provided stepper_info.
2876	Generates a unique cache filename based on various configuration settings.
2877	Read cached stepper info from file.
2878	Saves stepper info to a file.
2879	Creates a stpd file with specified parameters.
2880	Creates a composite step from a list of step configurations or a single step configuration.
2881	Calculates the rate of service at time `t` within the given duration, using linear interpolation between `minrps` and `maxrps`.
2882	Executes a command and returns its return code. If the return code is non-zero, raises a RuntimeError.
2883	Decodes monitoring data into points.
2884	Generates a list of points for a given label, including overall quantiles, meta, net codes, proto codes, and histograms.
2885	Logs publishing status.
2886	Counts the number of codes that match a given regular expression in a dictionary.
2887	This method stops the execution of a task queue by finding the last active worker and waiting for it to finish.
2888	This method feeds data into a queue, handling worker termination and retrying when the queue is full.
2889	Initialize logging with a file handler and console handler, setting different log levels and formats for different handlers.
2890	Applies shorthand options to the core.
2891	Configures the core with options, handling lock failures and loading configurations.
2892	Shutdown gracefully by calling plugins_end_test and plugins_post_process methods, logging the process, and returning the return code.
2893	Collects data and stats from queues, logs timestamps, and notifies listeners based on timestamps.
2894	Iterate over listeners and call their `on_aggregated_data` method with `data` and `stats`.
2895	This function takes a marker type and an optional boolean flag for enum ammo, returns a marker object, or raises an error if the marker type is not recognized.
2896	Convert a duration string to milliseconds.
2897	Starts an agent on localhost with specified arguments and starts a reader thread.
2898	Starts an agent using SSH and sets up a reader thread to monitor its output.
2899	This method attempts to discover the UDP port used by JMeter by reading the process's stderr output, searching for a pattern that matches the port number, and returning the port if found within a specified number of attempts. If the port is not found after the attempts, it logs a warning and returns None.
2900	Modifies JMX file by removing unnecessary WorkBench checkbox and adding variables to JMeter XML.
2901	Terminates the process if it is still running after a timeout.
2902	This method reads data from a list of lines, splits each line into timestamp, rps, and instances, and appends a stats item to the results list if the current timestamp is greater than the last timestamp stored.
2903	Creates a criterion based on the given string.
2904	This method reads a configuration file, parses it, and extracts host configurations based on a target hint.
2905	Creates a new configuration file for agent startups using temporary files.
2906	This method checks disk usage, logs the result, and raises an error if the disk space is insufficient.
2907	Checks if there is enough memory available and raises an error if not.
2908	This function retrieves the terminal size by first trying to use `ioctl` to get the size directly from the console. If that fails, it falls back to using environment variables `LINES` and `COLUMNS` if they are set. If both methods fail, it defaults to a fixed size of 30x120.
2909	This method processes a widget output to ensure it fits within a specified width, applying markup and removing excess characters.
2910	Truncates a list of strings, applying markup and handling spaces.
2911	This method renders the left panel of a UI component, handling broken panels and truncating lines to fit the panel width.
2912	This method renders a terminal screen by calculating panel widths, rendering info widgets, and composing the final output.
2913	Adds a widget to the info_widgets dictionary if its index is not already present.
2914	This method calculates the width of the longest line in a list of prepared strings and appends a reset marker followed by spaces to each line to fill the width.
2915	Calculates the total length of a string or list after cleaning markup.
2916	Creates a load plan from instances schedule and returns the load plan object.
2917	Convert level to percentage if relative, otherwise return level.
2918	Adds a widget to the screen if it exists.
2919	This method handles making a request to a writer URL, retrying with different timeouts and handling network and maintenance errors.
2920	Loads plugins from configuration, handles deprecated names, and registers instances.
2921	Searches for a plugin of a specific type and returns the first one found, or raises an error if none are found.
2922	Search for plugins of a specific type and return them, or raise an error if not found.
2923	Collects a file to the artifacts directory, optionally keeping the original.
2924	Adds an artifact file to the collection with an optional flag to keep the original.
2925	Creates a temporary file in the specified directory with the given suffix and prefix.
2926	Read configs from files specified in `configs` and log errors if loading fails.
2927	Flushes the configuration to a file.
2928	This method retrieves options from a configuration file, filtering by a prefix if provided, and returns a list of tuples containing the option name and its value.
2929	Returns a list of section names that start with a given prefix.
2930	This method decodes statistics from a chunk, calculates instances based on certain conditions, and yields statistics items.
2931	Fetches cached information from a phantom object if available, otherwise returns None.
2932	This method prepares agents for hosts based on configuration settings.
2933	This method polls agents, collects data, and logs the time taken.
2934	Collects and sends collected data to listeners.
2935	This method checks for the presence of telegraf and monitoring configurations, raises an error if both are specified, and sets a default target if neither is specified.
2936	This method processes data items for a host, updating the sign and data values based on the comparison of current and previous values.
2937	Decodes agent data, calculates differences, and stores results.
2938	Subscribes to WebSocket and NATS channels based on input.
2939	Runs the subscription and event loop until closed.
2940	Closes WebSocket and Polygon objects if they are not None.
2941	This method handles HTTP requests, retries on rate limits, and raises appropriate exceptions based on the response status and content.
2942	Submits an order to the exchange with specified parameters.
2943	Returns an `Order` object from the API.
2944	Returns a `Position` object from the API response for a given symbol.
2945	Convert a list of assets from a response to a list of Asset objects.
2946	Returns an Asset object from the API.
2947	Creates a subplan for parallel execution of a join step within a pipeline.
2948	This function checks if the input object is a dictionary and returns it if true, otherwise raises an exception.
2949	Optimizes dictionary parameters with type checking and validation.
2950	Constructs an event logger using a callback function to record events.
2951	Constructs a JSON event logger.
2952	Read configuration from file and return an instance of the class with the configuration.
2953	This method reads index servers and finds the repository configuration based on the provided repository name.
2954	Convert a configuration dictionary into a GraphQL-formatted string.
2955	This method retrieves a pipeline from a cache, creating it if it doesn't exist, and validates its name against the dictionary keys.
2956	Returns a list of unique pipelines.
2957	The function `get_next_event` continuously retrieves events from a queue, handling the case where the process has died by attempting to retrieve events without blocking.
2958	Executes a pipeline through a queue, handling errors and finalizing the process.
2959	Joins processes until none are left or processing semaphore is unlocked.
2960	Creates a Field object with specified properties.
2961	Constructs an execution plan based on pipeline definition and artifacts persisted.
2962	This method builds an execution plan for a pipeline given a pipeline definition and environment configuration. It iterates over the solids in the pipeline, creating execution plan steps for each input, transform function, and output. The method constructs subplans for each input and output, and adds them to the execution plan. Finally, it builds and returns the execution plan.
2963	This function builds a pipeline definition by iterating over a list of solid names, mapping each solid to its corresponding definition, and then recursively finding the output handle for each input handle. It constructs a dependency dictionary that maps each solid to its input handles and their corresponding output handles.
2964	Adds a solid to the pipeline dictionary if it doesn't already exist.
2965	Constructs a list of publish commands based on additional steps and whether it's a nightly build.
2966	Releases a version by checking, setting, committing, and tagging it.
2967	Creates a pipeline context definition from a given context parameters.
2968	Transforms a configuration class into an input schema.
2969	This function wraps a function to select a specific item from a configuration value and returns a schema for the output.
2970	This method wraps a given text into lines, adjusting the indentation based on the provided prefix.
2971	Downloads a file from S3 using the provided context.
2972	Uploads a file to an S3 bucket.
2973	Handles user code errors by catching exceptions, raising them with appropriate error messages, and optionally re-raising them with additional context.
2974	Creates a directory and its parent directories if they do not exist.
2975	This code defines a context manager for handling user-defined functions with error handling and iteration.
2976	Creates a context-free log object with specified loggers.
2977	Checks if any step event is a success.
2978	Checks if all step events are skipped.
2979	Transforms values based on successful outputs.
2980	Transforms output value based on given output name.
2981	Returns step failure data for a given Dagster event type.
2982	Creates a permissive dictionary class with typed fields.
2983	Checks if the input string matches the specified regex pattern.
2984	Checks if the input string matches the pattern for a valid table name.
2985	Executes core transform for solid, yields results, logs debug and info messages.
2986	Convert a type to a Dagster type with optional parameters.
2987	The function `resource` takes two optional parameters, `config_field` and `description`, and returns a `ResourceDefinition` object. If `config_field` is callable, it returns a `ResourceDefinition` object with the `resource_fn` set to `config_field`. If `config_field` is not callable, it returns a `ResourceDefinition` object with the `resource_fn` set to `config_field` and the `description` set to `None`.
2988	Creates an EventV2 object with specified details.
2989	Coalesces execution steps by solid name.
2990	This method retrieves connection parameters from a dictionary, handling missing settings and setting default values.
2991	This method connects to a database using provided parameters, creates a new connection, and returns the database connection object.
2992	Creates a cursor object using the provided connection details.
2993	Closes the database connection.
2994	Transforms a dictionary into a model instance.
2995	Convert a list of model dictionaries to Python objects.
2996	Form field creation with default settings and keyword arguments.
2997	Convert Python object to model container instance.
2998	Applies filters to a queryset based on instance and core filters.
2999	Computes the normalized frequency of points within intervals defined by `sizes` and `cum_counts`.
3000	Computes the normalized fraction of points (NFPs) for each pair of intervals in a given set of counts and sizes.
3001	This function computes the optimal partitioning of a set of sizes into a specified number of partitions, ensuring that each partition has only one size.
3002	Optimal partitions are computed based on given sizes and counts, with a specified number of partitions.
3003	Calculates C1 and C2 based on given parameters.
3004	Initializes slots with a seed and parses hash values.
3005	Calculates the total size of a byte array based on the number of hash values and their size.
3006	Serializes a MinHash object into a buffer.
3007	Deserializes a LeanMinHash object from a buffer.
3008	Updates hash values using permutations and bitwise operations.
3009	Merges two MinHash objects by taking the minimum of their hash values.
3010	Combines multiple MinHash objects into a single MinHash object.
3011	This method initializes and populates a list of partitions based on the given entries, ensuring that each partition is optimized for efficient insertion.
3012	Iterates over index keys based on minhash and size.
3013	This method computes the minhash signature of a given vector `v` using a specified number of samples and dimensions.
3014	Removes a key from the dictionary by converting it to a string if necessary, checking if it exists, and then removing it from the hash tables.
3015	Updates a register based on the hash value of a byte.
3016	This method estimates the number of unique elements in a dataset using HyperLogLog algorithm.
3017	Merges two HyperLogLog objects if they have the same precision.
3018	Clears the `reg` attribute of the object to a zero array of size `self.m` with integer type.
3019	Calculates the precision of a prediction against a set of actual values.
3020	Calculates the average precision at k for each pair of actual and predicted labels.
3021	Sorts the keys of each hashtable in the `sorted_hashtables` list.
3022	This method queries a MinHash object for keys based on a specified number of permutations and returns the top k keys.
3023	Closes all hash tables and keys, sets initialized flag to False.
3024	This function creates a storage object based on the type specified in the configuration.
3025	Creates a storage object based on the type specified in the configuration.
3026	This method retrieves user data from a given object using a specified serializer.
3027	This method retrieves a social login object and sets its state to 'CONNECT'.
3028	Selects the preferred text from a list or string, preferring the first or common element if multiple are available.
3029	Convert macro to full path if scoped_selector starts with '%' and ends with '.value'.
3030	This method parses a statement from a source code, handling imports, includes, and assignments.
3031	The method iterates over a list of parsers, attempting to parse a value using each one. If a parser succeeds, it returns the parsed value. If all parsers fail, it raises a syntax error.
3032	Advances the current token to the next line.
3033	This method checks if the current token is an '@' symbol, and if so, parses a configurable reference by advancing tokens and handling parentheses.
3034	Reraises an exception with an augmented message.
3035	Converts a string of markdown configuration lines to markdown format.
3036	This method creates a Gin configuration file for a TensorFlow session, writes it to disk, and optionally summarizes it using Markdown.
3037	Wraps functions to handle special types.
3038	Decorates a function or class with a given decorator.
3039	Converts a value to a string representation, handling syntax errors gracefully.
3040	Clears configuration, constants, and modules.
3041	Modifies a Gin configuration parameter.
3042	This function checks if a parameter is bound to a configurable in a dictionary and raises an error if not.
3043	Determines if a function or class has a specific argument.
3044	This function retrieves the argument specification of a given function from a cache, or computes it if not already cached.
3045	Extracts positional parameter names from a function's argument specification.
3046	Returns positional parameter names from a function's argument specification.
3047	This function retrieves default parameter values for a given function, applying whitelisting and blacklisting rules to ensure only valid and representable values are used.
3048	Configures a scope based on the input, handling various types and validating the scope.
3049	Configures a function or class with specified attributes.
3050	This function generates a formatted string of Gin statements based on the provided configuration and registry.
3051	This function parses configuration bindings, handling imports, includes, and binding parameters based on specified skip_unknown settings.
3052	Registers a file reader function and its readability function.
3053	Parses a configuration file using specified readers and skips unknown entries.
3054	This function parses configuration files and bindings, optionally finalizing the configuration.
3055	This function checks if the input value is a string and raises a ValueError if it is not. It then uses the ConfigParser class to parse the value.
3056	Finalizes the configuration by checking for conflicts and updating bindings.
3057	Iterates over flattened values in a nested structure.
3058	Iterates over flattened values, yielding ConfigurableReference instances if they match the specified configuration or are None.
3059	This function checks if a constant name is valid and if it already exists, then sets the constant value.
3060	Convert enum class to dictionary of constants.
3061	This method returns a list of selectors that match a given partial selector.
3062	Returns a list of selectors mapped by their corresponding values.
3063	This method checks if a given complete selector exists in a selector map, splits it into components, and traverses a selector tree to find the corresponding node. If the selector is a substring of another selector, it returns the complete selector.
3064	Transforms query fields and values into a search query string.
3065	This method parses the 'Retry-After' header from a response, converting it to seconds, and returns the maximum of 0 and the calculated seconds.
3066	Validates a value against metadata and raises a PropertyError if the value is read-only or invalid.
3067	Convert metadata to description, add link if not present, and return description.
3068	Sets the value of the object, validates it, and then sets the value.
3069	Returns the thing at the given index if valid, otherwise returns None.
3070	Initializes `self.things` and `self.hosts` with the provided values.
3071	Sets default headers for HTTP requests.
3072	Check if the request's host is in a list of allowed hosts and raise an HTTPError if it is not.
3073	This method handles a request, retrieves a thing, sets a status if not found, and returns a JSON response with a WebSocket link if the request is for a WebSocket upgrade.
3074	Handles incoming messages, validates JSON, processes commands, and sends responses.
3075	Handles POST request for a thing, loads JSON body, performs action, and returns response.
3076	Deletes an action from a thing.
3077	Starts a service with specified details and listens on a port using Tornado.
3078	Convert object attributes to a dictionary with optional input and completion times.
3079	Start the process by setting the status to 'pending', notifying the thing, performing the action, and finishing the process.
3080	Sets status to 'completed', records timestamp, and notifies action.
3081	Convert object attributes to a dictionary.
3082	This function retrieves the IP address of the local machine.
3083	This function retrieves all IPv4 and IPv6 addresses from network interfaces, filters out link-local addresses, and returns them sorted.
3084	Sets the value and notifies external updates.
3085	Updates last value and emits update event if value changes.
3086	This method generates a JSON-like dictionary describing a thing, including its properties, actions, events, and links, based on the provided attributes and actions.
3087	Sets the href_prefix for all properties and actions in the object.
3088	Returns a dictionary of property descriptions.
3089	This method retrieves descriptions of actions based on the provided action name.
3090	Returns a list of event descriptions based on the provided event name or all events if no name is specified.
3091	Adds a property to the object with a specified href prefix.
3092	Removes a property from the dictionary if it exists.
3093	Retrieves a property value from the object.
3094	Returns a dictionary of property names and their values.
3095	Sets the value of a property in the object.
3096	This method checks if an action with a given name and ID exists in a dictionary of actions and returns the action if found, otherwise returns None.
3097	Adds an event to the list and notifies listeners.
3098	Adds an event with metadata to the available events dictionary.
3099	This method performs an action based on the provided action name and input, validating the input against the specified metadata, creating an action object, setting the href prefix, notifying the action, and appending the action to the list of actions.
3100	Removes an action from the actions dictionary based on name and ID.
3101	Adds an action to the available actions dictionary with metadata and class.
3102	Removes a subscriber from the list and removes all event subscribers for the given subscriber.
3103	Adds a WebSocket connection to the list of subscribers for a given event.
3104	Removes a WebSocket from a list of subscribers for a given event.
3105	This method sends a JSON message to all subscribers about a property's status.
3106	Sends an action status message to all subscribers.
3107	This method notifies subscribers of an event by sending a JSON message over a WebSocket.
3108	Modifies model fields based on annotations, renames them back after base class's annotate.
3109	Updates the model with the provided fields in a database transaction.
3110	Inserts rows into the database using Django's bulk_create method.
3111	Inserts a new record into the database using the provided fields and returns the primary key of the newly created record.
3112	Inserts and retrieves data into the database using Django's ORM.
3113	This method builds a PostgreSQL insert query from a list of dictionaries, ensuring each dictionary has the same number of fields. It handles cases where rows have different field configurations by raising an exception.
3114	Checks if a field modifies something upon insert.
3115	This method extracts fields from a model instance based on provided keyword arguments, categorizing them into insert and update fields.
3116	Handles model save events by sending signals based on the creation status.
3117	Handles model deletion by sending a signal.
3118	This function creates a case expression in Django ORM that returns a default value if any of the provided fields are `None`.
3119	Resolves nested expressions in a dictionary.
3120	Convert dictionary values to HSTORE format in SQL.
3121	Creates a new instance of the class with modified alias and target.
3122	Adds join conditions to the query based on the provided dictionary.
3123	Checks if a field is a HStoreField and returns its instance.
3124	Updates fields in a list of objects.
3125	Creates a HSTORE column with a specified key in a table.
3126	Rename required constraint in HSTORE table.
3127	Drops a HSTORE required constraint for a table field.
3128	Generates a required constraint name based on table, field, and key.
3129	Creates SQL statements for indexing in Django models.
3130	Creates a custom command class that inherits from BaseCommand and runs a list of commands using subprocess.
3131	This function retrieves the base database wrapper class for a PostgreSQL database, ensuring it is a valid and compatible back-end.
3132	Creates the "hstore" extension if it does not exist, logging a warning if the operation fails.
3133	Convert dictionary values to strings, handle expressions, and convert lists to strings.
3134	Returns a SQL query string for returning the primary key of the model.
3135	Transforms SQL queries into SQL strings.
3136	This method handles SQL insert operations with conflict resolution based on the specified action.
3137	Constructs an SQL update statement with conflict handling based on the provided query and parameters.
3138	This method constructs a SQL query to handle insert operations with conflict resolution, returning the updated or existing row.
3139	This method constructs a string representing a list of conflict target fields, handling both column names and hstore keys appropriately.
3140	This method normalizes field names and returns the corresponding field object from a model query.
3141	Formats a field name using a query name.
3142	Formats a field value for SQL insertion.
3143	Creates a unique constraint for a HSTORE field in a Django model.
3144	Rename a unique constraint in a PostgreSQL database using SQL.
3145	Drops a unique constraint on a HSTORE field in a Django model.
3146	Generates a unique constraint name for a table field based on the table name, field name, and a list of keys.
3147	Iterates over uniqueness keys, composing them and yielding results.
3148	Appends a condition to the `extra_conditions` list.
3149	Transforms the SQL query by adding extra conditions and formatting parameters.
3150	Calculates the 95% confidence level for a given sample size.
3151	Calculates the pooled sample variance of two datasets.
3152	Calculates the t-score for two samples.
3153	Determines if the t-score is significant based on the degrees of freedom and critical value.
3154	Topological sort using iterative DFS.
3155	Generates all valid queen placements on an n x n chessboard.
3156	The method `play` in the given code simulates a game by selecting moves on a board, updating the game state, and recursively exploring possible moves using the UCT (Upper Confidence Bound) algorithm.
3157	Selects a random unexplored position or the best child position from a board.
3158	Simulates a random playout of moves on a board.
3159	Filters benchmarks based on Python version compatibility.
3160	Iterates over benchmark groups, expanding names recursively.
3161	Generates a list of strings with specific patterns.
3162	Generates a list of tuples containing regex and string tables for a given range of values.
3163	Returns the last two knots of the curve.
3164	Fetches messages from a specified channel, filtering by a given date, and yields each message along with its user data.
3165	Iterates over posts in a parsed JSON structure based on their order.
3166	Fetches user data from the RUSERS endpoint.
3167	Fetch items from the database based on the specified category and keyword arguments.
3168	Fetches RSS entries from a specified URL and yields each entry.
3169	Sets up a command-line parser for a backend command, adding a required argument for the RSS feed URL.
3170	Fetch items from a specified category and date.
3171	This method fetches bugs from a system using specified parameters and returns the response.
3172	This method takes a variable number of bug IDs, constructs a URL, sends a request, and returns the response.
3173	This method fetches the history of bugs from a server using their IDs.
3174	This method retrieves attachments for a list of bug IDs from a specified resource using the provided parameters.
3175	This method retrieves and processes issue notes from a GitLab client, appending them to a list.
3176	This method fetches merge requests from a GitLab client, processes them, and yields the full details of each merge request.
3177	This method fetches merge notes from a GitLab client, processes them, and returns a list of notes with award emoji data.
3178	This method retrieves merge versions from a client, parses them, and returns a list of full versions.
3179	Fetches merges from GitLab with optional `from_date` filter.
3180	Merges a project in GitLab using the provided merge ID.
3181	Fetches merge versions for a given merge ID.
3182	Merges a version in a GitLab project.
3183	Fetch notes for a specific item.
3184	Fetch emoji items from GitLab API.
3185	Fetches notes with emojis for a specific item.
3186	Calculates the time until the rate limit resets.
3187	Fetch GitLab paginated items from a given URL and yield each item.
3188	Initializes rate limit for a project.
3189	Sets up a command parser for GitLab operations, including options for enterprise URL, rate limiting, blacklist IDs, and generic client settings.
3190	Fetch items from a database based on a category and a date range.
3191	Returns the timestamp concatenated with the user's name from the input item.
3192	Calculates the total number of members in a conversation.
3193	Fetches channel information from the API.
3194	Fetch user information from the RUSER_INFO resource with the specified user ID.
3195	Sets up a command parser for a backend with various options.
3196	Convert delta_ts to datetime, remove timezone, and return timestamp.
3197	This function takes a CSV string, splits it into lines, and yields each row as a dictionary.
3198	This function parses XML data to extract bug details, raising an error if no bugs are found.
3199	This function parses bug activity from HTML, extracting who, when, what, removed, and added information for each change.
3200	Logs out a user from a Bugzilla instance.
3201	This method calls a CGI bug with specified parameters and returns the response.
3202	This method fetches a list of bugs from a system, handling different versions and sorting criteria based on the provided date.
3203	This method calls a CGI_BUG endpoint with specified bug IDs, type, and excludes attachment data.
3204	This method calls a CGI endpoint with a bug ID and returns the response.
3205	Fetch data from a specified category with optional date range and filter.
3206	Fetches events from a specified category within a given date range, parsing comments and RSVPs for each event.
3207	This method fetches events from a Meetup group using a specified date and parameters, handling HTTP errors and pagination.
3208	Iterates over comments for a given group and event ID.
3209	This method fetches RSVPs for a given group and event, handling pagination and response fields.
3210	Fetches questions from a client, handling pagination and retries.
3211	This method fetches comments for a given question and its answers from a client, storing them in a dictionary.
3212	This function parses HTML question and answer data, updating a dictionary with question details and comments.
3213	Fetches questions from a specified API path, handling pagination and retries.
3214	Fetches HTML question text from a specified URL with given parameters.
3215	Fetch comments from a given post ID using the specified URL and headers. If the comments URL does not work, switch to the old URL schema and retry. If the request fails due to a 404 error, log a debug message and switch to the old URL schema. If the request fails due to a 500 error, log a warning message and return an empty list. If any other error occurs, re-raise the exception.
3216	This function parses a question container from HTML, extracting author and update information.
3217	This function parses an HTML question and extracts information about the answers, including the user who generated the question, the date of the question, and the user who updated the question. It returns a list of answer objects.
3218	This function parses the number of HTML pages from a given HTML question using BeautifulSoup.
3219	This function parses user information from an HTML update, extracting details such as ID, username, reputation, badges, and website URL.
3220	Fetch items from Gerrit based on category and optional from date.
3221	Convert JSON string to list of dictionaries.
3222	This method fetches and yields reviews from Gerrit, filtering by status and updating until no more updates are available.
3223	This method retrieves and parses the version of a Gerrit server, handling exceptions and returning the version as a list of integers.
3224	This method retrieves reviews from Gerrit using a command generated by `_get_gerrit_cmd` and returns the raw data as a string.
3225	This method retrieves the next item based on the current version of Gerrit and the provided last item or entry.
3226	Executes command based on whether it's from an archive or remote.
3227	Executes a command from an archive, sanitizing it first. If an error occurs, raises it; otherwise, returns the response.
3228	Executes a command remotely, retries up to a maximum number of times, and stores the result in an archive if specified.
3229	Sets up a command parser for backend commands with various options.
3230	Fetches issue data from a client using the provided issue ID and returns the parsed JSON.
3231	Fetches issue attachments from a client.
3232	Fetches issue messages and includes owner data.
3233	Fetches issue activities and fetches user data for each activity.
3234	Fetches user data from a client, returns a dictionary if successful.
3235	This method retrieves user information from a URL, handles HTTP errors, and stores the result in a dictionary.
3236	This method retrieves the raw text of a bug issue from a specified URL.
3237	Fetches raw items from a specified collection for a given issue.
3238	Returns the URL for the project based on the package.
3239	Fetches items from a specified path with given payload, handling pagination and error responses.
3240	Fetches paginated subscriptions from GroupsIO API.
3241	Finds the group ID for a given group name in a list of subscriptions.
3242	Fetches data from a URL with specified parameters and authentication, raising an exception if the request fails.
3243	Sets up a command parser for a backend with options for API token, mbox path, SSL verification, and group name.
3244	Generates a SHA-1 hash of a UUID string.
3245	Fetch data from a backend with optional filtering and category, creating an archive if necessary.
3246	This function fetches archived items from a specified category and archives them using the provided backend.
3247	This function finds all backends in a given package by walking through its sub-packages and importing them.
3248	Fetch items from a category, applying filters and yielding metadata.
3249	Fetch items from an archive and yield their metadata.
3250	Filters classified data for an item by removing specified keys from nested dictionaries.
3251	This method parses command-line arguments, removes unnecessary category attributes, converts date strings to datetime objects, and handles compatibility issues with `fetch-archive` and `no-archive` arguments.
3252	Sets authentication arguments for the parser.
3253	Sets up arguments for archiving data.
3254	Sets output arguments for the parser.
3255	This method processes input arguments, fetches items based on specified criteria, and writes them to an output file in JSON format.
3256	Initializes the archive manager based on parsed arguments.
3257	Convert date string to timestamp.
3258	This function reads an email file, parses each message, and yields a dictionary representation of each message.
3259	This method fetches and parses messages from a list of mailboxes, filtering by date and validating messages.
3260	Copies an mbox file to a temporary path.
3261	This method checks if a message contains the required fields and validates the date format.
3262	Convert a case-insensitive dictionary to a regular dictionary.
3263	This method reads a message from a file, decodes the sender's email address, and returns the message object.
3264	Fetches items based on specified parameters.
3265	Fetches items from a Git repository based on specified parameters.
3266	This function reads a Git log file, parses each commit, and yields them one by one.
3267	Sets `git_path` based on parsed arguments.
3268	Sets up a command parser for fetching Git commits based on specified options.
3269	Parses input stream, builds commits, and yields them.
3270	Clones a Git repository into a specified directory.
3271	This method counts the number of objects in a Git repository by executing the `git count-objects -v` command and parsing the output to extract the count of regular objects and objects in the pack file.
3272	Determines if the current branch is detached.
3273	Updates the Git repository in the specified directory.
3274	Syncs Git repository commits.
3275	Iterates over the output of `git rev-list` for a given repository, handling various options like branches, tags, and remote references.
3276	Fetches Git log from a repository.
3277	This method fetches commit messages from a Git repository and yields them one by one.
3278	Fetches remote refs, determines wants, and adds them to a thin pack.
3279	Reads commits from a pack file.
3280	This method updates references in a Git repository by deleting old references and updating new ones, while also pruning old branches.
3281	This method discovers remote or local references in a Git repository, handling errors and returning a list of GitRef objects.
3282	Updates a Git reference with optional deletion.
3283	Executes a Git command with specified parameters and yields its output line by line.
3284	Read stderr of a subprocess and log it.
3285	Executes a command with optional arguments and handles errors.
3286	Fetch tweets based on specified parameters.
3287	Fetch tweets from a specified category with optional parameters.
3288	This function fetches tweets based on a query, including optional parameters like since_id, max_id, geocode, lang, and result_type. It yields each batch of tweets until no more are available.
3289	Sets up a command parser for a backend command, including options for API token, meetup, Twitter arguments, and rate limiting.
3290	Fetch items from the specified category with optional keyword arguments.
3291	Fetch items from the client with given keywords and yield each hit.
3292	Convert raw HTML to JSON with fetched timestamp, keywords, and hits.
3293	Fetches hits for a given query string.
3294	Returns the timestamp of the last update for the given item.
3295	Determine category based on item properties.
3296	This method fetches pull requests from a client, processes them, and adds additional fields based on the pull request data.
3297	Fetches repository information and yields it.
3298	This method retrieves reactions for a given issue number, appending user data to each reaction.
3299	This method retrieves and processes reactions on a specific issue comment, including fetching user data for each reaction.
3300	Convert raw assignee login names to user objects.
3301	This method fetches pull request reviewers from a GitHub API and returns their data.
3302	Extracts commit hashes from a pull request using GitHub API.
3303	This method retrieves and processes pull review comment reactions, appending user data to each reaction.
3304	This method retrieves user information and their organizations from a client, returning a dictionary containing the user's details and their organizations.
3305	Fetch reactions for an issue.
3306	Fetch issues from GitHub API with optional `from_date` filter.
3307	This method fetches pull requests from a repository based on a given date, parses them, and yields the pull request text.
3308	Fetches repository text from a given URL.
3309	Fetches requested reviewers for a pull request.
3310	Fetches commits for a specific pull request.
3311	Fetches reactions for a specific pull request comment.
3312	Fetch user information from a URL and store it in the `_users` dictionary.
3313	Fetches user organizations from GitHub using a given login. If the login does not exist, returns an empty list.
3314	Fetch rate limit from API using token.
3315	Calculates token rate limits for each token in the system.
3316	Choose best API token based on rate limits.
3317	This method checks if the number of tokens is less than or equal to one or if the rate limit is not set, returning False. If the last rate limit check is not set, it sets the last rate limit check to the current rate limit. If the rate limit is approaching the minimum rate limit for sleep, it checks if the current rate limit is less than or equal to the approaching limit. If the ratio of the current rate limit to the last rate limit check is less than 1.0 - TOKEN_USAGE_BEFORE_SWITCH, it sets the last rate limit check to the current rate limit. If the ratio is greater than 1.0, it sets the last rate limit check to the current rate limit. If the ratio is equal to 1.0, it returns False.
3318	Updates the current rate limit based on the response from the server.
3319	Initializes metadata for an archive in a SQLite database.
3320	Archives data into a SQLite database with a unique hashcode.
3321	Retrieves data from an SQLite database using a given hashcode, handling exceptions and returning the data if found or raising an error if not.
3322	Creates a new SQLite database archive with specified metadata and archive statements.
3323	Generates a SHA-1 hash code from a URI, payload, and headers.
3324	Verifies archive integrity by counting table rows and raising an error if conditions are not met.
3325	Loads metadata from the database and sets instance variables based on the retrieved data.
3326	Count rows in a SQLite table.
3327	Creates a new archive with a unique hash code and stores it in a directory.
3328	Removes an archive and raises an error if the removal fails.
3329	Filters and sorts archives based on date.
3330	Iterates over archive paths, filters by origin, backend, category, and creation date, yields matching paths and creation dates.
3331	Iterates through directories and yields file paths.
3332	Determines the type of a compressed file based on its magic number.
3333	This function generates a sequence of consecutive months between two given dates.
3334	This function converts an email message into a dictionary, including headers and body, handling different types of email content.
3335	Removes invalid XML characters from a string.
3336	Convert XML to dictionary, handle invalid XML, and parse XML tree.
3337	Iterates over issues in a JSON string.
3338	This method fetches issues from a Redmine API based on a specified date range and limit, returning the response.
3339	This method retrieves a resource from a server using a given issue ID and parameters.
3340	This method takes a user ID, constructs a URL, sends a request, and returns the response.
3341	This method fetches data from a Redmine API using the provided URL and parameters, logging the request details and returning the response text.
3342	Fetch items from the specified category with optional keyword arguments.
3343	Fetch items from repository and parse JSON.
3344	Fetches the text from a Docker Hub repository URL.
3345	Transforms a dictionary of custom fields into a new dictionary with specified fields.
3346	This function filters a list of fields, extracting only those with a 'custom' attribute set to True, and returns a dictionary mapping the 'id' of each custom field to the field itself.
3347	Iterates over issues in a JSON page.
3348	Fetches and yields issues from a given URL, handling pagination and logging status.
3349	Fetches issues from a specified date using the API.
3350	Fetches comments for a given issue ID from a specified API endpoint.
3351	Fetches and returns the text content of a URL constructed from the base URL, resource, and version API.
3352	Fetch items from the superclass with optional category and keyword arguments.
3353	Fetches job data from Jenkins API.
3354	Fetch job details from a specified URL based on job name and blacklist.
3355	Iterates over JSON items in a raw page, yielding each question.
3356	This method fetches questions from a given URL, handling pagination and backoff logic.
3357	Sets up a command parser for backend commands with options for site, tagged questions, and maximum number of questions.
3358	Fetches items from a specified category using a reviews API or the Pages API based on the MediaWiki version.
3359	Find the maximum timestamp from a list of reviews.
3360	Fetches pages from a URL using the client's get_pages_from_allrevisions method, processes them, and yields the reviews.
3361	Fetches pages from a specified namespace with optional continuation.
3362	Fetches recent changes from specified namespaces using JSON format.
3363	Fetches messages from a specified category with an optional offset and chats.
3364	Convert JSON to Python dictionary, extract messages, yield each message.
3365	Filters messages based on specified chat IDs.
3366	Updates method updates the response with the provided offset.
3367	Fetches articles from a specified category with optional offset, logging and error handling.
3368	Updates the 'offset' field of the item with the 'offset' value from the 'data' field.
3369	This function parses an email article from a raw string, handling UnicodeEncodeError by raising a ParseError with the error message.
3370	Fetch data from archive or remote based on availability.
3371	Fetches article data from a handler and returns a dictionary containing the article's number, message ID, and lines.
3372	Fetches data from a remote server based on the specified method and arguments.
3373	Fetch data from an archive using a specified method and arguments, raising an error if the archive is not provided or if a temporary error occurs.
3374	Creates an HTTP session with retries and custom headers.
3375	Sets up a rate limit handler with options for sleep, minimum rate, headers, and reset headers.
3376	This method calculates and sleeps for the appropriate time based on the rate limit and minimum rate to sleep, logging warnings and errors as necessary.
3377	Updates rate limit and reset timestamp from HTTP headers.
3378	This function reads a Supybot log file, parses its messages, and yields each message. If a parsing error occurs, it raises a new ParseError with the file path and error message.
3379	This method retrieves archives from a list of files, filtering by a specified date, and returns a list of archive filenames.
3380	This method returns a list of all files in the specified directory and its subdirectories.
3381	This method parses a stream of messages, skipping empty lines and messages that match specific regex patterns, and yields parsed items.
3382	Extracts timestamp and message from a line using a regular expression.
3383	This method parses a line from a Supybot message, extracting the type of message and the sender and body.
3384	Fetches items from a specified category, updating from a given date, and yields each fetched topic.
3385	Convert JSON to list of tuples containing topic ID, updated_at, and pinned status.
3386	This method fetches a topic from an API using the provided `topic_id` and `api_key`.
3387	This method posts a post to a specified ID using the provided API key and returns the response.
3388	Fetches tasks from a specified category and logs the process.
3389	Iterates over tasks in a JSON object.
3390	Iterates over users in a JSON object.
3391	This method iterates over tasks, converting a date to an epoch timestamp, and yields each task result.
3392	This method takes a variable number of `phids` and returns a response from the `_call` method with the `MANIPHEST_TRANSACTIONS` endpoint and the provided `phids` as parameters.
3393	This method takes a variable number of phone IDs and returns a response from the API.
3394	This method takes a variable number of parameters, constructs a dictionary with these parameters, and calls a method `_call` with this dictionary as an argument.
3395	This method sends a POST request to a Conduit API endpoint with specified parameters and returns the response text.
3396	Convert item's id and version to a string with a '#' and 'v' separator.
3397	Iterates over JSON results and yields each one.
3398	This method fetches content from a Confluence server based on a specified date range and maximum number of contents, using a recursive call to fetch more results if necessary.
3399	Returns the historical content for a given content ID and version.
3400	Parses XML result into a Measurement object.
3401	Constructs a URL for WFS capabilities based on the provided service URL and version.
3402	Reads a URL using specified timeout and credentials, returns an XML tree.
3403	Convert string to XML object
3404	Parses the result to find a MeasurementTimeseries object.
3405	Constructs a URL by joining the base URL with a path and appending a query string if present.
3406	This function finds all elements within a given complex type in an XML document.
3407	Constructs a schema dictionary from a list of elements and a namespace map.
3408	Constructs a URL for describing feature types in a WFS service.
3409	This method executes a complex web processing service with a text document input and outputs the status of the execution.
3410	This method retrieves a list of movies from a specified path using HTTP GET requests and sets the retrieved attributes to values.
3411	This method retrieves a TV list from a specified path using GET request and sets attributes based on the response.
3412	This method retrieves movie data from a specified path using GET requests and sets the attributes of the object based on the response.
3413	This method retrieves information from a server using a specified path and parameters, sets the retrieved values to attributes of the object, and returns the response.
3414	This method retrieves alternative titles from a specified path using GET request and sets the retrieved values to attributes of the object.
3415	This method retrieves and returns the credits information from a specified path using the provided keyword arguments.
3416	This method retrieves external IDs from a specified path using GET requests and sets the retrieved values to attributes of the object.
3417	This method retrieves keywords from a specified path, processes the response, and returns the processed data.
3418	This method retrieves recommendations from a server using a specified path and parameters, sets attributes based on the response, and returns the response.
3419	This method retrieves release dates from a specified path using GET requests and sets the retrieved values to attributes of the object.
3420	This method retrieves and returns a list of releases from a specified path using HTTP GET requests with optional parameters.
3421	Translates data from a specified path using GET request and sets attributes based on the response.
3422	This method retrieves similar movies based on provided parameters and returns the response.
3423	This method retrieves reviews from a specified path using GET requests and sets attributes based on the response.
3424	Changes method retrieves and returns data from a specified path using GET request with optional parameters.
3425	This method retrieves upcoming data from a specified path using GET requests and sets attributes based on the response.
3426	This method retrieves and returns the current playing state from a specified path using HTTP GET requests with optional parameters.
3427	This method retrieves popular content from a specified path using GET requests and sets attributes based on the response.
3428	This method retrieves and returns top-rated items from a specified path using GET requests with optional parameters.
3429	This method retrieves account states from a server using a GET request, sets attributes based on the response, and returns the response.
3430	This method retrieves a rating from a server, sends a POST request with the provided value, and returns the response.
3431	This method retrieves movie credits from a specified path using GET requests and sets attributes based on the response.
3432	This method retrieves TV credits for a given TV show using the provided path and parameters.
3433	This method retrieves information from a specified path using GET requests and sets attributes based on the response.
3434	Transforms keyword arguments with `_lte` and `_gte` suffixes to `.lte` and `.gte` respectively, then makes a GET request to a TV path with the transformed parameters.
3435	This method retrieves information from a specified path using GET requests and sets attributes based on the response.
3436	This method retrieves a list of movies from a specified path using HTTP GET requests and sets the attributes of the object based on the response.
3437	This method retrieves information from a server, updates session ID, and returns the response.
3438	This method retrieves and returns movie details from a watchlist using a session ID.
3439	This method retrieves a token from a server using HTTP GET request with optional parameters.
3440	This method validates a token using a login request.
3441	This method initializes a session by making a GET request to a specified path with optional keyword arguments, setting attributes based on the response, and returning the response.
3442	This method creates a new guest session by making a GET request to a specified path with optional keyword arguments, setting attributes based on the response, and returning the response.
3443	This method retrieves and returns rated movies from a guest session using the provided parameters.
3444	This method retrieves and returns the status of an item using its ID path and optional parameters.
3445	This method creates a list by making a POST request to a specified path with optional parameters and returns the response.
3446	Removes an item from the system using the provided session ID and media ID.
3447	Clears a list using the provided session ID and payload.
3448	This method retrieves content ratings from a specified path using GET requests and sets attributes based on the response.
3449	This method retrieves similar items from a database using the provided parameters and returns the response.
3450	This method retrieves and returns data from a specified path on the air, handling optional keyword arguments and setting attributes based on the response.
3451	This method retrieves information from a series using the provided path and keyword arguments, sets the attributes of the object based on the response, and returns the response.
3452	This method retrieves and returns credits information for a series or season.
3453	This method retrieves external IDs from a series using the provided parameters and returns the response.
3454	This method retrieves information from a series using the provided parameters and returns the response.
3455	This method retrieves and returns credits information for a series, episode, or season.
3456	This method retrieves external IDs for a series, season, and episode, making an HTTP GET request to a specified path, setting attributes based on the response, and returning the response.
3457	Sets attributes of an object based on a dictionary.
3458	This method retrieves movie data from a server, processes it, and returns the response.
3459	This method retrieves a collection from a server using the provided path and parameters, sets the attributes of the response to their corresponding values, and returns the response.
3460	This method retrieves and returns a response from a TV API using the provided path and keyword arguments.
3461	This method retrieves a person's information from a server, sets attributes based on the response, and returns the response.
3462	This method retrieves and returns company data from a specified path using HTTP GET requests, setting attributes based on the response.
3463	This method retrieves a keyword from a specified path, makes a GET request with optional parameters, sets attributes based on the response, and returns the response.
3464	This method retrieves data from a specified path using GET requests, processes the response, and returns the result.
3465	Normalizes a string by splitting it, replacing patterns, unescaping XML entities, and converting to lowercase.
3466	This function takes a list of references, normalizes them, counts n-grams, and returns the lengths of the references and a dictionary of the most frequent n-grams.
3467	Calculates the length of a reference set, counts n-grams, and returns the length, counts, and a frozen set of counts.
3468	Calculates the complementary error function for a given input.
3469	Aligns texts by comparing blocks.
3470	This function recursively searches through a module's descriptors, including those in submodules, and yields them.
3471	Registers JSON objects into descriptors.
3472	Registers a new item with a given description and version.
3473	Prints the given string to the specified file with an optional progress bar.
3474	Checks if a given object is a descriptor class.
3475	Convert object to JSON format.
3476	Returns 3D coordinates if available, otherwise fails.
3477	Calculates the surface area of a sphere with a given radius and its neighbors.
3478	Calculates the surface area of each atom in the system.
3479	Convert molecule to numpy array of atom positions.
3480	This method initializes a dictionary of descriptors from a JSON object, handling the case where the dictionary is not already set.
3481	Creates a new instance of the class with the same attributes as the original, but with missing values replaced by the specified value.
3482	This method drops missing values from a dictionary and returns a new dictionary with the remaining values.
3483	Iterates over key-value pairs from the dictionary.
3484	Convert dictionary to dictionary.
3485	Convert descriptors to a dictionary and return a value by name.
3486	Decorator to log function calls with arguments and return values.
3487	Decorator to synchronize function execution.
3488	Updates the console with a progress message.
3489	`message(msg, *args)` prints formatted text to the console.
3490	This function handles errors by formatting a message, raising an error, and optionally cleaning up temporary files.
3491	Generates a temporary file name based on the input target and a random string.
3492	Removes a file from the system if it exists, optionally renames it to a new name.
3493	Removes all files in TEMP_FILES if they exist.
3494	This method splits the path, filters out parts containing wildcards, and joins the remaining parts back together.
3495	Returns a list of legal parameters for a given method.
3496	Merges optional parameters from `self.opt` with `kargs` based on type and structure.
3497	Adds options to a parser for BotoClient extra client parameters.
3498	Terminates the task queue with an optional exception information.
3499	Adds a task to the task queue with a priority of 0.
3500	Joins all threads and sets `worker.s3` to `None`.
3501	Updates task count and progress based on queue size.
3502	Read S3 keys from environment if available.
3503	Read S3 keys from commandline
3504	Read S3 keys from specified config file or default location.
3505	Initializes S3 keys based on command-line, environment, or S3 configuration options.
3506	Connect to S3 using BotoClient with credentials from S3_KEYS if available, otherwise use default credentials.
3507	This method lists all S3 buckets and returns a list of dictionaries containing bucket information.
3508	This method walks through an S3 directory, normalizes the path, and sorts the results based on directory and name.
3509	This function walks through a directory and collects all file paths.
3510	Expands a source into a list of names using S3walk and handles recursive expansion.
3511	Uploads a single file to an S3 bucket.
3512	This method puts files from a source directory to a target directory using a thread pool.
3513	Creates a bucket in S3 using the provided source URL.
3514	Updates file permissions based on metadata.
3515	Prints files from S3 bucket.
3516	Downloads files from an S3 bucket to a local directory.
3517	This method processes files from a source directory to a target directory using a thread pool, handling both single and multiple files. It checks if the target is a directory and processes each file accordingly. If the target is not a directory, it raises an error. If the source is a single file, it processes it directly. If the source is multiple files, it processes them in a thread pool.
3518	Copies files from an S3 source to a local target, handling recursive copying and deleting source files.
3519	Copies files from source to target using a thread pool, handling both single and multiple files.
3520	Deletes files from an S3 bucket using a thread pool.
3521	This method returns a list of relative paths from a given directory to all non-directory files in the S3 or local file system.
3522	Synchronizes files between two directories using a thread pool, handling S3 URLs and deleting removed files.
3523	Calculates the MD5 hash of a file.
3524	Calculates MD5 hash of a file.
3525	Creates a directory if it does not exist.
3526	Checks if a remote key matches the local MD5 hash.
3527	This method checks if a partial path matches a filter path, considering recursive mode and normalization of trailing slashes.
3528	This method recursively walks through an S3 bucket, filtering objects based on a path, and populating a result dictionary with details about each object.
3529	Appends objects to a list based on specified conditions.
3530	Get file privilege from source.
3531	This method attempts to retrieve an object from an S3 bucket using the provided URL. If the object does not exist, it returns `None`. If an error occurs, it raises the exception.
3532	Reads a chunk of data from a file at a specified position.
3533	Uploads a file to an S3 bucket using multithreading and multipart upload.
3534	Verifies file size consistency between server and client.
3535	Writes a chunk of data to a file at a specified position.
3536	Copies a file from one S3 bucket to another, handling multipart uploads and retries.
3537	Handles command execution based on provided arguments.
3538	Validates command, S3, and local paths based on provided format and arguments.
3539	Summarize the `pretty_print` method in one line.
3540	Handles list buckets and walks through a specified directory in an S3 bucket.
3541	Handles the creation of an S3 bucket based on the provided arguments.
3542	Handles file uploads to S3 using shell expansion.
3543	The method `get_handler` processes command-line arguments, validates the command type, and retrieves files from a source directory to a target directory using the `s3handler`.
3544	The `cat_handler` method validates the command and source, then uses the `s3handler` to print files from the specified source.
3545	The `dsync_handler` method sets options for syncing files between S3 and local directories, validates the arguments, and then calls the `dsync_files` method of the `s3handler` object.
3546	Handles copying files from source to target using the S3 handler.
3547	Handles file movement with validation and S3 operations.
3548	Deletes files from S3 using the provided source.
3549	Summarizes the `du_handler` method by iterating over the size and source of files in an S3 bucket and printing them.
3550	Calculates total size of files in S3 bucket.
3551	This method attempts to parse a date string from a given value, replacing it with the current date if the string does not match a specific date format.
3552	Convert a string to a datetime object.
3553	This method takes a string value, searches for a pattern matching a date delta, and returns a `datetime.timedelta` object representing the delta and the modified string.
3554	Convert JSON string to dictionary.
3555	This method discovers Xiaomi gateways by binding to a specified interface, sending a multicast discovery request, and parsing the responses to identify and configure valid gateways.
3556	Start a multicast listener thread.
3557	Read data from a hub using a specified session ID.
3558	This method pushes data to a callback function based on the protocol and parameters.
3559	This method encrypts a token using AES in CBC mode with a given key and initialization vector.
3560	Handles exceptions by reporting job data and additional information to Rollbar.
3561	This method initializes Rollbar with settings from a Pyramid configuration, adds a tween for error tracking, and sets up hooks for data collection and exception handling.
3562	Ensures a log handler is set up.
3563	This function attempts to retrieve a request object from various frameworks by iterating through the call stack and looking for a valid request object.
3564	Initializes Rollbar with settings, transforms, and queues.
3565	This code defines a decorator `lambda_function` that wraps another function `f` to handle exceptions and wait for a result.
3566	Logs an error message to Rollbar with optional parameters.
3567	Search items with specified title and fields, returning specified fields or all fields if none provided.
3568	Creates a logger for Rollbar agent with a file handler and sets the log level to WARNING.
3569	This function processes user data from a request object, extracting and formatting user details such as ID, username, and email.
3570	Adds lambda context data to the provided data dictionary.
3571	Adds request data to the payload.
3572	Checks if the last frame's locals include the root directory and any frame locals from the project's root.
3573	This function determines the appropriate request data builder based on the type of request object provided.
3574	Build server data with hostname, PID, and optional arguments and settings.
3575	Transforms data and constructs a payload with access token and transformed data.
3576	Initialize rollbar, set up a server factory, and start the reactor.
3577	Convert Hangul characters to Unicode.
3578	Decomposes Hangul letter into its components.
3579	Checks if a given Hangul letter has a jongsung.
3580	Attaches a suffix to a word based on its last letter's pronunciation.
3581	Checks if a node is inside an except handler.
3582	Checks if a node is inside a lambda function.
3583	Recursively yields all nodes in a tree structure.
3584	Determines if a variable is clobbered in an except block.
3585	Checks if a node is a super call in a Python program.
3586	Checks if the given node is an error by looking for a `Raise` node among its children.
3587	Checks if a given node is a default argument in a function or lambda.
3588	Determines if a node is a function decorator.
3589	Checks if a given node is an ancestor of another node in an AST.
3590	Assigns the parent of a node to the node itself if it is an assignment name, tuple, or list.
3591	A decorator that stores messages for a function.
3592	Collects string fields from a format string, skipping replacements and yielding empty strings for invalid formats.
3593	Extracts an argument from a call node based on position or keyword.
3594	Checks if a node inherits from `Exception` or `BaseException` in its ancestor chain.
3595	Checks if an exception handler catches the specified error type.
3596	Checks if a function definition has a property decorator.
3597	Determines if a function is decorated with specific names.
3598	Identifies the parent of a given node that is not an exception handler or a try-except block.
3599	Determines if a node is from a fallback block based on its context and handlers.
3600	Returns a list of exception handlers for a given node, filtering by a specified exception type.
3601	Checks if any exception handling is present for a given node.
3602	Checks if a class is abstract based on its methods.
3603	Attempts to infer a node, handling exceptions and returning the inferred node or None if an error occurs.
3604	This function checks the type of an assignment node in an AST and returns the type if there is only one possible type, otherwise returns None.
3605	Checks if a function is decorated with `functools.singledispatch` or `singledispatch.singledispatch`.
3606	Checks if postponed evaluation is enabled in a Python module.
3607	Convert module name to qualified names.
3608	Returns the absolute name of a module from an import node.
3609	Convert a dictionary of modules and their submodules and files into a formatted tree representation.
3610	Writes a graph to a file.
3611	This method checks for multiple imports, deprecated modules, preferred modules, and relative imports in an AST node.
3612	This method processes an import statement, checking for various issues such as renaming, misplaced future imports, deprecated modules, preferred modules, wildcard imports, same-line imports, reimports, and relative imports. It also records the imported modules and checks for relative imports.
3613	Checks if the first non-import instruction is misplaced and adds a message if so.
3614	This method records the import path of a node in an AST, handling both `astroid.ImportFrom` and `astroid.Import` nodes.
3615	This method processes a list of import nodes to categorize them into standard, third-party, first-party, and local imports, and then adds messages for any incorrect import order based on the categorization.
3616	Checks if a relative import is enabled and adds a message if not.
3617	This method checks for circular imports and adds messages for imported modules that are not standard or packages.
3618	Checks deprecated modules and adds a message if a module is deprecated.
3619	Adds a message if the module path is in the preferred modules list.
3620	Appends a tree representation of external dependencies to a section.
3621	Creates a dependency graph based on import statements.
3622	This function reads a configuration file from the user's home directory and returns a list of options.
3623	Insert default options into command line arguments.
3624	Checks if the visibility of a node is not set in the current mode.
3625	This method retrieves callback methods for a given node class from a cache, creating them if they don't exist.
3626	Visits a node, marking it as visited, and calling callbacks if available.
3627	This method checks for consistency in message IDs by comparing the first two characters of each message ID with a previously stored checker ID. If they do not match, it raises an error with a detailed message indicating the inconsistency.
3628	This method iterates over inferred function nodes, checking for specific conditions and calling corresponding methods based on the inferred node's type.
3629	Checks if a datetime.time instance is inferred and adds a message if so.
3630	Checks if the mode argument is valid and adds a message if it is not.
3631	Appends a dictionary to the `messages` list with various message details.
3632	Prints JSON representation of messages to the output file.
3633	Returns the title of a node, including the module name if applicable.
3634	Sets default options for module names, ancestors, and associated entities based on configuration settings.
3635	Checks if the node should be shown based on the configuration.
3636	Adds a class to the class diagram.
3637	Iterates through ancestors of a node, skipping nodes based on a condition.
3638	Iterates through instance attributes and local types of a class node, yielding associated nodes based on specified level and node type.
3639	Extracts classes from a class diagram based on specified levels.
3640	The method `leave_project` returns either `self.pkgdiagram` or `self.classdiagram` based on the condition.
3641	Adds a dependency from the current package diagram to the given node.
3642	This method creates a class diagram for a given class in a project, handling multiple modules and class names.
3643	This method reads and interprets diagram definitions, generating class diagrams for each class in the project, and then extracts relationships from the diagrams.
3644	This method checks if a given owner is ignored based on a list of ignored modules and classes.
3645	This function returns the top `max_choices` names from a list of possible names that are similar to a given attribute name within a specified distance threshold.
3646	This function checks if a node has a valid owner and attribute name, considering various conditions such as ignoring certain types of nodes, checking for metaclasses, and handling dynamic attributes.
3647	Checks if a node has a parent of a specific type.
3648	Checks if a name is used as a variadic argument.
3649	Checks if a variadic argument is used in a starred context or as a variadic argument.
3650	This method analyzes an AST node to identify and report missing attributes based on a configuration.
3651	This method checks if a node's value is a call, skips certain types of functions, and checks for return statements. If no return statements are found, it adds a message.
3652	Checks if a function call is not callable by examining its attributes and returns.
3653	Adds a message to the error list with a custom message and node information.
3654	This function iterates over interfaces of a node, applying a handler function to each interface, and yields the interfaces that pass the handler. If no interfaces are found or if the node does not inherit from the interface, it raises an inference error.
3655	Builds a project representation from files using `astroid_manager` and `func_wrapper`.
3656	Visits each node in the package, generating a unique ID if the tag is present.
3657	This method initializes a dictionary for local variables and assigns a unique identifier to each node if a tag is present.
3658	This method handles the assignment of a name to a variable in an AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) by updating the local type of the variable in the current frame.
3659	Handles attribute type inference for an AST node.
3660	This method visits an import node, retrieves the context file, checks if the module name is relative, and imports the module accordingly.
3661	Analyzes module imports, handling relative and absolute paths, and tracking imported modules.
3662	This method checks if a module is standard in a given package.
3663	Imports a module and handles dependencies.
3664	Generates ANSI escape codes for text formatting.
3665	Colorizes text with ANSI escape codes.
3666	Registers multiple reporters with a linter.
3667	Handles incoming messages by adding modules to a set and writing messages to the console.
3668	Prints formatted layout to output file.
3669	Handles message decoration and logging.
3670	Opens a graph in the stream with specified attributes.
3671	Writes a node with title and attributes to the stream.
3672	Writes an edge to the stream with specified attributes.
3673	This method checks the format string of an AST node to ensure it adheres to certain rules, such as having an explicit string on the left side, not being redefined, and having the correct number of positional and named arguments. It also checks for missing or extra format arguments and vacuous formatting.
3674	This method processes a string by escaping backslashes and handling special escape sequences.
3675	Updates section count, writes a line, formats children, and then decrements section count.
3676	Updates section count, formats children, and writes a line.
3677	This method processes a table layout, calculates column widths, and writes the table content to a default format.
3678	This method generates a formatted table from a given layout, table content, and column widths.
3679	Adds a renamed message to the message definitions and registers the old name.
3680	Registers messages from a checker.
3681	Registers a message with checks for consistency and symbol definitions.
3682	This method checks for duplicate message IDs and alternative names in a dictionary, raising an error if a duplicate is found.
3683	Raising an `InvalidMessageError` with a message indicating that a message ID cannot have both a specific symbol and another symbol.
3684	This method raises an `InvalidMessageError` with a message indicating that a message symbol cannot be used for two other messages at the same time.
3685	This method retrieves message definitions based on a given message ID or symbol, handling cases where the message does not exist.
3686	Convert message definitions to string representations.
3687	Prints help messages for given message IDs, handling unknown messages by skipping them.
3688	Print sorted messages that may be emitted.
3689	This code generates a documentation file listing all optional Pylint checkers in the extensions module, along with instructions on how to activate them in the `.pylintrc` file.
3690	Returns the number of CPU cores available.
3691	This code generates a table summarizing message occurrences in a section, excluding messages starting with "I".
3692	Modifies Python's import path based on provided arguments.
3693	Loads plugins from a list of names.
3694	Loads plugins from a list and calls their `load_configuration` method.
3695	Sets an option for the object, handling deprecated methods and CSV values.
3696	Registers a checker with the system, handling reports, options, and default loading.
3697	Disables all reporters in the system.
3698	This method configures Python 3 porting mode, enabling specific messages and disabling others based on the error mode and configuration settings.
3699	Returns a list containing the current checker and all its connected checkers.
3700	Returns a sorted list of names of checkers excluding "master".
3701	This method prepares checkers based on configuration and message status.
3702	Expands modules, handles errors, sets current module, and adds messages based on errors.
3703	Sets the current module and file, initializes statistics for each message category.
3704	This method checks an AST node for syntax errors, raw checker failures, and token checker failures, and processes the tokens and raw and token checkers.
3705	This method evaluates code, loads previous statistics, and displays the result.
3706	The method `cb_help_message` processes a command-line option and exits the program with a message stored in `self.linter.msgs_store.help_message`.
3707	Print full documentation and exit.
3708	It processes messages based on options.
3709	Prints checker names and exits.
3710	Normalizes text by wrapping it to a specified line length with optional indentation.
3711	This function takes a node, retrieves its frame, and then iterates through the frame hierarchy to collect module names and object names. It returns the module name and a string of object names separated by dots.
3712	Decodes a string using the specified encoding, or falls back to the default encoding if the specified encoding is not found.
3713	Checks if a base name matches any pattern in a blacklist regex.
3714	Registers plugins from a directory using `modutils.load_module_from_file` and `module.register` if the module is not empty and not a Python cache.
3715	Converts a string into a comment by prepending a hash symbol to each line.
3716	Converts a value to a string format based on the type specified in the option dictionary.
3717	Formats a section in a stream with options and documentation.
3718	This function formats an option dictionary into a string and writes it to a stream.
3719	Inserts a child node at a specified index in the children list of the current node, and sets the parent of the child node to the current node.
3720	Appends a child node to the current node.
3721	Returns a list of parent nodes, including the current node.
3722	Formats the given layout to the specified stream with the specified encoding.
3723	This function takes a table object and returns a list of lists representing the content of the table. It iterates over the content of the table, appending cells to the result list. If the number of columns changes, it appends empty cells to the result list until the number of columns matches.
3724	This method patches the output stream with a fresh stream for each child node, yielding the temporary representation.
3725	Collects block lines from messages store and updates state.
3726	Handles ignored messages based on state scope and message ID.
3727	Registers a report with the given details.
3728	This method generates a report section for each enabled report in a given order, applying a callback function to each section with the current statistics and old statistics.
3729	Adds stats to the object.
3730	Identifies setter property names from decorators.
3731	This function retrieves a property from a node by examining its class attributes and decorators.
3732	Checks if the return value of a node is not None and not a None constant.
3733	Identifies possible exception types in a Python code node.
3734	This method processes a module, identifies managed messages, and adds a message to the log based on the module's name and message status.
3735	Processes a module by checking its file encoding and handling encoding issues.
3736	This method processes tokens, identifies comments, and checks for specific disable options in comments. If a disable option matches a note in the configuration, it skips the comment. Otherwise, it adds a warning message.
3737	Checks if a local import from a future module is present in an AST node.
3738	Checks if a statement is in an `else` branch of a `for` loop.
3739	This method attempts to find a method definition in a class hierarchy by traversing the ancestors of a given class and its name. It returns the method node if found, otherwise returns `None`.
3740	Generates extra information about a node based on its location and module.
3741	Detects if two frames share a global scope based on their parent scopes.
3742	Checks if any assignment statement in the scope of a given name node has the same name.
3743	Mark node as consumed and remove from to consume list.
3744	This method checks for global variables in a Python AST, reporting issues such as global variables not being assigned, global variables being redefined as builtins, and global variables not being defined at the module level.
3745	Detects if a node is in a local class scope, considering assignment and function definitions.
3746	Checks if a node's name is a homonym in the upper function scope.
3747	Checks if unpacking is properly balanced in a function call.
3748	This method checks metaclasses in an AST and populates a list of consumed items.
3749	Recursively lists all packages in a directory, appending them to a result list with a specified prefix.
3750	This function installs Python packages using setuptools, handling command-line arguments and dependencies.
3751	This method installs libraries and directories, handling version-specific exclusions.
3752	Appends a table to the section with similar lines and their differences.
3753	This Python script processes command-line arguments to determine minimum line length, comment and docstring ignoring options, and then processes a list of files to find similar code snippets.
3754	Appends a new `LineSet` to the `linesets` list, reading lines from the given stream with optional encoding.
3755	This method computes similarity scores between linesets in a dataset, handling duplicates and sorting the results.
3756	This method displays the number of similar lines in each file, sorts them, and prints the lines of each set. It also calculates the total number of lines and the percentage of duplicates.
3757	This method iterates through two sets of lines, comparing them character by character, and yields the indices of lines that differ by more than a specified minimum number of characters.
3758	Iterates over pairs of linesets, finds common elements, and yields them.
3759	Enumerates stripped lines starting from a specified index.
3760	Creates a dictionary mapping lines to their indices.
3761	This function checks if a function definition is equivalent to a call site based on keyword arguments, variable arguments, and keyword-only arguments.
3762	Compares attribute equality of two nodes.
3763	This method checks if two functions have different parameters with default values.
3764	This function checks if the parameters of two methods differ in terms of positional, keyword-only, and variadic arguments, and returns a boolean indicating whether any of these differences exist.
3765	This method attempts to infer the result of a function call in an AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) using the `infer_call_result` method of the `node` object. It handles exceptions such as `InferenceError` and `StopIteration` to manage different scenarios of inference failure or ambiguity.
3766	Sets the accessed status of a node in a class frame.
3767	This method checks a class definition node for initialization methods, slots, proper bases, and consistent method resolution order.
3768	Checks for consistent method resolution order (MRO) and adds messages for inconsistencies or duplicate bases.
3769	Checks for invalid base classes in an AST node.
3770	This function checks if a method is hidden by an attribute and reports an error if it is.
3771	Checks for useless super delegation in Python methods.
3772	This method checks if a method is not using `self` and adds a message if it is not.
3773	Checks if an attribute can be assigned to a class without violating the slots mechanism.
3774	Sets `_meth_could_be_func` to `False` if the node's name matches the last attribute in `_first_attrs` or if `_first_attrs` is empty.
3775	This method checks if an attribute is accessed before its definition in a Python codebase using the `astroid` library.
3776	Checks if a class is abstract and identifies abstract methods in its subclasses.
3777	This method checks if two methods have the same signature and adds a message if they do not.
3778	Checks if the last attribute of a node is mandatory.
3779	Checks if the given list contains a `Raise` node.
3780	Checks for bad exception contexts in Python code.
3781	This function checks for super calls in a Python class and reports errors if they are not used correctly.
3782	Displays reports with IDs appended to their data.
3783	Checks if a class is a named tuple.
3784	Checks if a class is an enum by examining its base classes.
3785	Checks if a class is a dataclass.
3786	Initializes statistics, branches, and statements.
3787	This method checks if a class definition node has too many ancestors or instance attributes and adds a message to the configuration if so.
3788	This method checks if a class has more than a specified number of public methods and adds a warning message if it does.
3789	Counts branches in an `If` node, considering `elif` conditions.
3790	Checks boolean expressions in a node and adds a message if the count exceeds a maximum.
3791	Checks docstring for spelling errors.
3792	Convert namedtuple to dictionary and format template.
3793	This function checks if the last token in a given list of tokens is a return or yield statement.
3794	Checks if the current node directly follows an "else" in an `astroid.If` node.
3795	Checks if an `if` statement can be simplified by reducing both branches to a boolean expression.
3796	Checks if a generator function returns `StopIteration` and adds a message if it does.
3797	Checks if the given exception class inherits from `StopIteration`.
3798	Checks if a generator function returns `StopIteration` when called.
3799	This method checks nested blocks in an AST and sends a message if the current block is not nested within the previous one.
3800	This function identifies and returns a dictionary of types that are duplicated in a given AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) structure.
3801	Checks if the operation is not "or" and processes duplicated instance types.
3802	This method checks for chained comparisons in an AST and reports an error if they are found.
3803	Checks if a boolean operation node is an "and" or "or" with two sub-operations, where the first sub-operation is an "and" with two sub-operations.
3804	Checks if all return statements in a node are consistent.
3805	This method checks if a node in an AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) ends with a return statement, considering various types of nodes such as `Return`, `Call`, `While`, `Raise`, `If`, and `ExceptHandler`.
3806	Verifies `range` or `len` calls in `for` loops, ensuring the same object is used in the loop body.
3807	Checks if Graphviz is available and prints an error message if not.
3808	This method runs a project with given arguments, handles dependencies, and writes the project's diagrams in either VCG or DOT format.
3809	Summarizes the method `write_packages` in a concise manner.
3810	This method iterates over objects in a diagram, emitting nodes and edges based on their relationships.
3811	Sets up a printer with a specified layout and file name.
3812	Sets up a printer for a graph file with specified parameters.
3813	Determines if the method may be emitted based on the system version.
3814	Formats help message with version restrictions and checker reference.
3815	Returns a dictionary containing environment variables, including `PYTHONPATH`.
3816	This Python script traverses a directory tree to find the root of a Python package, then uses pylint to analyze the code within that package. It modifies the output to reverse the path traversal, ensuring that the final path is the original filename.
3817	This function runs pylint on the command line with optional options and returns the standard output and error.
3818	This function recursively explores all possible cycles in a graph, appending them to a result list.
3819	Returns the source code as a string.
3820	Generates a graph in the specified format (dot, png, etc.) using the provided source code.
3821	This function formats a section of a document with options and documentation, printing each part to a stream.
3822	Registers message definitions by ID in a managed message handler.
3823	Disables a message with the given ID, setting its status to disabled and registering it with the specified scope and line.
3824	Enables a message with the given ID, setting its status to enabled and registering it with the specified scope and line.
3825	Returns a list of symbols for a given message ID, or the message ID itself if not found.
3826	Checks if a message is enabled based on configuration and message definitions.
3827	Adds a message to the message store based on the provided description, line, node, arguments, confidence, and column offset.
3828	Summarizes the method `print_full_documentation` in Python, which prints detailed documentation about Pylint checkers and their options, messages, and reports.
3829	This function prints a detailed documentation for a checker, including its module, documentation, options, messages, and reports.
3830	Calculates the indentation length of a line.
3831	This function generates a formatted line with markers indicating the expected and bad indentation positions, providing a hint on how to fix the indentation.
3832	Calculates the indentation for a given index in a code snippet.
3833	Handles the start of a line by checking for an asynchronous token and updating the line start position.
3834	This method calculates valid indentation levels for a given index in a code snippet, considering the context of closing braces and 'for' statements.
3835	This method handles hanging indentation after a bracket, considering block and dictionary values, and returns a `ContinuedIndent` object with appropriate indentation levels.
3836	This method checks if the current token is the continuation of a block and returns a new indentation object accordingly.
3837	Appends continuation token to the stack based on token and position.
3838	This method checks if the last token on the current line is a semicolon and adds a message if so. It then updates the line number and splits the line into the first part. If the token type is not in a list of junk tokens, it updates the lines dictionary.
3839	This method checks for superfluous parentheses in a given list of tokens, specifically focusing on the `for` keyword and its usage within generator expressions.
3840	Checks if a type annotation is valid based on the context.
3841	Checks spacing based on token type and context.
3842	Checks if a token is surrounded by spaces.
3843	This method visits a node in an AST, handling default behavior and checking for multi-statement lines.
3844	Checks for multiple nested context managers, try-except-finally blocks, single-line if statements, and single-line class statements.
3845	This function checks lines for missing final newline, trailing whitespace, and line length exceeding the maximum allowed length, and returns the next line index to process.
3846	This method checks the indentation level of a given string against an expected level, adding messages to a configuration object if the indentation is incorrect.
3847	Determines if a node is being used as an iterator in a loop or comprehension.
3848	Determine if a node is a conditional import.
3849	Adds a message to the list of errors if the node's name is a built-in function.
3850	Visits subscript nodes, adding a message if the inferred type is not an instance of `astroid.Instance` and the type inherits from standard exceptions.
3851	This method checks for the `xreadlines` attribute in an AST node and adds a message if it is found. It also checks for exceptions with a `.message` attribute and warns if they are deprecated.
3852	Identifies and reports potential exceptions escaping from except blocks.
3853	Visits a raise node, ignoring empty raises, and checks the value of the exception. If the value is not checked, it attempts to unpack the exception and returns the unpacked value. If an inference error occurs, it checks the value again.
3854	Search for a `.pylintrc` file in the current directory or its parent directories, or in the user's home directory, and return the path if found.
3855	Validates a value based on the specified type and options.
3856	This method expands default values for options in a parser, handling cases where the parser is not set or the default tag is not found.
3857	Checks if an option is valid and raises an error if not.
3858	Registers options provider with a given priority, inserting it into the list if necessary. If the provider's priority is higher than any existing provider, it is inserted at the current position. If the provider's priority is not higher, it is appended to the end of the list. If the provider has own group options, it is added as a new group. Otherwise, it is added as individual options.
3859	Sets a provider option with a given value.
3860	Sets an option for all options.
3861	Generates a configuration file from options provided by multiple providers, skipping specified sections, and formatting the output.
3862	Loads configuration file, sets global options, handles undeclared options.
3863	This method loads command-line configuration options from a parser and sets them on a configuration object.
3864	Adds a new option group to the command-line parser with the specified title and description.
3865	Sets the output level of the command-line parser and returns the formatted help message.
3866	Sets default values for options based on their actions.
3867	This method retrieves the destination attribute name for a given option from an option dictionary.
3868	This method returns the value associated with a given option in a configuration section, or raises an error if the option is not found.
3869	This method generates a dictionary of options grouped by their sections, with each option represented as a tuple containing the option name, its dictionary, and its value. If a section is missing, it yields `None` and the corresponding section from the dictionary.
3870	Determines if a function is a method call with specific types and methods.
3871	Checks if a node's inferred value is a complex format string.
3872	This method processes logging module imports and stores them in a dictionary.
3873	Adds logging names from imports to a set.
3874	Adds logging names for specified modules.
3875	The method checks if a function is a logger and returns the logger name or a check result.
3876	This method checks the format string of a logging node to ensure it is correctly formatted and contains the appropriate number of arguments.
3877	Checks if a node is within a loop.
3878	Identifies the loop node containing a break statement.
3879	Identifies if a loop exits early by checking for `Break` statements in inner loops.
3880	This function takes a configuration object, updates a set of property classes, and returns a tuple containing the updated property classes and a set of property names.
3881	Determines the type of a function based on its decorators and properties.
3882	This code method generates a report by type statistics, including the percentage of documented and bad-named nodes for each type.
3883	Checks if a node has a decorator with the same name as the node itself.
3884	Checks if a call has exactly one positional argument and no keywords.
3885	This method checks if a starred expression in Python is used as an assignment target.
3886	This method checks for nonlocal and global variable conflicts in an AST node.
3887	Visits each function call in the AST, checking if the inferred class is abstract.
3888	Adds a message if the `else` clause of a loop is not used.
3889	This method checks if a node is within a loop and adds messages based on the type of loop and the node's position.
3890	Initializes the object's state with statistics and a list of try-finally blocks.
3891	This method checks for and reports on unnecessary string statements in Python code, focusing on those that are not assigned to variables or used in expressions.
3892	Checks if a lambda is unnecessary based on its body and argument list.
3893	Adds a message if the test is a tuple with exactly two elements.
3894	This method iterates through a dictionary, checking for duplicate keys. If a duplicate key is found, it adds a message to the code.
3895	Identify and add a message for unreachable statements.
3896	This method checks if a node is not part of a try...finally block and returns the node if it is not.
3897	Checks if a reversed() call is valid for a given node.
3898	This method checks for violations of naming conventions in Python code, specifically for variable assignments within functions, classes, and modules. It uses AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) to analyze the code structure and determine if the variable name follows best practices.
3899	This method checks if a given name is valid based on predefined rules and statistics.
3900	This method checks if a node's docstring is missing or empty based on its type and configuration.
3901	Checks if a literal is a constant and adds a message if it is.
3902	This method initializes a subgraph for a given node, parses it, and stores it in a dictionary.
3903	This method parses a code structure, dispatches nodes, and connects them to a graph.
3904	This method visits each node in a given AST, calculates its complexity, and adds a message if the complexity exceeds a specified limit.
3905	This method iterates over methods in a checker object, categorizing them into visits and leaves, and adding them to a dictionary based on their class names. It also includes a default visit method if available.
3906	This method walks through an AST, updating visit and leave events based on the class name of each node. It counts statements and processes events for each node.
3907	Adds a relationship to the object's relationships dictionary.
3908	Returns the relationship from the given object for the specified relation type.
3909	This function extracts attribute names from a given node, filtering out those associated with functions decorated with `property`, and returns them sorted.
3910	Returns a sorted list of function definitions from a node, excluding those decorated with `property` and showing attributes.
3911	Adds an object to the diagram with a given title and node.
3912	This function returns a list of class names from a list of nodes, excluding duplicates.
3913	Returns a list of classes defined in the objects.
3914	Finds a class by name in a list of classes.
3915	Returns a list of modules from the objects.
3916	Finds module by name in a list of modules.
3917	Search for module by name or fullname in a list of modules.
3918	Adds a module to the dependencies of a node in a module system.
3919	Deletes a grant for a client.
3920	Returns the query method from the model if it exists, otherwise returns a query method from the session.
3921	This method retrieves a user from the database based on the provided username and password.
3922	This method retrieves a user by their access token or refresh token from a database.
3923	This method handles token setting for a user, deleting existing tokens for the same client and user, and creating a new token with the provided details.
3924	Sets a grant in the session with the given client ID, code, redirect URI, scope, and user.
3925	Retrieves a record from the database based on client ID and code.
3926	This function prepares a request by setting headers, data, and method based on the input parameters.
3927	Initializes the application with extensions.
3928	Registers a remote app with the given name and optional registration flag.
3929	This method handles HTTP requests with optional parameters like URL, data, headers, format, method, content type, and token. It constructs the request URL, signs it with OAuth1 or OAuth2, and sends the request using the HTTP client.
3930	This method authorizes a user with OAuth2, generating a request token, setting up the URL, and preparing the request URI for redirection.
3931	Handles OAuth1 response by setting client credentials and making a request to access token URL.
3932	Handles OAuth2 response by preparing and sending a request to the access token URL.
3933	Handles OAuth1 or OAuth2 response based on request parameters.
3934	Decorates a function with a deprecation warning and returns the result of the decorated function.
3935	This function takes an application and a token, hashes the token if it's a dictionary or tuple, and returns a tuple containing the application's class name, name, and the hashed token.
3936	This method creates a client with a given token, caching it if it already exists.
3937	This method creates an OAuth session using the provided token.
3938	Sets `OAUTHLIB_INSECURE_TRANSPORT` to '1' if in debug or testing mode, otherwise warns and removes if not.
3939	Handles authorization request, redirects on errors.
3940	This method handles OAuth1 token requests by extracting parameters, creating a request token response, and returning the response or an error.
3941	This method retrieves the client secret for a given client key from a request object, logging the process and returning the client secret if available.
3942	This method retrieves the secret for a request token associated with a given client key.
3943	Retrieves the access token secret from the request or cache, returning it if available.
3944	Returns default realms for a client or an empty list if not available.
3945	This method retrieves realms from a token, handling cases where the token is not available or does not contain realms.
3946	Get redirect URI from request or grant getter
3947	This method retrieves the RSA key from a client object based on the provided client key.
3948	Validates client key for given client key and returns True if valid, False otherwise.
3949	Validates a request token against a client key.
3950	Validates access token for client key and request.
3951	Validates timestamp and nonce for client key.
3952	Validates redirect URI for client.
3953	Validates realms for a client key and token.
3954	Validates a verifier for a client key and token, setting the request's user attribute if the verifier has one.
3955	Verifies a request token, updating it if necessary.
3956	Verifies realms based on token and request.
3957	Saves access token to the system.
3958	Saves a request token with a log entry.
3959	Saves a verifier for a given token and request.
3960	Returns the error URI or error endpoint from the application configuration, or defaults to '/oauth/errors' if neither is set.
3961	This method processes an authorization request, extracts credentials, and handles various exceptions to create an authorization response or return an error.
3962	Verifies a request with given scopes and parameters.
3963	Extracts client credentials from a request header.
3964	This method checks if a client is confidential based on its type and grant type.
3965	Authenticate client based on credentials and secret.
3966	Authenticate client ID from request.
3967	Obtains the scopes of a refreshed token.
3968	Checks if the scopes provided match the scopes of the token obtained from the refresh token.
3969	This method retrieves the default redirect URI for a client based on the provided client ID and request.
3970	This method retrieves default scopes for a client based on the client ID and request, logging the found scopes.
3971	Invalidates an authorization code by deleting the corresponding grant token.
3972	Persist authorization code for client and return default redirect URI
3973	Saves bearer token, sets it, and returns default redirect URI.
3974	Validates bearer token, checks expiration, scope, and sets request attributes.
3975	Validates client ID and attaches client to request object if valid.
3976	Validates a code for a client, checking for grant existence, expiration, and setting request state and user.
3977	Validates grant type based on client's allowed grant types and default grant types.
3978	Validates a refresh token by checking if it matches the client ID of the request.
3979	Validates response type based on client's allowed types.
3980	Validates client scopes against the client's default scopes.
3981	Validates user credentials and sets the request user if valid.
3982	Revokes a token based on the provided token type hint or access token, deletes the token from the database, and returns a boolean indicating success or failure.
3983	Updates and returns a dictionary with default values and user-provided data.
3984	Convert dictionary keys to strings.
3985	Changes the authorization header from Bearer to OAuth2 if present.
3986	Registers a remote application with the specified OAuth provider.
3987	Creates a remote app with optional parameters.
3988	Extracts parameters from a request, including URI, HTTP method, body, and headers, excluding certain headers and replacing the Authorization header if present.
3989	Converts text to bytes using specified encoding.
3990	Decodes a base64 encoded string.
3991	Creates a response object with given headers, body, and status code.
3992	Returns cached clients from OAuth state.
3993	Adds a remote app to the system with optional name and keyword arguments.
3994	This method initializes a remote application based on the provided version and keyword arguments.
3995	Checks for exceptions in certificate operations.
3996	Checks the success of a DSA key generation process by generating keys and certificates multiple times.
3997	Iterates 100 times, loads private key from file, and prints "hello, secret".
3998	Checks if the `load_privatekey` function raises an error when called with incorrect parameters.
3999	Checks if the `load_privatekey` function raises a `ValueError` when called with the wrong type of private key file.
4000	This method iterates 100 times to add revoked certificates to a CRL object and then retrieves them.
4001	Iterates over `self.iterations * 100` times, creating a copy of `Revoked()`'s `_revoked` attribute, freeing the copy.
4002	Creates a certificate request with specified details.
4003	Generates a digital certificate using OpenSSL.
4004	This code defines a decorator `_requires_decorator` that checks a flag before calling the decorated function. If the flag is not set, it raises a `NotImplementedError` with a specified error message. Otherwise, it returns the decorated function.
4005	Loads SSL verification locations.
4006	Sets a password callback for the SSL context.
4007	Sets the certificate chain file for the SSL context.
4008	`use_certificate_file` sets the certificate file for an SSL context.
4009	Checks if the provided certificate is an instance of `X509`, raises a `TypeError` if not, and uses the certificate in the SSL context.
4010	Adds an extra chain certificate to the SSL context.
4011	```python
def use_privatekey_file(self, keyfile, filetype=_UNSPECIFIED):
    keyfile = _path_string(keyfile)
    if filetype is _UNSPECIFIED:
        filetype = FILETYPE_PEM
    elif not isinstance(filetype, integer_types):
        raise TypeError("filetype must be an integer")
    use_result = _lib.SSL_CTX_use_PrivateKey_file(self._context, keyfile, filetype)
    if not use_result:
        self._raise_passphrase_exception()
```
4012	The method `use_privatekey` checks if the input `pkey` is a `PKey` instance and raises a `TypeError` if it is not. It then uses the `SSL_CTX_use_PrivateKey` function to set the private key for the SSL context and raises a `PassphraseException` if the operation fails.
4013	Loads client CA certificates from a file into an SSL context.
4014	Sets the verification depth for the SSL context.
4015	Loads a temporary Diffie-Hellman parameter file into an SSL context.
4016	Sets the cipher list for the SSL context.
4017	Sets the client CA list for an SSL context.
4018	Adds a client certificate authority to the SSL context.
4019	Sets a callback function for server name indication (SNI) in an SSL context.
4020	Sets TLS extension to use SRTP profiles.
4021	Sets the next protocol callback for the SSL context.
4022	Sets the application layer protocol negotiation (ALPN) protocols for an SSL/TLS context.
4023	Sets the ALPN callback for the SSL context.
4024	Sets OCSP callback and data for SSL context.
4025	Sets the OCSP server callback.
4026	Sets the OCSP client callback.
4027	Sets the SSL context for the SSL object.
4028	Returns the server name from an SSL connection.
4029	Sets the TLS extension host name for the SSL connection.
4030	Reads data from an SSL connection.
4031	This method reads data from an SSL connection into a buffer, handling optional parameters like buffer size and flags. It uses a temporary buffer to avoid a memory copy and handles potential errors by raising an SSL error.
4032	Read data from a SSL connection.
4033	Checks if renegotiation is pending and attempts to renegotiate the SSL connection.
4034	Shutdown SSL connection.
4035	Extracts cipher list from SSL context.
4036	This method retrieves client CA names from an SSL connection and returns them as a list of `X509Name` objects.
4037	Sets SSL shutdown state.
4038	Generates a random server session.
4039	Generates a random client certificate.
4040	Extracts the master key from an SSL session.
4041	This method exports keying material from an SSL context.
4042	Creates a new session object from an SSL session handle.
4043	Returns the name of the current SSL cipher.
4044	Extracts cipher bits from SSL context.
4045	Returns the version of the current SSL/TLS cipher in human-readable format.
4046	Extracts the protocol version name from an SSL connection.
4047	Extracts the next protocol negotiated from an SSL connection.
4048	Sets the application layer protocol negotiation (ALPN) protocols for an SSL/TLS connection.
4049	Extracts the negotiated ALPN protocol from an SSL connection.
4050	This function creates a new memory buffer using OpenSSL's BIO library, optionally from a given byte array. It manages the memory by keeping the BIO alive as long as the data is referenced.
4051	Convert a BIO object to a string.
4052	Sets an ASN.1 time string in a boundary object.
4053	Convert an ASN1_TIME to a string.
4054	Returns the elliptic curve with the given name, or raises an error if the name is unknown.
4055	Convert public key to PEM or ASN1 format.
4056	Loads a public key from a buffer in PEM or ASN.1 format.
4057	Signs data using a public key and a specified digest method.
4058	Verifies a digital signature using OpenSSL.
4059	Convert X509 CRL to specified format.
4060	Convert a private or public key to a cryptography key.
4061	Generates a key based on the specified type and number of bits.
4062	Check if the key is RSA and raise an error if not.
4063	This method loads and returns a set of elliptic curves from a library, aborting if the number of curves is not as expected.
4064	Loads elliptic curves from a library.
4065	Convert an EC key by curve name.
4066	Convert X509_NAME to string.
4067	Extracts X.509 name entries into a list of tuples containing names and their corresponding values.
4068	Extracts the short name of an X509 extension.
4069	Extracts data from an X509 extension.
4070	Convert a request to a certificate signing request using cryptography.
4071	Sets the public key of an X509 request.
4072	Extracts public key from an X509 request object.
4073	Extracts the subject name from an X509 request.
4074	Adds extensions to an X509 request.
4075	Extracts extensions from an X509 request.
4076	Verifies a public key against an X509 request.
4077	Convert an X509 certificate to a cryptography certificate object.
4078	Sets the version of the X509 certificate.
4079	Generates a public key from an X509 certificate.
4080	Sets the public key of the X509 object.
4081	Verifies the signature of a message using a public key.
4082	Returns the signature algorithm name as a string.
4083	Convert a digest name to a digest object and return the hexadecimal representation of the digest result.
4084	Sets the serial number of an X509 certificate.
4085	Convert X509 serial number to integer.
4086	Adjusts the validity period of an X509 certificate by a specified number of seconds.
4087	Adjusts the `notBefore` date by the specified amount.
4088	Checks if a date string is expired.
4089	Returns the issuer name of the certificate.
4090	Sets the issuer of the certificate.
4091	Returns the subject name of the certificate.
4092	Sets the subject of the certificate.
4093	Adds extensions to the X509 certificate.
4094	Extracts an X509 extension from a certificate at a specified index.
4095	Adds a certificate to the store, silently ignoring duplicates in OpenSSL versions older than 1.1.0i.
4096	Adds a CRL to the X509 store.
4097	Sets the time parameter for the X509 store.
4098	Initializes an X509 store context.
4099	This method extracts error details from an X509 store context and returns an error object with the error details and the corresponding certificate.
4100	Verifies a certificate using OpenSSL.
4101	Sets the serial number of an X509_REVOKED structure from a hexadecimal string.
4102	Convert X509_REVOKED serial number to string.
4103	Sets the reason for a revoked certificate.
4104	Extracts and prints the reason for revocation from an X.509 certificate.
4105	Sets the revocation date of the certificate.
4106	Convert a certificate revocation list to a cryptography object.
4107	This method retrieves revoked certificates from an X.509 CRL and returns them as a tuple of `Revoked` objects.
4108	This method duplicates an X509 issuer from a CRL, wraps it in a Python object, and returns it.
4109	Signs an X509 CRL with a given issuer certificate and key using the specified digest.
4110	This method exports an X509 certificate and key into a CRL (Certificate Revocation List) with the specified type and validity period.
4111	Convert PKCS7 type to string name.
4112	Sets the CA certificates for the client.
4113	This method exports a PKCS12 certificate with specified parameters, including passphrase, friendly name, private key, certificate, and CA certificates.
4114	This method checks if the key is initialized and has a public part, then signs a digest using the provided public key.
4115	Verifies a key against a SPKI.
4116	Encodes an SPKI (Subject Public Key Information) using Base64 encoding.
4117	Extracts public key from a SPKI object.
4118	Sets the public key of the SPKI object.
4119	This function retrieves errors from a queue, appends them to a list, and raises a specified exception with the list of errors.
4120	Convert text to bytes and warn if text is used.
4121	This code defines a function `_print_token_factory` that takes a color parameter and returns a helper function `_helper` that prints a message with the specified color. If the standard output is a terminal, it uses the helper function; otherwise, it uses a workaround.
4122	Returns a dictionary with import labels as tags and label template.
4123	Iterates through boards, lists, and cards, creating issues with annotations.
4124	This method takes a card JSON, retrieves comments, builds annotations, and returns them.
4125	This method retrieves boards based on configuration settings, yielding board names.
4126	Filters lists based on include and exclude configurations.
4127	This method retrieves cards from a specified list in a Trello board, filtering by member or unassigned status.
4128	This function retrieves comments for a given card ID using the API and yields each comment.
4129	Constructs the API URL based on the host and path.
4130	This method fetches data from a URL using a session, handling authentication and error checking.
4131	Convert a comma-separated string of field parts into a dictionary.
4132	This method retrieves issues from a client, extracts repository information, and returns a dictionary mapping URLs to tuples containing repository and issue details.
4133	Returns a list of pull requests for the specified tag.
4134	This code aggregates remote issues using multiprocessing, handling both debug and non-debug modes. It spawns multiple worker processes to handle the aggregation, ensuring that the main thread waits for all workers to complete before returning the results.
4135	Retrieves configuration value or default if not found.
4136	This method returns a dictionary of templates based on the keys in `Task.FIELDS` and their corresponding values in `self.config`.
4137	Validates service configuration options.
4138	This method checks if an issue meets certain conditions based on configuration settings.
4139	This function generates a formatted table from a given grid of data.
4140	This function executes a command using subprocess, checks the return code, and returns the standard output if successful, or raises an error if the command fails.
4141	Convert a string to an integer, or return None if the string is empty.
4142	This Python function attempts to synchronize issues from a bug tracking system with a taskwarrior database, handling potential lock conflicts and errors gracefully.
4143	Fetches JSON data from a URL using the provided parameters.
4144	Iterates through a collection of data from a given URL, yielding each value.
4145	This function finds a local UUID for an issue based on its description and key list, handling legacy matching and multiple matches.
4146	Merges local and remote fields, handling duplicates and logging.
4147	Builds a dictionary of UDA overrides for each target.
4148	Convert sprint string to dictionary.
4149	This method retrieves and stores OAuth credentials for authentication.
4150	Calculates ROUGE scores for multiple sequences against reference sequences.
4151	This function calculates p-values for gene sets using hypergeometric distribution.
4152	Corrects p-values using the empirical cumulative distribution function (ECDF) and adjusts them to a significance level.
4153	Normalizes a 2D array along a specified axis.
4154	Generates a heatmap of a DataFrame with optional z-score normalization, title, and colorbar.
4155	Adjusts spines of an axis, setting their positions and colors.
4156	This function creates a command-line argument parser for Gene Set Enrichment Analysis in Python, allowing users to specify subcommands like 'gsea', 'prerank', 'ssgsea', 'plot', 'enrichr', and 'biomart'.
4157	This function adds a parser for running the GSEApy Prerank tool on a preranked gene list.
4158	Adds a parser for reproducing GSEA desktop output figures.
4159	This function adds an Enrichr parser to a given set of subparsers, allowing users to specify input gene lists, enrichr libraries, organism, description, cutoff, background, and top terms for analysis.
4160	This function calculates enrichment scores for a given gene list and correlation vector, considering different weighted score types and permutations.
4161	This function computes a ranking metric tensor based on the given expression matrix, permutation number, and method. It handles different methods such as signal-to-noise, t-test, ratio of classes, difference of classes, and log2 ratio of classes. The function returns the sorted indices and the corresponding ranking matrix.
4162	Calculates a ranking metric based on the given method and parameters.
4163	Computes p-values for a gene set enrichment analysis using numpy functions for parallel computation.
4164	This function computes FDRs for gene set enrichment scores using a zero by zero division approach.
4165	This method returns a DataFrame with two columns: "Name" and "Description", derived from the `self.names` and `self.displayNames` attributes, respectively.
4166	This method retrieves datasets from a specified Ensembl Mart and returns them as a pandas DataFrame.
4167	Convert dataset attributes to DataFrame with attribute names and descriptions.
4168	Convert dictionary of filters to DataFrame with columns "Filter" and "Description".
4169	This method queries Biomart for gene data, filters, and saves the results to a file.
4170	Runs GSEA on the provided data, gene sets, and class labels.
4171	Runs SingleSampleGSEA on the provided data and gene sets, saving the results to the specified directory.
4172	Runs the Prerank method with specified parameters.
4173	Runs the `Replot` method with specified parameters.
4174	Sets the number of cores based on the number of processes and the number of available CPU cores.
4175	Filters gene sets based on size constraints.
4176	Returns a sorted list of library names from the given database.
4177	Downloads and generates Enrichr library gene sets from the specified URL.
4178	This method creates a heatmap from a DataFrame based on specified phenotypes.
4179	This method saves results to a CSV file, optionally converting enrichment scores to normalized values.
4180	This method reads gene expression data from a file, handles missing values, and selects numeric columns based on a class vector.
4181	The method runs GSEA on gene expression data, parses labels, ranks metrics, computes ES, NES, pval, FDR, and RES, and generates reports and figures.
4182	The method `run` initializes and executes a GSEA analysis on gene expression data, handling data loading, filtering, and visualization.
4183	This method runs permutation tests on samples, computes gene set enrichment scores, and plots the results.
4184	This method runs SSGSEA for each gene in a DataFrame, calculates enrichment scores, and plots the results.
4185	Saves raw and normalized ES to CSV files in the specified directory.
4186	The method `run` processes GSEA files, extracts sample names, and plots results.
4187	Runs Enrichr analysis on gene list and gene sets.
4188	Convert gene sets to dictionary format.
4189	This method parses gene lists into a list of strings, handling different types of input such as lists, DataFrames, Series, and bed files.
4190	Sends a POST request with a list of genes and a description to a specified URL, returns the job ID if successful.
4191	This method checks if a list of genes is recognized by Enrichr and logs the number of successfully recognized genes.
4192	This method reads a background gene list from a file or a biomart database, returns a set of unique genes.
4193	This method runs an Enrichr analysis on a list of gene sets, handling both local and online modes, and saves the results to a file.
4194	This function creates a cube filter in a script with specified size, centering it if not specified, and applying a color if provided.
4195	This function generates a sphere filter script for a given radius and number of subdivisions, optionally setting a color.
4196	This function generates a torus filter script with specified parameters and adds it to a filter script object.
4197	This function generates plane hires edges for a script with specified parameters, including transformations and color.
4198	Convert size to list if not already, duplicate script, translate, rotate, sides, join, clean, and return None.
4199	This function reads a file containing color names and their corresponding RGB values, and returns the RGB values for a given color name. If the color name is not found, it returns default RGB values (white).
4200	This function checks if a variable is a list or tuple, converts it to a list if necessary, and appends the first element to the list `num_terms` times. If the list does not have the correct number of terms, it prints an error message and exits.
4201	Transforms a variable into a list, repeating its first element if necessary.
4202	Appends a filter XML to a script object if it's a FilterScript, appends it to a file if it's a string, or prints it otherwise.
4203	This function generates a filter XML for a subdivision surface operation in a script, allowing for customization of loop weight, iterations, edge threshold, and selection of affected faces.
4204	Merges vertices in a script based on a threshold.
4205	This function generates a filter XML for closing holes in a 3D model based on specified parameters.
4206	Splits vertices incident on non-manifold faces in a script with a specified vertex displacement ratio.
4207	This function generates a filter XML snippet for snapping mismatched borders in a script, allowing customization of edge distance ratio and whether to unify vertices.
4208	Convert value to list if not already, then translate using specified functions.
4209	Rotates a 3D object around the specified axis by the given angle.
4210	Convert value to list if not already, use single value for all axes, and scale script with given value.
4211	Transforms input script to cylindrical coordinates.
4212	The function `wrap2cylinder` takes a script, radius, pitch, taper, and optional pitch and taper functions, and returns a new script with cylindrical coordinates.
4213	```python
def bend(script, radius=1, pitch=0, taper=0, angle=0, straight_start=True, straight_end=False, radius_limit=None, outside_limit_end=True):
    # ... (rest of the code)
```
4214	This function takes a script, a curve, and a step size as input, deforms the curve by replacing 't' with 'z' and 't' with 'z+step', calculates the tangent and normal vectors, normalizes them, and then adds a new point to the curve. The function returns the modified curve.
4215	This function generates a filter XML for vertex color to texture conversion in a script, specifying texture file, dimensions, and options for overwriting, assigning, and filling the texture.
4216	This function writes a filter to a script that transfers the color of mesh objects to face objects.
4217	Generates a filter script for uniform mesh resampling with specified parameters.
4218	This function generates a filter XML for a Poisson surface reconstruction in a script, setting various parameters such as depth, confidence, iterations, and more.
4219	This function generates a Voronoi diagram on a script's layer, using a specified number of sample points, and then applies smoothing and selection operations.
4220	Generates a filter XML for selecting all faces and vertices in a script.
4221	Generates a filter XML for selecting vertices based on quality within a specified range.
4222	Generates a conditional face selection filter for a script.
4223	This function generates XML for conditional vertex selection based on a boolean function and strict face selection setting.
4224	`cylindrical_vert` computes the vertical function based on the given radius and inside condition.
4225	The function `spherical_vert` calculates the spherical coordinates of points within a specified radius from a given center point.
4226	This function generates a filter XML string for a script, setting various parameters such as merging visible layers, vertices, deleting layers, and keeping unreferenced vertices. It then writes this XML to a script file and adds a new layer named "Merged Mesh". If the script is an instance of `mlx.FilterScript`, it adds this new layer. If the `delete_layer` parameter is set to `True`, it deletes all layers in the script.
4227	This function renames the current mesh in a script with a specified label and layer number.
4228	This function changes the current layer in a mesh script, optionally specifying the layer number.
4229	This function duplicates the current layer in a script, optionally at a specified layer number, and adds a copy of the original layer to the script.
4230	Deletes layers from a script starting from the specified layer number.
4231	Handle error by retrying or exiting based on user input.
4232	This function processes project files and separate input files, changing layers based on file extensions and running specific cleaning operations.
4233	Inserts a new layer with the given label at the specified position in the layer stack, optionally changing the current layer.
4234	Removes a layer from the stack and adjusts the current layer if necessary.
4235	Saves script to file.
4236	This method runs a script with specified parameters, parses output, and handles temporary files.
4237	This code generates a shield model using a series of concentric annuluses and diamonds, with a spherical deformation applied.
4238	This function generates a filter script for MeshLab to compute the Hausdorff distance between two meshes, allowing for various sampling options and saving the results.
4239	Generates a Poisson disk sampling filter with specified parameters.
4240	This function generates a filter script for mesh element subsampling in a simulation, specifying the element type and the number of samples.
4241	This function generates a filter script for clustered vertex subsampling in a given script, specifying cell size, sampling strategy, and selection status.
4242	This function generates a filter XML for a flat plane projection in a script, allowing the user to specify the projection plane and whether to preserve the aspect ratio.
4243	This function generates a filter XML for a parametrization method in a script, allowing for customization of parameters such as the number of triangles per line, texture dimension, border, and method.
4244	Generates a Voronoi atlas filter for a given script with specified region number and overlap option.
4245	This function writes a filter XML to a script and sets a flag if the script is an instance of `mlx.FilterScript`.
4246	This function parses a log file to extract topology information and optionally prints or logs the results.
4247	This function reads a log file, extracts Hausdorff distances, and optionally prints or logs them.
4248	This function generates a filter XML string for a vertex color function in a script, allowing customization of red, green, blue, and alpha values.
4249	Generates a Voronoi vertex coloring filter for a specified target and source layer, with an optional backward distance setting.
4250	Generates a cyclic rainbow effect in a 3D space based on specified parameters.
4251	Calculates the arctangent of `y/x` considering the signs of `x` and `y`.
4252	Calculates the cross product of two vectors.
4253	Transforms a list of numbers by multiplying each by a scalar.
4254	Defines a new per-vertex attribute in a filter XML.
4255	This function generates a filter XML string for flipping faces in a script, with options to force the flip and specify whether to only flip selected faces.
4256	Generates a filter XML for computing normals in point sets with specified parameters.
4257	Generates a Taubin smoothing filter for a given script with specified parameters.
4258	This function generates a filter XML string for depth smoothing in a 3D modeling software, allowing for customization of smoothing steps, viewpoint, and selection of faces.
4259	Sorts polylines from an OBJ file and logs the bounding box details.
4260	This function measures the topology of a mesh using a MATLAB script and returns the resulting topology.
4261	This function measures geometry and topology of a mesh file and returns the results.
4262	This function measures the dimensions of a 3D object based on specified axis and offset, and logs the results.
4263	Convert filename to lowercase if it has an extension.
4264	Modifies the request class to set a maximum content length based on the application's configuration.
4265	Configures upload settings for a set with given app, defaults, and prefix.
4266	Configures upload sets for an application.
4267	Configures the application's upload set configuration.
4268	Generates a URL for uploading a file based on the configuration and filename.
4269	This method constructs a file path based on a given filename and an optional folder name, using the `os.path.join` function to combine the destination path and the filename.
4270	Checks if an extension is allowed based on configuration.
4271	Generates a unique filename by appending a number to the base name until a unique file is found in the target folder.
4272	Extracts the version number from a Python file.
4273	Removes duplicates from a list of objects by storing unique object IDs in a set and appending objects to a list if their ID is not already in the set.
4274	Calculates the difference in object counts between two lists.
4275	Formats a dictionary of object counts into a list of tuples sorted by count in descending order.
4276	Tracks memory usage for specific modules.
4277	This method processes a list of events, updating the last event's memory usage if it matches the current event's memory usage.
4278	Calculates overhead count for an object.
4279	Computes memory overhead by subtracting initial RSS size from current RSS.
4280	Summarizes the `profile_package` method, which profiles a Python script using `runpy` and `CodeEventsTracker`.
4281	Compiles and executes Python code from a file, tracking memory overhead.
4282	Summarizes the `profile_function` method, which profiles memory overhead and returns the result of running a target object with specified arguments.
4283	This method processes a profiler result, calculates the difference in object counts, formats the result, and returns a dictionary containing the object name, code events, total events, object count, result, and timestamp.
4284	This function returns a set of absolute paths to Python modules within a specified package.
4285	Runs a function in a separate process and returns its output.
4286	Determines the type of a run object based on its type and structure.
4287	Initializes the module with a given run object.
4288	Initializes the package with a run object, setting up attributes like profile, run object, run arguments, and object name.
4289	Initializes the object with a profile, run object, arguments, and keyword arguments.
4290	Replaces `sys.argv` with `self._run_object` and appends `self._run_args` if provided.
4291	Tracks profiling statistics for a Python program.
4292	Inserts a function into a call tree with a specified sample count.
4293	Recursively sums the sample counts of all child nodes.
4294	Convert a tree structure into a formatted JSON object.
4295	This method constructs a call tree from a dictionary of statistics, recursively inserting stacks and updating sample counts.
4296	This method profiles a Python package by collecting call statistics and runtime information.
4297	This method reads a Python script, profiles its execution, and returns a dictionary containing profiling statistics.
4298	This method profiles a function, returns a dictionary with profiling results, and includes the current timestamp.
4299	Transforms profiling statistics into a list of records sorted by percentage of total time.
4300	This method profiles a Python script, calculates call statistics, and returns a dictionary containing the object name, call statistics, total time, primitive calls, total calls, and timestamp.
4301	This method profiles a Python module, reads its source code, compiles it, and then uses `cProfile` to measure execution time and call statistics. It returns a dictionary containing the object name, transformed call statistics, total time, primitive calls, total calls, and a timestamp.
4302	Summarizes profiling results from a method.
4303	Initializes a database by executing a script and committing changes.
4304	This function retrieves guestbook entries from a database and renders them using a Jinja2 template.
4305	Inserts a new entry into the database with the provided name and message.
4306	Handles HTTP requests for 'main' and 'add' URIs, redirects to '/' on success.
4307	Start HTTP server with optional debugging and browser opening.
4308	Reads a file from the current directory and returns its content as a string with the MIME type 'text/html'.
4309	Read file content and determine MIME type based on file extension.
4310	Handles GET requests by compressing the response content using gzip and sending it back to the client.
4311	Handles POST request, decompresses JSON data, updates profile JSON, and sends response.
4312	Sends HTTP response with optional message and headers.
4313	Checks if a module path is in the standard library.
4314	Records line information with timing.
4315	This method iterates through lines of code, yields previous line details if not a standard directory and not the current module, and updates the runtime for the current line.
4316	Updates execution counts and heatmap for each line in `self.lines_without_stdlib`.
4317	This function takes a source code string and a dictionary of line numbers to skip, returning a list of tuples representing the lines and their positions in the code.
4318	This method profiles a Python script, calculates heatmaps, and returns the object name, run time, and heatmaps.
4319	This method reads a file, calculates skips, sums execution times, and returns a dictionary with file details, heatmap, execution count, source code, and run time.
4320	This method reads a Python script, compiles it, and then executes it using a profiling tool. It captures the execution time and generates heatmaps for each file, returning a dictionary containing the object name, run time, and heatmaps.
4321	This method profiles a function, calculates its execution time, and returns a dictionary containing the object name, run time, result, timestamp, and heatmaps.
4322	This function runs specified profilers on a given object with optional verbosity.
4323	This function runs a function with given options and arguments, compresses the results, and sends them to a remote server.
4324	Predicts probabilities for each class in a Spark DataFrame.
4325	`predict_log_proba` method in `SparkBaseNB` class handles prediction of log probabilities for a given dataset `X`. It first checks if `X` is a `BlockRDD` and returns the result of `super().predict_log_proba(X)` if not. Otherwise, it maps each element of `X` to the result of `super().predict_log_proba(X)`.
4326	Fits a model on a dataset, updating the model's parameters.
4327	Convert a list of analyzed documents into a sparse matrix representation.
4328	Convert vocabulary to a sorted list of terms and map old indices to new indices.
4329	This method filters a dataset `X` based on document frequencies, removing terms that exceed specified thresholds.
4330	Transforms data using a vocabulary and filters features based on specified criteria.
4331	Transforms a dataset using a vocabulary and a mapping function.
4332	Convert the current object's attributes to a Scikit-learn StandardScaler instance.
4333	This method fits a model to each row of a DataFrame using Spark, updates the instance with the average of the fitted models, and returns the updated instance.
4334	Transforms DataFrame rows into predictions using a Spark model.
4335	Fits a SparkLinearRegression model on the provided RDD.
4336	Fits the last step of the pipeline on the transformed data.
4337	Transforms the input data using the last step in the pipeline.
4338	Calculates the final score of a dataset after applying a series of transformations.
4339	This method fits a model with different parameters using cross-validation and stores the results.
4340	Calculates the score of an estimator on test data using a given scoring function.
4341	Fits a SparkKMeans model on the input data, handling both RDD and DataFrame inputs and using k-means|| initialization if specified.
4342	Predicts labels for RDDs using a trained model.
4343	Predicts using SparkSGDClassifier with input RDD.
4344	Checks if the RDD type matches the expected type.
4345	This method creates a vocabulary from a dataset, handling both RDD and dictionary inputs, and returns a dictionary mapping feature names to their indices.
4346	The method `fit` processes a dataset `Z` to calculate statistics for each feature, handling both dense and sparse matrices. It uses a mapper to compute the mean and variance for each block of data, then combines these statistics using a reducer. If any feature's variance does not meet a specified threshold, it raises a ValueError.
4347	Transforms data using SparkTruncatedSVD with EM algorithm.
4348	Transforms data using a SparkTruncatedSVD model.
4349	This function takes an iterator, a data type, and an optional block size, then yields packed accumulated data chunks.
4350	This function takes an iterator, a list of data types, and an optional block size, then yields tuples of accumulated data based on the specified data types and block size.
4351	Convert RDD to dictionary, tuple, sparse, or array based on the type of the first element.
4352	Transforms RDD using a function, returning a new RDD of the specified type.
4353	Calculates the sum of the first dimension of the RDD and returns a tuple containing the sum and the second element of the first RDD.
4354	Convert RDD to array and concatenate results.
4355	Transforms data using a function, optionally applying to specific columns and data types.
4356	Returns the file permissions of a file based on the given permission and position.
4357	Checks if the user has write permissions on the given path.
4358	Checks the configuration file and prints a success message.
4359	Read file, validate data, update.
4360	This function constructs a command to execute a given command as a specified user, using the specified shell.
4361	Executes a command with optional cwd and timeout, returns stdout and stderr, raises ExecuteError on error.
4362	Executes a command over SSH with optional port and working directory.
4363	Validates the request data, ensuring it includes a content type and method, and handles JSON body parsing.
4364	Returns a copy of the default headers or the headers from the data dictionary.
4365	Returns the body data from the object, handling nested dictionaries and JSON serialization.
4366	Constructs the URL for Home Assistant events based on the event option.
4367	Generates a URL for IFTTT based on the event and key from the data dictionary.
4368	This function checks the source IP address of a packet and returns a formatted string based on the device type.
4369	Appends source MAC address to list if 'Amazon' is found in packet text.
4370	`discover` function prints help message and scans devices using `scan_devices` function with specified filter and interface.
4371	Executes the device with optional root access, logs the execution, and sends confirmation messages.
4372	Sends a confirmation message to a device, logging any errors.
4373	Updates last execution time if device is newer than the last execution time plus the delay.
4374	Start a new thread to execute a device with the specified source.
4375	Runs the scan_devices method with specified parameters.
4376	Convert transaction to OFX format.
4377	This function searches for a ledger file path in the environment or a specified file path, returning the absolute path if found.
4378	Runs the tests for the given session and install the specified package.
4379	Transforms relative SVG paths in README.md to absolute URLs.
4380	Convert JSON file to `PrecalculatedTextMeasurer` object.
4381	Loads default text widths from a JSON file.
4382	Generates a badge SVG with specified text, links, and colors.
4383	Generates supported characters from a TrueType font file.
4384	Generates a list of characters that can be encoded with the given encodings.
4385	This function calculates the length of each character in a given text using a `TextMeasurer` and returns a dictionary mapping each character to its length.
4386	This function writes a JSON file containing various metrics about a text measurer, including the mean character length, character lengths, kerning characters, and kerning pairs.
4387	Applies a 2D Gaussian convolution to an image using a 1D Gaussian kernel.
4388	Generates a 1D Gaussian kernel with specified width and standard deviation.
4389	Convert an image to grayscale and optionally include the alpha channel.
4390	Compares an image with a list of images using the SSIM metric.
4391	Calculates the Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) between two images.
4392	Computes the Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) between two images using a Gaussian kernel.
4393	Destroys the object if autoTick is enabled.
4394	Sets the code version and applies a command.
4395	This method returns a dictionary containing various raft state information.
4396	Logs the status of an object.
4397	Finds the node associated with a given connection.
4398	Attempts to bind server until ready or max retries reached.
4399	Adds a connection to a set of unknown connections and sets up callbacks for incoming messages and disconnections.
4400	Handles incoming messages, manages connections, and processes commands like 'status', 'add', 'remove', and 'set_version'.
4401	Updates the connection with the result of the command execution.
4402	Determines if a node should be connected based on its type, absence from a list, and its address comparison with the current node.
4403	Connects a node if necessary, handling retries and state checks.
4404	Handles outgoing connection setup, sending random keys, and sending node address.
4405	Handles incoming messages by sending a random key and setting up callbacks for message reception.
4406	Removes a connection from unknown connections, updates node status, and connects if necessary.
4407	Adds a node to the network and sets up its connection.
4408	Removes a node from the connection manager, disconnects it, and updates internal data structures.
4409	Sends a message to a node if it is connected.
4410	Removes all node callbacks and connections, unbinds the server, and clears unknown connections.
4411	Appends an item to the end of the list if the list is not full.
4412	Adds an item to the heap if the heap is not full.
4413	Returns the smallest element from the heap or the default value if the heap is empty.
4414	Acquires a lock with the specified ID and executes a callback function if provided.
4415	Checks if a lock is acquired by the current thread.
4416	Releases a lock with the specified ID.
4417	This function wraps another function to add logging and error handling, returning a dictionary with the result of the function call.
4418	This decorator checks for a valid Watchman token in the request headers or query parameters, returning a 403 Forbidden response if the token is invalid.
4419	Creates a connection to a list of hosts with optional SSL configuration.
4420	Creates an Elasticsearch index for each name in the list, handling settings and exceptions.
4421	This function migrates indexes by creating new ones with updated mappings and reindexing documents.
4422	Removes metadata from a report dictionary.
4423	Sends aggregate reports to Kafka.
4424	Extracts XML content from a file or string.
4425	This function parses an aggregate report file, extracting XML and then parsing it with optional parameters.
4426	Convert forensic reports to CSV format.
4427	This function parses a report file, handling different types of reports and stripping attachment payloads if specified.
4428	This function retrieves and formats the capabilities of an IMAP server.
4429	This code saves aggregate and forensic reports to JSON and CSV files in a specified directory, and creates a directory for samples with filenames based on the parsed sample data.
4430	This code generates a zip file containing all files and directories from a given directory structure.
4431	This function sends an email with a zip attachment containing DMARC results.
4432	Saves aggregate reports to Splunk using HTTP POST.
4433	Saves forensic reports to Splunk using the provided dictionary or list of dictionaries.
4434	Decodes base64 encoded data.
4435	This function downloads and returns the public suffix of a given domain.
4436	This function attempts to reverse DNS lookup for a given IP address, handling exceptions and returning the hostname if successful.
4437	Convert human timestamp to datetime object with optional timezone setting.
4438	Downloads and caches the MaxMind Geolite2 Country database, handling parallel downloads and system paths.
4439	This function retrieves and returns information about an IP address, including its country, reverse DNS, and base domain, using caching and parallel processing if specified.
4440	Convert Outlook MSG to EML using msgconvert utility.
4441	Convert string to list, strip leading spaces from each element.
4442	This function parses a report file, handles errors, and updates a counter.
4443	Drains subscriptions and waits for completion within a timeout.
4444	Publishes a message to a subject with a specified payload, handling connection errors and payload size limits.
4445	Publish request method checks connection status, payload size, and yields messages.
4446	This method publishes a message to a topic with a specified subject, reply, and payload, updating statistics and yielding the result of the command execution.
4447	Subscribes to a subject asynchronously.
4448	Unsubscribes from a specified SSID with optional maximum messages, raising errors if the connection is closed or draining, and suppressing auto-unsubscribe for non-reconnecting connections.
4449	Flush method sends a ping and waits for a response with a timeout. If the response is not received within the timeout, it raises a timeout error.
4450	This method selects the next server from a pool, handling reconnects and backoff logic.
4451	Processes error messages, yields from operation errors, sets error, creates task to close connection if not connecting.
4452	Handles error processing and reconnection logic in a client class.
4453	Connects to a server with specified options, handling authentication and name.
4454	Processes a pong by removing it from the list, setting its result to `True`, incrementing the received pong count, and decrementing the outstanding pings count.
4455	This method processes incoming messages, updates statistics, and manages subscriptions, handling slow consumers by dropping messages.
4456	This method processes information about server connections, filters similar servers, and appends them to a server pool.
4457	This method initializes a connection to a NATS server, parses the server's response, and sets up the connection state.
4458	Flushes data from a queue and handles errors.
4459	Reads data from an I/O reader, handling errors and closing gracefully.
4460	Summarizes a dataset, extracts studies based on seed or peaks, creates a meta-analysis, and saves results.
4461	Decodes images using specified method and saves the results to a CSV file.
4462	Loads feature images and names from an array.
4463	Loads features from images and sets feature names and images.
4464	Calculates Pearson correlation between feature images and decoded images.
4465	Calculates the dot product of the transpose of `imgs_to_decode` with `feature_images`.
4466	Selects features based on K-best or random best criteria from the input dataset.
4467	This function takes a dataset, masks, and threshold, and returns a tuple of feature data and class labels for each study that meets the threshold. It loads masks, groups studies by mask, removes overlapping studies, and extracts feature data for each class.
4468	Returns the indices of the specified features in the dataset.
4469	Classifies regions using a specified method and parameters.
4470	Build a classifier, fit it, and return the score, number of unique classes, classifier, selected features, and predictions.
4471	Fits the classifier on the provided data.
4472	Sets class weights for a classifier based on the provided class distribution.
4473	This method performs cross-validation on a dataset using a specified cross-validation method and scoring metric, and optionally performs feature selection.
4474	Fits a classifier on rotated dataset features.
4475	This function calculates the average within regions of a dataset, optionally applying a mask and threshold.
4476	Selects `n_voxels` random voxels from a dataset's masker and returns their image data.
4477	Extracts top words from a topic model.
4478	Calculates Pearson correlation coefficient between two arrays.
4479	This function calculates the false discovery rate (FDR) for a given set of p-values.
4480	Loads activation data from a CSV file, transforms it to a target space, and returns the transformed data.
4481	Creates an image table with the given row.
4482	This method retrieves studies based on various search criteria such as features, expression, mask, peaks, and frequency threshold. It returns the selected study IDs or data based on the specified return type.
4483	Adds features to the feature table based on the provided parameters.
4484	Returns feature names based on provided features or all if none are specified.
4485	This method calculates the count of features that meet a specified threshold in a dataset.
4486	Loads a dataset from a file, handling potential UnicodeDecodeError by specifying the encoding.
4487	Saves the object to a file using pickle.
4488	This method retrieves image data based on specified study IDs and voxels, handling sparse matrix retrieval if no IDs or voxels are provided.
4489	This method retrieves feature data from a dataset based on specified IDs and features, converting the result to a dense format if requested.
4490	Returns a list of column names from the DataFrame that are in the provided list of features.
4491	This method filters and returns indices of rows in a DataFrame based on a condition applied to a specified feature column.
4492	This method searches for features in a DataFrame based on a search string.
4493	This method parses a given expression using a lexer and parser, then returns the keys and values of the parsed expression.
4494	Convert dense data to CSR matrix.
4495	This function wraps a function to issue a deprecation warning when called.
4496	Transforms a matrix and focus points using linear algebra.
4497	Convert focus points to a matrix and reverse column order.
4498	Applies a transformation to a point if the transformation name exists in the dictionary, otherwise returns the point unchanged.
4499	Mask the image based on the current mask and optional global mask, optionally replacing NaN values with a specified number.
4500	This method generates a mask for a given set of layers, optionally including the full volume, and returns the mask based on the specified output format.
4501	This function loads images from a list of filenames, applying a masker to each image and returning a 2D array of the masked data.
4502	Saves a Nifti1Image from a masked data array with specified header.
4503	Sets logging level based on environment variable or default.
4504	Expands an address with optional languages and keyword arguments.
4505	Normalizes tokens in a string, optionally removing parentheses, and returns a list of tuples with the normalized string and its corresponding token type.
4506	`parse_address` decodes the input address and passes it to `_parser.parse_address` with optional language and country parameters.
4507	`_near_dupe.near_dupe_hashes`
4508	Convert dictionary to object using namedtuple.
4509	Fetches ticker price data from a specified API endpoint with optional parameters for start and end dates, format, and frequency.
4510	This method fetches stock prices from Tiingo API, optionally filtering by metric and date range, and returns a DataFrame with the prices.
4511	Fetches bulk news data from Tiingo API based on file ID and format.
4512	This method sends a request to a specified URL using the provided HTTP method and headers, handling exceptions and logging errors.
4513	This method retrieves a bearer token from Spotify using client credentials.
4514	This method handles HTTP requests with retries, token refreshes, and error handling for various HTTP status codes.
4515	Fetches album tracks from Spotify API.
4516	`artist` method sends a GET request to the `/artists/{spotify_id}` endpoint with the provided `spotify_id`.
4517	Fetches artist albums from Spotify API.
4518	Fetches top tracks for an artist by Spotify ID and country.
4519	Fetch related artists for a given Spotify ID.
4520	This method sends a GET request to the '/artists' endpoint with a payload containing a list of Spotify IDs.
4521	This method sends a GET request to the '/browse/categories/{category_id}' endpoint with optional country and locale parameters.
4522	This method retrieves playlists for a specified category from a music service, allowing for pagination and filtering by country.
4523	This method sends a GET request to the '/browse/categories' endpoint with optional parameters for limit, offset, country, and locale.
4524	This method retrieves featured playlists from the Spotify API, allowing for customization of parameters such as locale, country, timestamp, limit, and offset.
4525	This method fetches new releases from the music streaming service with optional parameters for country, limit, and offset.
4526	Summarizes a method that makes a GET request to a recommendation endpoint with specified parameters, including optional market and filters.
4527	Fetches the list of artists or users following the authenticated user.
4528	Fetches albums from an artist's profile.
4529	Fetches all albums for a given artist, paginating through results.
4530	Calculates the total number of albums for a given artist.
4531	Fetches related artists for a given artist ID.
4532	Asynchronously fetches the currently playing track and context from the Spotify API, returning them as a tuple.
4533	Asynchronously retrieves and returns a `Player` object from the client's current player information.
4534	Convert HTTP response to list of Device objects.
4535	Convert recent played data into a list of dictionaries with track and context information.
4536	Replace tracks in a playlist.
4537	Reorders tracks in a playlist.
4538	Creates a playlist with specified details and returns the playlist object.
4539	Asynchronous method to fetch playlists from a client, handling optional parameters and returning a list of Playlist objects.
4540	Fetches album tracks from the API with specified limit and offset.
4541	Fetches all tracks from an album using the Spotify API.
4542	Generates an OAuth2 URL for authentication.
4543	Fetches an album from Spotify using the provided Spotify ID and market.
4544	Fetches an artist from Spotify using the provided Spotify ID.
4545	Asynchronous method to fetch a track from Spotify using the provided ID.
4546	Fetches a user from Spotify using their ID.
4547	Fetches albums from the Spotify API based on provided IDs and market.
4548	Fetches artists from the API based on provided IDs.
4549	This method searches for music items based on a query and type, returning a dictionary of lists of music objects.
4550	Convert a string to an ID by stripping, matching against URI or OPEN patterns, or return the original string if no match is found.
4551	Decorator that checks if an object has a specific attribute and raises an exception if it does not.
4552	Convert client to class instance with HTTP client ID
4553	Constructs an OAuth2 URL with specified parameters.
4554	This method returns a dictionary containing client ID, redirect URI, and optional scope and state parameters.
4555	Convert dictionary items to query string format.
4556	Builds a playlist from a list of tracks.
4557	Fetches all tracks from a playlist using pagination.
4558	Resumes playback on the specified device.
4559	Transfers a device to the user's HTTP player.
4560	Retrieves data from a Spotify object's href attribute using an HTTP client.
4561	This method checks the validation of a domain and IPv4, updates the intern dictionary with the results, and returns the referer status or None if the validation was not passed.
4562	Converts or shortens a month string to its corresponding numeric representation.
4563	This method updates code URLs by iterating through directories and files, ignoring specified files and directories, and updating documentation for each file.
4564	Compares two versions and returns True if the current version is greater.
4565	Checks if the current branch is `dev`.
4566	Checks if the current version is greater than the version in the YAML file.
4567	Backup data to a log file.
4568	Restores the backup content by updating counters based on the current status.
4569	This method checks if a line should be ignored based on a list of regex patterns.
4570	This method processes a list of options, extracting domains using a regular expression, and returns a list of valid domains.
4571	Extracts the base URL or first element before the first slash from a list or string.
4572	Formats a list of strings by splitting them based on specific delimiters and appending valid domain or IP addresses to a result list.
4573	This method attempts to fetch the HTTP status code of a URL or a constructed URL using the `requests` library. It handles various exceptions such as invalid URLs, timeouts, connection errors, and invalid headers. If any of these exceptions occur, it returns `None`.
4574	This method checks the HTTP status code of a resource and returns it if it is valid, otherwise returns a star.
4575	This function checks if a given domain is valid by loading a configuration and then checking if the domain is valid.
4576	Checks if a given domain is a subdomain.
4577	Checks if the given IP is valid.
4578	Checks if the given IP is a valid IPv4 range.
4579	Checks if the provided URL is valid.
4580	Loads configuration file if not already loaded.
4581	Print a message based on a random condition.
4582	This method checks if a given URL is valid, downloads its content if it exists, and updates the file to test accordingly.
4583	The method `_entry_management_url` checks if the `url_file` is a URL and initiates a filename for testing if it's not.
4584	Prints a header based on configuration settings.
4585	The method `_file_decision` processes a file based on its status, updating the database and logging the execution time.
4586	This method processes a domain, formats it, tests its status, and returns the result.
4587	This method tests a URL and returns its status.
4588	Colorizes the ASCII representation of PyFunceble based on the percentage of up.
4589	This function processes a domain string, removing comments and handling spaces or tabs, returning the domain after the first string in the hosts file format.
4590	Extracts domain names from a file, handling both ASCII and UTF-8 encoded files.
4591	This method processes a list of domain names, converting them to IDNA if necessary, filtering out inactive domains, and then testing each domain against a database.
4592	This method filters, formats, and tests a list of URLs based on certain criteria.
4593	Switches a boolean variable based on its current state, raising an exception if the state is not a boolean.
4594	This method checks if a specific key exists in a dictionary and returns a value if it does, otherwise raises an error.
4595	Handles the parsing and generation of status files based on the caught status.
4596	This method downloads a directory structure file from a specified URL based on the current version of PyFunceble, updating the structure from the configuration file if the file exists, or from the production or development branch if the version is `dev`.
4597	This method creates a directory and its parent directories if they do not exist, updating permissions if running under Travis CI.
4598	Deletes directories not in the structure.
4599	Sets the path to the configuration file with the directory separator appended.
4600	The method `_load_config_file` attempts to load a configuration file, updating PyFunceble's configuration, installing iana, public suffix, and directory structure files, and handling exceptions if the configuration file is not found.
4601	This method downloads the production configuration file from a specified URL and saves it to a default location.
4602	This method installs the IANA configuration by updating the link and setting the destination, returning the download status if the current version is not the cloned version.
4603	This method downloads the public suffix configuration file from a specified URL if it is not already present in the current directory.
4604	This method installs the directory structure file based on the current version and configuration settings.
4605	Merges upstream configuration with PyFunceble's configuration, removes specified keys, and returns the modified configuration.
4606	The method `_load` checks for the presence of a configuration key and prompts the user to merge upstream configuration files if necessary.
4607	Splits version into digits and non-digits parts.
4608	Checks if the local version is older, newer, or the same as the upstream version.
4609	Checks if the current directory is a clone of a Git repository by verifying the existence of specific files and directories.
4610	Handles non-existent index by setting default values.
4611	Constructs the path to the analytic directory based on the domain status.
4612	Constructs the path of the unified file based on configuration settings and prints the test results to a file.
4613	This method generates a status file based on the domain status, source, and expiration date, and prints the status on screen if needed.
4614	Checks if the domain is down, invalid, or not in the list of extracted domains.
4615	Updates the public suffix database with the parsed line if it's not already present.
4616	Loads the public DNS database if not already loaded.
4617	Removes special characters from a string using regex.
4618	This method takes an element, checks if it's a valid URL, and then processes it to extract and format the domain name.
4619	Updates the global database with the content of `self.iana_db` if it is not already present.
4620	This method retrieves the referer from an IANA whois record for a given extension, handling both automatic and manual server configurations.
4621	This method extracts domain extensions from a list of lines, using regular expressions to identify the extensions and their corresponding referers.
4622	Updates the iana-domains-db with new extensions and saves the database if not quiet.
4623	This method fetches the history of a URL, processes each element, and appends valid URLs to a dictionary.
4624	This method checks if mining is activated and reads a JSON file if it exists, storing the data in a dictionary.
4625	Backup mined information to a file.
4626	Adds elements to a mined database if they are not already present.
4627	Removes the globally tested element from the currently read element content.
4628	This method processes a file's mining data and returns a formatted list of elements.
4629	The method `process` initializes the mining process, loads the mining logic, adds the mined data to the global database, and backs up everything.
4630	This method reads a JSON file and returns its content as a dictionary.
4631	Writes content to a file if not in no_files configuration.
4632	This method writes a Whois record to a file in the specified output directory, including the current time, domain, record, and referer.
4633	This method processes a domain's expiration date, logs it, and optionally shares it with an API.
4634	Logs are written to a file with the current time and the specified extension, and then shared with an API if enabled.
4635	This method generates a header file with specific information about the file's generation, including a link, date, and a header template.
4636	Constructs a formatted header string from a list of data.
4637	Prints the header based on the template and HTTP status code.
4638	Constructs an ordered dictionary from the data to print and size, ensuring they are of equal length.
4639	Convert header to size list
4640	Colorizes data based on its status.
4641	This method writes the data to print to a JSON file, handling various scenarios such as existing files, empty files, and lists.
4642	This method processes data based on a template and prints it to the console or a file, handling various cases such as JSON, specific templates, and generic status.
4643	This method saves the execution time of a test in a file, handling various scenarios such as file existence, data indexing, and error handling.
4644	Calculates the time difference between start and end times, returning a dictionary with days, hours, minutes, and seconds.
4645	Formats execution time.
4646	This method generates a list of files to delete in a specified directory, excluding certain files like `.gitignore` and `.keep`.
4647	This method returns a list of file paths for database files to be deleted based on configuration settings.
4648	Deletes files specified in `self.file_to_delete()` and `self.databases_to_delete()` if `clean_all` is True.
4649	This method calculates a hash of a file using the specified algorithm.
4650	Calculates a hash of the data using the specified algorithm.
4651	This method processes a parsed path and algorithm to generate a hash, handling different scenarios such as file existence, data presence, and algorithm selection.
4652	Executes a command, returns the decoded output or error based on the return code.
4653	Removes specified keys from a dictionary.
4654	Renames keys in a dictionary based on a dictionary of old to new keys, handling strict and non-strict modes.
4655	Merges two dictionaries or lists, handling nested structures and strict merging.
4656	Saves the dictionary to a JSON file.
4657	Writes a dictionary to a YAML file.
4658	Fixes a path by splitting it and recursively fixing each part, then joining the parts with a directory separator.
4659	Writes data to a file, overwriting if specified or if the file does not exist.
4660	Read file content.
4661	Convert list to set, sort, and convert back to list, ignoring case.
4662	Merges two lists or dictionaries, handling strict mode and appending elements to the result.
4663	Filter out elements from `self.data` that do not match the regex pattern.
4664	This method processes data using a regular expression and returns a result based on the specified conditions.
4665	Replaces substrings in the data with the specified replacement.
4666	Updates the test counter based on the status of the object.
4667	Calculates and updates the percentage of each status based on the current counts.
4668	Logs percentage calculation and printing.
4669	This method checks if a given URL is valid and optionally returns the base, formatted URL, or both.
4670	The method checks if a given domain is valid based on specific regex patterns and IANA database entries.
4671	Checks if a domain is valid based on the provided domain or the globally parsed domain.
4672	This method checks the validity of a domain or IP address and returns a status based on the result.
4673	This method reformat historical database files by parsing their content, adjusting dates, and updating the main database with the reformatted data.
4674	The method `_retrieve` checks if the inactive database is activated and formats and initiates the historical database file if it exists. It then merges the current database into the already initiated one.
4675	Saves inactive database state to file.
4676	This method checks the database for the most recent test date and returns it if it's within the expected number of days, otherwise returns the current time.
4677	This method initializes a list, iterates over a database, and appends the content of a specific key to the list.
4678	Checks if a specific test is present in the inactive database.
4679	The method `_retrieve` checks if the authorization is valid and if the whois database file exists. If the file exists, it merges the current database with the one from the file. If the file does not exist, it initializes an empty database.
4680	Backup the current state of the database.
4681	Checks if the element is in the database related to the given file path.
4682	Checks if the expiration date is in the past based on the current time.
4683	The method retrieves the expiration date from a database if the user is authorized, the element is in the database, and the expiration date is in the future.
4684	Updates the whois database entry based on the current epoch and expiration date.
4685	This method configures Travis CI permissions for a build directory and its Git repository.
4686	This method checks Travis configuration, logs execution time, and pushes changes to a Git repository.
4687	This method attempts to retrieve DNS information for a given domain or IP address, appending the results to a dictionary in the `PyFunceble.INTERN` namespace.
4688	This method initiates a socket connection to a whois server, sends a domain name, and returns the response.
4689	This method checks the HTTP status code and returns the appropriate URL status based on the code.
4690	The method `get` checks the configuration and domain extension to determine the referer for a test, handling cases where WHOIS is not allowed or the domain extension is not in the iana database.
4691	This method retrieves the current object from a proxy, handling exceptions and returning the object if available.
4692	Iterates over standard Python library paths and yields names of files.
4693	Iterates over paths, yields names without leading underscores, hyphens, or extensions other than .so, .py, or .pyc.
4694	Iterates over messages, yields line numbers of unused imports.
4695	Extracts unused import module names from a list of messages.
4696	Iterates over messages, yields line numbers of ImportStarUsed messages.
4697	Iterate over messages, filter ImportStarUsage, yield (line, undefined_name, module_name).
4698	Iterates over messages, yields line numbers of unused variables.
4699	This function duplicates line numbers for messages with duplicate keys in a source code.
4700	Creates a dictionary mapping message arguments to lists of messages.
4701	Convert Python 2 source to UTF-8 if necessary, then check for syntax errors using pyflakes.
4702	Extracts the package name from a given line, ignoring imports and doctests.
4703	Checks if a line is multiline by looking for parentheses or doctests.
4704	Checks if a line ends with a backslash.
4705	This function filters out unused imports from a given line of code using regular expressions.
4706	This function takes a line of code, splits it into imports, sorts them alphabetically, and returns the sorted imports with proper indentation.
4707	This function filters code by removing unused imports, variables, and keys, and expands star imports if applicable.
4708	Convert a list of messages into a dictionary mapping line numbers to messages.
4709	Filters star imports by sorting and joining the set of undefined names.
4710	Filters out duplicate lines based on their line numbers.
4711	Checks if a key exists in a dictionary entry.
4712	Determines if a value is a literal or a name, supporting removal of variables on the right side.
4713	This function generates line numbers where a "pass" statement is encountered, skipping lines that are indented and not part of a multi-line "pass" statement.
4714	Filters out lines marked as useless from a source code string.
4715	Extracts indentation from a line.
4716	Extracts the last non-whitespace character from a string.
4717	This function `fix_code` processes a Python source code string by removing unnecessary imports, variables, and other elements based on specified options.
4718	Convert comma-separated string to set of unique strings.
4719	Determines if a file is a Python file by checking its extension and first line.
4720	Determines if a file is excluded based on a list of patterns.
4721	Iterates over filenames, recursively walking directories, and yields filenames that match the exclude pattern.
4722	This Python script processes command-line arguments to format Python files, removing unused imports and variables, and optionally expanding wildcard imports.
4723	Read response payload from input stream.
4724	Writes the payload to the output stream.
4725	Writes the CancelRequestPayload to the output stream.
4726	Read input stream, parse asynchronous correlation value and cancellation result, check for oversized payload.
4727	This method creates a `Name` object based on the provided `name_value` and `name_type`. It checks the types of `name_value` and `name_type` and raises a `TypeError` if they are not instances of `Name.NameValue` or `Name.NameType`, respectively.
4728	Read a digest from an input stream.
4729	Writes the digest value to the output stream.
4730	Creates a Digest object with specified hashing algorithm, digest value, and key format type.
4731	Read application-specific information from an input stream.
4732	Writes application-specific information to an output stream.
4733	Creates an instance of `ApplicationSpecificInformation` with the provided `application_namespace` and `application_data`.
4734	Reads derivation parameters from an input stream.
4735	Writes the derivation parameters to the output stream.
4736	Read request payload from input stream.
4737	Writes the payload of a GetRequestPayload to an output stream.
4738	Read payload from input stream, parse object type, unique identifier, and secret.
4739	Writes the payload to the output stream.
4740	Reads a signature verify request payload from an input stream.
4741	Writes the signature verify request payload to the output stream.
4742	Reads a signature verify response payload from an input stream.
4743	This method processes a request, including handling protocol version, maximum response size, time stamp, asynchronous indicator, authentication credentials, batch error continuation option, batch order option, and building a response.
4744	Builds an error response with a specified version, reason, and message.
4745	This method processes template attributes, validating and updating a dictionary of attributes based on the attribute policy.
4746	This method retrieves attributes from a managed object based on specified attribute names, handling exceptions and applying policies to determine attribute support and applicability.
4747	This method retrieves attributes from a managed object based on the provided attribute name.
4748	Sets attributes on a managed object based on policy.
4749	This method sets an attribute on a managed object based on the provided attribute name and value, handling multivalued attributes and validating attribute values.
4750	This method checks if a given operation is allowed based on a policy and user/group permissions.
4751	Writes the payload to the output stream.
4752	Creates a secret based on the specified type.
4753	This method sets a configuration setting for an object, validating the setting and calling the appropriate setter method based on the setting name.
4754	Loads server configuration settings from a specified path.
4755	Convert a list of values to a bitmask.
4756	Returns a list of cryptographic usage masks that are present in the given value.
4757	Read a long integer from an input stream, validate its length, and store the value.
4758	Writes a 64-bit integer to a stream.
4759	Validates the value of an object, raising TypeError if not an integer and ValueError if out of range.
4760	Read a big integer from an input stream, handling negative values via two's complement.
4761	Convert a BigInteger to binary, handle two's complement for negative values, and write the binary representation to an output stream.
4762	Validates if the value is an integer.
4763	Validates an enumeration value.
4764	Read a boolean value from a stream and validate it.
4765	Writes a boolean value to a buffer using the specified KMIP version.
4766	Writes a boolean value to an output stream.
4767	Validates if the value is a boolean.
4768	Read interval value and padding bytes.
4769	Validates the value of an object, raising TypeError if not an integer and ValueError if out of range.
4770	This method initializes and populates a dictionary with various cryptographic parameters and data for key wrapping and MAC signing, handling cases where some parameters are missing.
4771	This method initializes key wrapping data with various parameters from a dictionary, handling cases where the input might be `None` or not a dictionary.
4772	Validates key parameters and raises appropriate exceptions if any are invalid.
4773	Validates the secret value, data type, and masks.
4774	Validates the `opaque_value` and `opaque_type` attributes of an object, ensuring they are of the correct types.
4775	Converts an attribute name to its corresponding tag.
4776	Converts an attribute tag to its corresponding name based on a predefined table.
4777	Combines bit masks from a list of enumerations.
4778	Filtering enumerations based on a mask.
4779	Checks if a given mask is a valid bit mask for a specified enumeration.
4780	Reads a CreateKeyPairRequestPayload from an input buffer, handling common and private key attributes based on the KMIP version.
4781	Writes the payload to the output buffer.
4782	Read the input buffer, extract private and public key unique identifiers, and handle template attributes if applicable.
4783	Writes the CreateKeyPair response payload to the output buffer.
4784	Reads a GetAttributeListRequestPayload from an input buffer, handling unique identifier and checking for oversizing.
4785	Writes the payload to the output buffer.
4786	Reads a GetAttributeListResponsePayload from an input buffer, extracting unique identifier, attribute names, and attribute references.
4787	This method writes a GetAttributeList response payload to an output buffer, handling unique identifier and attribute names based on the KMIP version.
4788	Returns a sorted list of JSON files in a given directory.
4789	This method scans policy files, updates timestamps, and processes policies based on their timestamps.
4790	The method initializes tracking structures, logs startup information, monitors policies, and stops monitoring when the halt trigger is set.
4791	Extracts and loads a certificate from a connection.
4792	Extracts extended key usage from a certificate.
4793	Extracts common names from a certificate.
4794	This function extracts the first client identity from a certificate, raising an exception if multiple identities are found or if no identities are defined.
4795	Read the input buffer, parse the object type, template attribute, and attributes, handling different KMIP versions.
4796	This method writes a CreateRequestPayload to an output buffer, handling different versions of the KMIP protocol.
4797	Read the input buffer, parse the object type and unique identifier, and optionally parse the template attribute based on the KMIP version.
4798	Writes the Create response payload to the output buffer.
4799	Converts an object to a core or pie key or certificate based on its type.
4800	Read encrypted response payload from input stream.
4801	Read a DeriveKeyRequestPayload from an input buffer.
4802	This method writes a DeriveKey request payload to an output buffer, handling various fields such as object type, unique identifiers, derivation method, parameters, and template attribute, ensuring the payload is correctly formatted according to the KMIP version.
4803	Checks if an attribute is supported based on its version.
4804	Checks if an attribute is deprecated based on its version.
4805	Checks if an attribute is applicable to a given object type based on a rule set.
4806	Checks if an attribute is multivalued based on its rule set.
4807	This method retrieves a value from a configuration file or uses a default value if the configuration is not available.
4808	Read a CheckResponsePayload from an input stream, extracting unique identifier, usage limits count, cryptographic usage mask, lease time, and checking for oversizing.
4809	Writes the payload to the output stream.
4810	Read an AttributeReference object from an input buffer, handling vendor identification and attribute name.
4811	This method writes an AttributeReference object to an output buffer, handling vendor identification and attribute name fields, and updating the length of the buffer accordingly.
4812	Read attributes from an input stream based on the specified KMIP version.
4813	This method writes an Attributes object to a given output stream, handling version and attribute support checks.
4814	Read nonce from input stream.
4815	Writes a nonce struct to an output stream.
4816	Reads a username/password credential from an input stream.
4817	Writes a username/password credential to an output stream.
4818	Read device credentials from an input stream.
4819	Writes device credentials to an output stream.
4820	Reads a credential from an input stream, handling different credential types and validating the encoding.
4821	Writes a credential struct to an output stream.
4822	Reads a MACSignatureKeyInformation object from an input stream.
4823	Writes MAC signature key information to an output stream.
4824	Reads a KeyWrappingData object from an input stream.
4825	Writes the key wrapping data to the output stream.
4826	Reads a KeyWrappingSpecification from an input stream, extracting wrapping method, encryption key information, MAC signature key information, attribute names, and encoding option.
4827	Writes a key wrapping specification to an output stream.
4828	Read extension information from an input stream.
4829	Writes extension information to an output stream.
4830	Creates an `ExtensionInformation` object with specified properties.
4831	Read a revocation reason from an input stream.
4832	Writes the revocation reason to the output stream.
4833	Validates the revocation code and message types.
4834	Reads an ObjectDefaults object from an input buffer, validating the KMIP version and parsing the object type and attributes.
4835	This method writes an ObjectDefaults structure to an output buffer, handling version compatibility and missing fields.
4836	Reads the DefaultsInformation object from the input buffer, validating the KMIP version and handling the object defaults structure.
4837	Writes the DefaultsInformation structure to the output buffer.
4838	Reads an RNGParameters object from an input buffer.
4839	Writes the RNGParameters structure to the output buffer.
4840	Reads a ProfileInformation object from an input buffer, validating the version and parsing the profile name, server URI, and server port.
4841	Writes ProfileInformation object to output buffer.
4842	Writes the ValidationInformation structure to the output buffer.
4843	Read capability information from an input buffer, handling streaming, asynchronous, and attestation capabilities, and optionally batch undo, batch continue, unwrap mode, destroy action, shredding algorithm, and RNG mode.
4844	Writes CapabilityInformation object to output buffer.
4845	This method cleans up remaining connection threads, shuts down the server socket handler, and stops the policy monitor.
4846	Starts a server, handles signals, and manages connections.
4847	Reads a LocateRequestPayload from an input buffer, handling various tags and attributes based on the KMIP version.
4848	Writes the LocateRequestPayload to the output buffer.
4849	Reads a LocateResponsePayload from an input buffer, extracting located items and unique identifiers.
4850	Writes the LocateResponsePayload to the output buffer.
4851	Generates a symmetric key of the specified length using the given cryptographic algorithm.
4852	Creates an asymmetric key pair using the specified algorithm and length.
4853	Generates a MAC for the given data using the specified cryptographic algorithm.
4854	Encrypts text using the specified encryption algorithm and key.
4855	Encrypts a message using a symmetric key algorithm and mode.
4856	Encrypts plain text using an asymmetric key with specified padding and hashing algorithms.
4857	Decrypts an asymmetrically encrypted message using the specified padding method and hashing algorithm.
4858	Generates RSA key pair with specified length and public exponent, logs errors, and returns public and private keys in DER format.
4859	Derive key based on specified method and parameters.
4860	Creates a private key from PEM or DER encoded bytes.
4861	Verifies a digital signature using a public key and specified padding and hashing algorithms.
4862	Reads a SignResponsePayload from an input stream, extracting unique identifier and signature data.
4863	Writes the payload to the output stream.
4864	Read input stream, parse unique identifier and usage limits count, check for oversized data.
4865	Convert a protocol version to a KMIP version.
4866	Reads the protocol version from the input stream.
4867	Writes the protocol version to the output stream.
4868	Read credentials from an input stream.
4869	Writes authentication struct to output stream.
4870	Read input stream, parse asynchronous correlation value, and check for oversizing.
4871	Read certificate from input stream.
4872	Writes the certificate to the output stream.
4873	Authenticate user and retrieve groups from SLUGS URL.
4874	Read input stream, parse unique identifier, check for oversizing.
4875	Writes the response payload to the output stream.
4876	This method initializes a session, performs TLS handshake, handles message loop, and shuts down the connection.
4877	Read a Rekey response payload from an input stream.
4878	Checks if both conformance clause and authentication suite are supported.
4879	Derive key operation with payload and response handling.
4880	This method retrieves attributes for a given UUID and attribute names, processes the response, and returns the first result.
4881	This method retrieves a list of attributes for a given user ID by building a batch request, sending it, and processing the response.
4882	This method builds a query batch item, sends it, and processes the response.
4883	This method signs data using cryptographic parameters and returns the result including unique identifier, signature, and result status.
4884	Opens the client connection if not already open, otherwise raises an error.
4885	Closes the client connection if it is open, logging an error if the close operation fails.
4886	This method creates a symmetric key using the provided algorithm, length, and cryptographic usage mask, and returns the UUID of the created key.
4887	This method creates a key pair using the provided algorithm, length, and optional operation policy, public and private names, and usage masks. It constructs template attributes for the common, public, and private key pairs, then creates the asymmetric key pair using the proxy and returns the public and private UUIDs.
4888	Registers a managed object with the proxy, handling errors and returning the UUID or raising an exception.
4889	This method rekeys an object using provided unique identifier and offset, creating template attributes based on keyword arguments, and returns the unique identifier if successful.
4890	Derive a key using specified parameters and attributes.
4891	This method checks inputs, searches for managed objects, and handles the results.
4892	This method checks the validity of input parameters and calls a proxy method to perform a check operation. It raises exceptions if the input parameters are not valid and returns the unique identifier if the operation is successful.
4893	This method retrieves a managed object from a proxy using a specified key wrapping specification. It checks the input parameters, builds a key wrapping specification, retrieves the managed object, and handles the result status. If the operation is successful, it converts the secret to a managed object; otherwise, it raises an exception with the result status, reason, and message.
4894	This method retrieves attributes for a managed object using the provided UID and attribute names, handling type errors and returning the UUID and attributes if successful, or raising an exception if the operation fails.
4895	Activates a managed object with the given UID, handling errors and returning a result.
4896	Revoke a managed object with specified details.
4897	This method checks inputs, builds parameters, and handles the result of a MAC operation.
4898	Build cryptographic parameters from a dictionary.
4899	Builds an encryption key information object from a dictionary.
4900	Builds a MAC signature key information object from a dictionary.
4901	Constructs a `KeyWrappingSpecification` object from a dictionary.
4902	Build common attributes based on operation policy name.
4903	Build a list of attribute names based on the provided name.
4904	Reads a QueryRequestPayload from an input buffer, extracting query functions and handling any encoding issues.
4905	Writes the QueryRequestPayload to the output buffer.
4906	Writes the payload to the output buffer.
4907	Reads a GetAttributesResponsePayload from an input buffer, extracting unique identifier and attributes based on the KMIP version.
4908	This method writes a GetAttributes response payload to an output buffer, handling unique identifier and attributes based on the KMIP version.
4909	This function attempts to retrieve a single entry point from a configuration dictionary based on the provided group and name, handling exceptions and returning the entry point if found or raising an error if not.
4910	This function returns a dictionary mapping group names to their corresponding objects.
4911	This function iterates over files and distributions, filters by a specified group, and constructs EntryPoint objects from strings.
4912	Loads a module and returns an object from it.
4913	Convert string to entry point object.
4914	Start livereload server with specified port. Watch for changes in pages, macros, and public assets.
4915	Generates a new project directory and copies files from a source directory to the new directory, handling development and production files.
4916	Generates controller and test files with specified controller name, creates assets directory, and generates form file.
4917	Generates action files with specified controller and action names, optionally including templates and assets.
4918	Generates a form based on input arguments.
4919	Generates a new model file based on a template, updates the `__init__.py` file, and logs the process.
4920	Generates a macro file with specified category and macro name, creating necessary directories and writing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files.
4921	Creates a directory and its parent directories if they do not exist.
4922	This function creates a temporary file, reads from the source file, replaces placeholders with the project name, writes to the temporary file, copies the temporary file to the destination file, and closes the file handles.
4923	Convert a datetime object to a human-readable string.
4924	The function checks if a URL is valid and adds "http://" if it's missing.
4925	Encodes a given object using a secret key from the application configuration.
4926	Decodes a URL-safe serialized string using a secret key.
4927	Convert function output to JSON response.
4928	Generates an absolute URL for a given endpoint with optional values.
4929	This function loads a configuration class based on the environment variable `MODE`.
4930	Sets session permanency and user ID.
4931	This function retrieves the current user from the session, returning `None` if the user ID is not found or if the user does not exist.
4932	This function initializes a Flask application with various configurations, middleware, and extensions.
4933	This code sets up a Jinja2 environment for a Flask application, configuring it to load templates from specified directories based on the application's debug mode. It also defines a helper function `url_for_other_page` for generating pagination URLs and a dictionary of rules for the application's URL mapping.
4934	Registers all blueprints from imported controllers into the Flask application.
4935	Registers error handlers for 403, 404, and 500 errors in a Flask application.
4936	Registers request and response hooks to measure rendering time.
4937	Convert DataFrame to CSV with specified delimiter and header.
4938	Convert CSV file to DataFrame.
4939	Serializes a DataFrame based on the specified data type.
4940	Deserializes a DataFrame based on the specified data type.
4941	Updates a dataframe with specified details and uploads it.
4942	Updates the object's data from raw data, handling optional parameters.
4943	Returns the full URL for the contents.
4944	Upload data from a DataFrame to a server.
4945	Upload data with validation.
4946	Opens an intermediate dataset contents.
4947	Read binary contents from a workspace.
4948	Read intermediate dataset contents text from workspace.
4949	Convert binary data to a DataFrame using a BytesIO stream and deserialize it based on the data type ID.
4950	Creates an instance of `IntermediateDataset` with specified parameters.
4951	Fetch experiments from a workspace using a specified API path.
4952	Fetches datasets from a specified workspace using a given API path.
4953	Fetches a dataset from a specified workspace and dataset ID using the API.
4954	This function wraps a function or workspace ID to publish files to a specified endpoint.
4955	```python
def service(url,api_key,help_url=None):def do_publish(func):return published(url,api_key,help_url,func,None)
```
4956	This function takes a variable number of arguments and updates the annotations of a function with the provided arguments.
4957	Defines a decorator that adds a return type annotation to a function.
4958	Attaches content to a function.
4959	Identifies global names from bytecode.
4960	Copies the attributes of the current object to a new `Pen` object.
4961	This function takes a color string, parses it, and returns the RGB and alpha values of the color. If the color is not recognized, it returns None.
4962	Draws the object on the canvas with optional highlighting and bounding box.
4963	Computes cubic Bernstein coefficients and their extrema.
4964	Calculates a cubic Bernstein polynomial value.
4965	Builds a list of tree choices from a sitetree template.
4966	This function takes a list of command options and returns a tuple of option functions.
4967	Registers a function to process items with optional arguments.
4968	This function takes a source tree and optional parameters to compose a dynamic tree structure, returning a dictionary with application details, site trees, target tree alias, and parent item alias. It handles string inputs as application names and attempts to import and register dynamic sitetrees based on the provided parameters.
4969	Resets cache and initializes it with default values.
4970	Deletes cache entries and initializes the object based on a boolean flag.
4971	Retrieves a value from the cache associated with a given entry name and key.
4972	Updates the value of a key in a nested dictionary within a cache.
4973	Sets a value in the cache dictionary under the specified entry and key.
4974	Initializes the class with a cache, current page context, request, language, admin status, user permissions, resolved URLs, and items.
4975	Resolves tree alias by checking cache, fetching from database if not found, and setting in cache.
4976	Determines if the current application is an admin based on the context.
4977	Calculates the depth of an item in a tree structure.
4978	This method retrieves the current item from a tree based on the given alias, updates its current status, and returns it. If no current item is found, it returns `None`.
4979	This method resolves a URL based on a sitetree item, handling patterns and URL parameters.
4980	Initializes a tree based on the provided context and request.
4981	This method retrieves an attribute from the current sitetree item based on the provided attribute name, tree alias, and context. If the current item is not found, it raises an error if debugging is enabled and RAISE_ITEMS_ERRORS_ON_DEBUG is set to True. Otherwise, it returns the attribute value or an empty string if the attribute does not exist.
4982	Recursively finds the ancestor level of a given item in a tree structure.
4983	This method initializes a tree, resolves variables, retrieves the current item, climbs the tree, supports item addressing, checks access, and applies hooks to generate a menu.
4984	Checks if the user has access to an item based on its access settings and user permissions.
4985	Builds breadcrumb path from site tree items.
4986	This method initializes a tree, filters items, applies hooks, and updates children status.
4987	This method resolves a parent item, retrieves a site tree, marks the path, fetches children, filters, applies hooks, updates has_children, and renders a template based on navigation type.
4988	Retrieves children items for a given tree alias and item, handling admin-specific logic and caching.
4989	Updates `tree_item.has_children` based on the result of filtering and applying hooks to children of a tree item.
4990	Filters items based on admin status, navigation type, and access.
4991	Recursively finds the ancestor item of a given base item in a tree structure.
4992	Recursively climbs a tree structure, marking nodes as current and updating parent references.
4993	Resolves variable in context, handling filters and stripping whitespace.
4994	This function takes a parser and a token, splits the token into contents, detects a template clause, and then compiles a filter from the second token if the token count is 3 or 5, returning a sitetree tree node with the compiled filter and template clause. If the token count is not 3 or 5, it raises a template syntax error.
4995	This function checks if a token matches a specific pattern and returns a new node if it does, otherwise raises a template syntax error.
4996	This function takes a parser and a token, splits the token into parts, detects a template clause, and returns a sitetree_breadcrumbsNode object if the token has exactly two arguments. If not, it raises a TemplateSyntaxError.
4997	This function generates a sitetree menu node based on the provided tokens, handling template inclusion and alias compilation.
4998	This method renders a template with context and tree items, resolving template expressions and flattening context if necessary.
4999	This method compiles a template tag by parsing tokens, checking for a specific preposition, and compiling a filter. If the tag is valid, it returns a new instance of the class with the compiled filter and variable; otherwise, it raises a template syntax error.
5000	Generates a URL name for a model based on its name, page number, and namespace flag.
5001	Unregister and register a model with a custom admin class.
5002	Redirects handler processes path and shifts based on specific conditions.
5003	Redirects based on POST parameters.
5004	Adds a new item to the admin interface.
5005	Redirects the response based on the superclass's response change method.
5006	This method generates a form for a tree item admin, replacing the 'parent' field with a custom choice field and updating the form's known URL names hint.
5007	This method retrieves a tree object based on the provided `tree_id` or the `item_id` if not specified, and returns it.
5008	This method updates the sort order of a tree item based on the given direction.
5009	This method updates an object's parent if it's not the same as the previous parent, ensuring it's not a self-parenting relationship.
5010	```python
def get_urls(self):
    sitetree_urls = super(TreeAdmin, self).get_urls()
    if not DJANGO_POST_19:
        sitetree_urls = patterns_func('', *sitetree_urls)
    if SMUGGLER_INSTALLED:
        sitetree_urls += (url(r'^dump_all/$', self.admin_site.admin_view(self.dump_view), name='sitetree_dump'),)
    return sitetree_urls + urls
```
5011	`dump_view` takes a class and a request, uses smuggler's `dump_to_response` function to serialize and return a response containing the `MODEL_TREE` and `MODEL_TREE_ITEM` models, with a filename prefix of 'sitetrees'.
5012	This function creates a tree structure with dynamic items and traverses it.
5013	This function creates a new item object with various properties and permissions based on input parameters.
5014	Imports a module and returns it if it exists, otherwise raises an exception if the module does not have a sub-module with the specified name.
5015	This function retrieves a model class from the Django app registry based on the provided settings entry name. If the model is not found, it raises an `ImproperlyConfigured` exception.
5016	Convert a mapping to a configuration object.
5017	Convert a Python file into a configuration object.
5018	Convert TOML file to Python object.
5019	Convert string path to module and instance, then map attributes to config.
5020	Generates Zipkin attributes for a span based on sample rate and trace ID.
5021	Generates HTTP headers for a new span using Zipkin attributes from the tracer or context stack.
5022	This method generates a new trace context based on the current span's sample rate and attributes, or creates a new trace if no attributes are provided.
5023	This method initializes a logging context for a span, setting up Zipkin attributes, and configuring the logging context based on the span's attributes and configuration.
5024	This method stops a Zipkin span, handling exceptions, logging, and updating annotations.
5025	Updates binary annotations based on the current span context.
5026	Sets SA binary annotation for a span.
5027	Sets the `span_name` attribute of the object, updating it if a logging context is present.
5028	This function creates an endpoint object with specified port, service name, and host. It uses default values if none are provided and checks for IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.
5029	`copy_endpoint_with_new_service_name` creates a new `Endpoint` object with a modified `service_name`.
5030	Builds a span with specified attributes and annotations.
5031	Convert a list of protobuf spans to a serialized string.
5032	Converts a `Span` object to a `zipkin_pb2.Span` object.
5033	Convert hexadecimal to bytes by packing 2 64-bit integers.
5034	Convert a span kind to its corresponding protobuf enum value.
5035	Converts an endpoint object into a protobuf endpoint object.
5036	Converts a dictionary of timestamps and values into a list of `Annotation` objects.
5037	Creates an annotation object with the given timestamp, value, and host.
5038	Creates a binary annotation object.
5039	Convert IP addresses to network byte order, pack port number, and return an Endpoint object.
5040	`copy_endpoint_with_new_service_name` takes an `Endpoint` object and a new `service_name`, returning a new `Endpoint` object with the updated `service_name`.
5041	Creates a list of annotations from a dictionary of timestamps and keys.
5042	Creates a list of binary annotations from a dictionary of key-value pairs.
5043	Convert trace ID and span ID to integers, handle 128-bit trace IDs, and create a span dictionary.
5044	Convert Thrift span to bytes.
5045	Encodes a list of binary Thrift objects into a byte string.
5046	Detects span version and encoding from a message, handling non-bytearray inputs, and returns the appropriate encoding.
5047	Converts spans from one encoding to another.
5048	Pushes a zipkin attribute onto the thread-local stack.
5049	Encodes a span into bytes using Thrift annotations and binary annotations.
5050	Creates a JSON endpoint dictionary based on the provided service name, port, and IP addresses.
5051	Encodes a span into a protobuf list.
5052	Decodes spans from a binary format.
5053	Converts a Thrift endpoint to an Endpoint object with IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.
5054	Decodes thrift annotations into a dictionary, including local endpoint, kind, timestamp, and duration.
5055	Converts Thrift binary annotations to tags and endpoints.
5056	Convert Thrift span to Span object.
5057	Convert a trace ID to a string.
5058	Converts an unsigned long to a lower-case hexadecimal string.
5059	Writes a 64-bit integer to a byte array at a specified position.
5060	Fixes February dates to the last day of the month.
5061	Modifies a dictionary by setting a transaction code based on a tag slug.
5062	Sets the IPH ID in the tag dictionary based on a regular expression match.
5063	Sets the tag dictionary with the extracted TNR from the transactions.
5064	This method parses data, normalizes tag IDs, processes data, and creates transactions based on tag types.
5065	This function parses a source file or data, handling various encodings and exceptions.
5066	Joins lines from a string, stripping specified sides.
5067	Converts JSON response to Python dictionary or returns text based on content type.
5068	Logs a warning message indicating that the ratelimit quota has been exhausted, retrying in a specified duration.
5069	Handles rate limiting, retries on 429, and raises exceptions for other status codes.
5070	This method retrieves bot information from a server, parses the date string, and replaces empty values with `None`.
5071	Fetch bots with specified limit and offset from the API.
5072	Reads data from a packet, unpacks it, and decodes the result.
5073	Writes a message to a file, handling compression and locking.
5074	Closes input and output file descriptors.
5075	Decompresses a string using a decompression object and returns the decompressed term and unused data.
5076	Encodes a term using zlib compression if specified, otherwise returns the original term.
5077	Adds a multicast address to the socket.
5078	This method processes a queue of messages, sending them if they can be sent, refreshing them, and re-adding them to the queue if they are not finished.
5079	Sets the callback for remote service hello events.
5080	Clears remote and local services, stops threads, and sets server started flag to False.
5081	Clears all local services by sending a "bye" message to each and then clearing the local services dictionary.
5082	Search for services based on types and scopes, wait for a specified timeout, and return filtered services.
5083	This function creates a SOAP message based on the action specified in the environment.
5084	Sets logging level based on input loglevel, returns logger if valid level, otherwise prints error and returns None.
5085	Returns the manager for the related object.
5086	Returns a list of all child relations in a model.
5087	Returns a list of all parental many-to-many fields in a model.
5088	This method saves the model instance with specified fields and commits related objects.
5089	Convert serializable data to model instances, handling child relations.
5090	This method validates unique fields across all valid forms, updating a set of unique checks and date checks. It raises a ValidationError if any unique checks fail.
5091	Checks if any form in nested formsets has changed.
5092	Generates an Address object with a valid checksum.
5093	Generates checksum from address using Kerl sponge.
5094	This method parses command-line arguments, creates an argument parser, parses the arguments, and returns a dictionary of parsed arguments.
5095	Creates an argument parser for a node connection with options for URI, seed file, and testnet settings.
5096	Prompts for a seed, encoding it if necessary, and returns a Seed object.
5097	This function validates a signature fragment by computing a checksum and comparing it to the public key.
5098	Returns the first key from a sequence of keys generated by a specified number of iterations.
5099	Returns the key for a given address.
5100	Creates a key iterator with specified parameters.
5101	Creates a sponge from a seed and index, squeezes the trits, and resets the sponge.
5102	Absorbs trits into internal state, transforming state in between hashes.
5103	Squeezes trits from internal state to `trits` parameter, one hash at a time, transforming internal state in between hashes.
5104	Transforms the state by applying a truth table to each position based on the previous state.
5105	`get_digests` method returns a dictionary containing digests from the adapter with specified parameters.
5106	`get_private_keys` method returns a dictionary containing private keys from the adapter with specified parameters.
5107	This method prepares a multisig transfer command using the provided parameters.
5108	Adds two lists of trits (binary digits) and returns the result.
5109	Convert an integer to a list of trits (base 3) with optional padding.
5110	Adds two trits and returns the result.
5111	This function performs a full addition of two trits (binary digits) and a carry bit, returning the sum and a boolean indicating if there is any carry left.
5112	Prints the binary representation of the seed.
5113	This method returns a dictionary by calling `core.FindTransactionsCommand` with specified parameters.
5114	This method returns an extended command with specified parameters.
5115	`get_new_addresses` method returns a command for generating new addresses with specified parameters.
5116	`get_transfers` method returns a dictionary from `extended.GetTransfersCommand` with specified parameters.
5117	Promotes a transaction with optional depth and minimum weight magnitude.
5118	Replays a bundle of transactions with specified depth and minimum weight magnitude.
5119	This method sends a transfer using the provided parameters.
5120	Sends trytes with optional depth and minimum weight magnitude.
5121	Resolves an adapter based on the URI scheme.
5122	`send_request` method raises a NotImplementedError with a formatted message indicating that it is not implemented in the current class.
5123	Logs a message with an optional context.
5124	This method sends an HTTP request to a specified URL with optional payload and method, logs the request and response details, and returns the response object.
5125	This method interprets a response from a node, handling various status codes and decoding JSON content.
5126	Adds a response to the responses dictionary for a given command.
5127	Adds a digest to the sponge and appends it to the list of digests.
5128	This method generates a multisig address from a set of digests.
5129	Generates an iterator of addresses using a key generator.
5130	Convert a digest to an address using a sponge function.
5131	Generates an address from a key iterator, checking for checksum validity.
5132	This function takes an adapter and keyword arguments, executes a command to find transactions, and returns a list of transactions.
5133	Iterates over addresses, yields them and their transaction hashes, resets the command after each iteration.
5134	This function processes a list of transaction hashes, identifies tail and non-tail transactions, retrieves bundle information, and returns a sorted list of bundles.
5135	This function checks the encoding and returns the codec information if it matches the specified encoding or its compatibility name.
5136	Returns a dictionary with encode and decode methods for a codec instance.
5137	Encodes a byte string into a list of trytes.
5138	Decodes a byte string into trytes, handling errors according to specified settings.
5139	This method iterates through an address generator, finds the first address without transactions, and returns it.
5140	Adds a route to the routing wrapper.
5141	Convert trytes to transaction object.
5142	Convert object to JSON-compatible dictionary.
5143	Returns a TryteString containing the signature validation trytes.
5144	Updates the `_is_confirmed` attribute and sets `is_confirmed` for all transactions.
5145	This method decodes a list of transaction signatures into human-readable messages, handling errors according to the specified parameters.
5146	Convert transactions to trytes strings.
5147	Groups transactions by address.
5148	This function recursively discovers and registers command classes from a given package, returning a dictionary of command names mapped to their corresponding classes.
5149	Executes a command using an adapter.
5150	Applies a filter to a value, raising an error if the filter fails.
5151	Constructs a URL for job details based on the provided job ID.
5152	Collects errors from a validator and returns them.
5153	Determine if a bundle is valid based on a validator.
5154	This method creates a validator for a bundle of transactions, checking for balance, indices, and signature validity.
5155	This method iterates over groups, checks their signature errors using the supported and legacy hash algorithms, and returns a list of errors.
5156	This function checks the signature of a group of transactions and returns an error message if any transaction's signature is invalid.
5157	This method traverses a bundle of transactions, handling different scenarios such as non-tail transactions, different bundles, and single-transaction bundles.
5158	Initialize IOTA API client and start interactive shell.
5159	Generates a random number using the superclass's `random` method with a specified length.
5160	Generates a digest from key fragments using a sponge function.
5161	Signs input transactions in a bundle.
5162	Prints a pretty representation of the object.
5163	Absorbs trits into a hash, padding if necessary.
5164	Pad input, squeeze hashes, reset state.
5165	Adds context to an exception if it doesn't already have one.
5166	SecurityLevel returns a security level based on type, minimum, maximum, and optional settings.
5167	Increment legacy tag by adding 1 to its trits.
5168	The method `tag` returns the tag of the last transaction in the reversed list of transactions, or a new tag if no transaction has a tag.
5169	Adds a transaction to the bundle, handling validation and splitting messages if necessary.
5170	Finalizes a bundle by generating a secure hash and checking for unspent inputs.
5171	Signs inputs with the given key generator.
5172	Signs input transactions at a specified index using a private key.
5173	Adds transactions to the bundle for spending the address balance and signing additional transactions.
5174	Converts a value to a standard unit using predefined conversion factors.
5175	Decompresses a G1 compressed point into its uncompressed form.
5176	Calculates the modular multiplicative inverse of `a` modulo `n`.
5177	Convert JSON file to class instance.
5178	This function finds word groups in a text based on a given category and proximity, returning a list of new groups with hyphens removed.
5179	This method finds a synonym for a given word by creating a reverse lookup table and then checking if the word is in the table. If it is, it returns the corresponding synonym; otherwise, it returns the original word.
5180	This function expands abbreviations in a given text using a dictionary of abbreviations. It first checks if there are any abbreviations in the lexicon. If not, it raises a `LexiconError`. It then defines a helper function `chunks` to split the dictionary into smaller chunks for processing. The `cb` function is a regex callback that retrieves the corresponding abbreviation from the dictionary or returns the original text if no match is found. The main loop iterates over the chunks of abbreviations, applies the regex substitution, and returns the modified text.
5181	Splits a text by predefined delimiters, protecting special sequences and handling percentages.
5182	Returns a list of keys from the object's dictionary excluding special keys.
5183	Generates a random color and component for a given class.
5184	Plot a rectangle with a summary of a component on a figure or axis.
5185	Convert a string to a class instance using a predefined dictionary.
5186	Convert a string to a timescale object based on a predefined dictionary.
5187	Generates a list of random Decor objects based on the input components.
5188	This method takes an image, extracts color values, identifies changes, and creates a list of color decorations based on these changes.
5189	This method reads a CSV file or text, parses it, and creates a list of components based on the parsed data.
5190	Convert a list of objects to a CSV string.
5191	Returns the maximum width of rows in the list, or 0 if no rows have a width.
5192	This method retrieves a decorator based on a component and optional matching attributes.
5193	`getattr` retrieves an attribute from a decorated object, returning a default value if the attribute does not exist.
5194	This method searches for a component in a legend based on a given colour and tolerance, returning the component if found within the tolerance, or a default value otherwise.
5195	Plot each element in the list with the specified format.
5196	Convert text to component using lexicon, return component if required and present, otherwise return None.
5197	Summarizes dictionary values into a formatted string.
5198	The `Rock` function is deprecated and should be replaced with `Component`.
5199	This function processes a text by mapping columns to their start, length, read, and write functions, then extracts and returns the values for each column.
5200	This function parses a string of newline-separated rows, categorizes them based on a predefined set of columns, processes each row according to its type, and organizes the results into a dictionary.
5201	Checks if the differences between consecutive elements in the array `b` are non-negative.
5202	This method calculates the thickness of each unique primary in a list of items, sorts them in descending order, and returns the sorted list.
5203	Convert tops to actual depths, scale values, and create intervals based on given parameters.
5204	This method cleans longitudinal data by sorting and possibly removing null values.
5205	This method reads data from a Petrel file, cleans it, builds intervals, and returns a new object with the intervals.
5206	This method builds a list of intervals from a dictionary of data, filtering and sorting the data based on specified criteria.
5207	This method reads a CSV file, processes its data, and returns a list of intervals.
5208	This method processes an image to extract intervals based on color changes, reducing them to one sample thick.
5209	This method processes a log file to create intervals based on specified components, legend, or field, and returns a list of intervals.
5210	This method parses a string using regular expressions to extract data and source information, then returns an instance of a class based on the extracted data.
5211	This method reads a file, parses its content, and constructs a list of intervals based on lithology information.
5212	Returns a new list of copies of the elements in the current list, preserving the order and source attributes.
5213	Convert a list of objects to a CSV file.
5214	Convert CSV data to LAS3 format.
5215	This method plots a series of rectangles on a given axis, each representing a data point with a specified width and height, and optionally a color.
5216	This method retrieves data from an object's fields, applying a function to each value, and returns the results as a NumPy array.
5217	This method extracts log values for a given basis and function, storing them in a dictionary and setting the requested attribute in the primary component of each interval.
5218	Searches for a term in descriptions or summaries of items in a list, returning their indices or the items themselves.
5219	`find_overlaps` method returns the result of `__find_incongruities` with `op` set to `operator.gt` and `index` set to `index`.
5220	`find_gaps` method returns incongruities based on a comparison operation.
5221	Prune a strip by removing elements based on thickness, number, or percentile, and optionally keep the ends.
5222	An algorithm to adjust the height of a strip based on the gaps between its vertices.
5223	This method fills gaps in a structure with a given component.
5224	Combines two striplogs by merging overlapping segments.
5225	Intersects two striplogs and returns a new striplog containing the intersection of their intervals.
5226	Merges overlapping segments in a list.
5227	This method generates a histogram of primary properties of objects in a collection, allowing for customization of sorting, plotting, and legend display.
5228	Inverts the order of elements in a list, optionally creating a copy.
5229	Crops a list within specified extents, optionally copying the result.
5230	This method processes a dictionary of tests, merging them based on aliases and filtering out tests with zero counts.
5231	Convert hexadecimal color to name.
5232	Calculates the log-likelihood of an image based on a specified offset.
5233	This method attempts to retrieve a field from a superclass, handling missing keys and indices by returning a placeholder.
5234	Fetches jobs based on a prefix.
5235	This method sends a POST request to parse a given HCL (HashiCorp Configuration Language) string with optional canonicalization, returning the JSON response.
5236	Updates a token using the provided ID and token data.
5237	This method retrieves allocations from a server using a GET request with optional parameters.
5238	This method sends a POST request to the "fail" endpoint with the provided deployment ID and returns the JSON response.
5239	Pause deployment with given ID and pause status.
5240	This method sends a POST request to the "allocation-health" endpoint with the specified deployment ID and allocation details.
5241	Drains a node with the given ID, enabling or disabling the drain operation.
5242	This method sends a POST request to drain a node with a specified drain specification and eligibility status.
5243	This method checks eligibility and returns a JSON response based on the eligibility status.
5244	Fetches files from a server based on the provided path.
5245	Fetches data from a server using a GET request with specified parameters.
5246	This method retrieves JSON data from a specified path using an HTTP GET request.
5247	Joins an agent with the given addresses.
5248	Updates servers with given addresses.
5249	This method sends a POST request to the "force-leave" endpoint with the specified node parameter and returns the HTTP status code of the response.
5250	Fetches nodes from the API with an optional prefix.
5251	This method retrieves evaluations from a server using a GET request with optional parameters.
5252	Fetches namespaces from the API with an optional prefix.
5253	Registers a job with the server.
5254	This method plans a job with optional diff and policy override settings, returning the JSON response from the server.
5255	Dispatches a job with given ID and payload, returning the response JSON.
5256	Reverts a job with the specified ID and version, optionally enforcing a prior version.
5257	This method sends a POST request to the server with a JSON payload containing the job ID, version, and stability status.
5258	Deregisters a job from the Nomad server, optionally purging it.
5259	Retrieves configuration from a server using a GET request with specified parameters.
5260	Deletes a peer from the raft with optional stale flag.
5261	Fetches deployments with a given prefix from the API.
5262	Returns a random value from the mutator dictionary based on the object type and level.
5263	Generates a random string from the given object.
5264	Selects a random polyglot attack from the configuration and applies it to the given object.
5265	This method fuzzes an object by randomly modifying its elements.
5266	Converts a byte string to a Unicode string.
5267	Runs the server with specified routes and configurations.
5268	Kills HTTPD and HTTPSD processes, puts a tuple into the client queue, and logs completion if fuzzing is enabled.
5269	This method handles the serving of HTML files from a specified directory, setting appropriate headers for CORS and content type.
5270	Sends a fuzzed request to the client queue, sets headers, and sends test cases if configured.
5271	The `fuzz` method takes an object `obj` and applies a decorator to it, returning the mutated object.
5272	This method spawns a process with specified command, input, and options, handling exceptions and timeouts.
5273	This method processes input and outputs based on the version of Python.
5274	This method starts a thread to read output from a process, waits for it to complete within a specified timeout, and then closes the process if it is still alive.
5275	Closes the process and logs completion status.
5276	Starts a worker based on the specified options.
5277	Executes a command with optional input, logging completion and handling exceptions.
5278	This Python function `json_encode` takes a function `func` as input and returns a wrapper function that encodes and decodes JSON data.
5279	Builds a string with optional pre and shortest parameters.
5280	This method builds a sequence of values from a dictionary, handling errors and managing a stack of previous values.
5281	Builds a string representation of the object, escaping special characters as needed.
5282	Builds a value with a minimal reference chain based on the provided options.
5283	Builds an option grammar with optional preconditions and shortest option selection.
5284	Builds a reference definition with optional preconditions and recursion control.
5285	Builds a tree structure with optional pre-order traversal and shortest path optimization.
5286	The method `shutdown` attempts to gracefully shut down a process, handling exceptions and logging the completion time.
5287	Runs the process to monitor and monitors for SIGINT, returning the result of `_is_sigsegv` with the return code.
5288	Starts a process based on configuration, handles signals, and manages test cases.
5289	Generates a random float between `a` and `b` (inclusive).
5290	Adds a definition to a category with optional pruning and grammar file.
5291	Adds a definition to a cat group in a dictionary.
5292	Generates a specified number of random values from a given category, applying rules and pruning based on preferences and recursion limits.
5293	This method fuzzes elements based on configuration parameters.
5294	This method fuzzes the configuration JSON, URL-encoding it if specified, and returns the result.
5295	This method attempts to fuzz elements in a JSON object based on the presence of the word "array". If found, it returns the fuzzed array; otherwise, it returns the fuzzed elements of the JSON object. If an exception occurs, it raises a custom exception with the error message.
5296	Decorates a function to mutate an object based on its type.
5297	Handles SIGTERM by stopping the IOLoop if the process is in 'WAITING' or 'RUNNING', and sending a signal to the child process if it's running.
5298	Kills the process if running.
5299	Kills the process if it's running and sets the state to PAUSED.
5300	Resumes the CLI command if paused.
5301	Kills the process if it's running.
5302	Restarts the process if it's running.
5303	Returns a list of SkypeEvent objects from the API response.
5304	Sets the user's mood in the Skype API.
5305	Sets the user's avatar using the provided image data.
5306	Fetches metadata for a given URL using the Skype API.
5307	This method attempts to retrieve a Skype contact by ID, handling exceptions and merging the contact into the current contact list.
5308	Convert user profile to SkypeUser object if status is not "error".
5309	Convert Skype API response to list of bots.
5310	Fetches a bot user from Skype API based on agent ID.
5311	Searches Skype for users matching the given query.
5312	This method retrieves user invites from a Skype API and returns a list of `SkypeRequest` objects.
5313	Convert raw data to fields and return a new instance of the class.
5314	Merges two objects, copying attributes from the second to the first if they exist. If the second object has a `raw` attribute, it updates the first object's `raw` attribute with the second's `raw` attribute.
5315	Merges an object into the cache if it exists, otherwise creates a new entry.
5316	This method attempts to sync state links by replacing the URL and query string with the last state link stored in the `syncStates` dictionary. If a JSON response is received, it checks for a `_metadata` dictionary with a `syncState` key and appends it to the `states` list for later use.
5317	Reads and processes a token file, validating its contents and handling token expiration.
5318	Writes token file with user ID, Skype token, expiry time, and messages host.
5319	Verifies token validity and retrieves tokens if necessary.
5320	Refreshes the Skype token and retrieves a registration token.
5321	Retrieves the user ID from the API.
5322	The method `getRegToken` retrieves a registration token from the Skype registration provider, stores it in the tokens dictionary, and sets the token expiry. It also configures the endpoint if provided and synchronizes the endpoints. If a token file exists, it writes the token to the file.
5323	This method updates the `endpoints` dictionary with SkypeEndpoint objects for all users' messaging services.
5324	Checks if a user exists in the system.
5325	Authenticates user with provided token.
5326	Authenticates with Skype using a given token, handling endpoint registration and token expiration.
5327	Configures the messaging service endpoint for the specified user.
5328	Sends a POST request to the specified endpoint with a timeout parameter.
5329	This method retrieves recent conversations from a Skype connection, updating them with thread properties if available.
5330	This method fetches and merges chat information based on the provided ID, handling both single and group chats.
5331	This method creates a new thread on a Skype connection with specified members and admins, returning the thread's location.
5332	Extracts the username from a URL.
5333	Extracts the conversation ID from a URL.
5334	This function exhausts an iterable, applying a transformation to each item before yielding it.
5335	Converts a string to Unicode and replaces carriage returns with newlines.
5336	Detects format of text using provided handlers.
5337	This function parses text, handling metadata and content based on a provided handler.
5338	Convert metadata and content to a dictionary.
5339	Loads YAML from a file using a specified loader.
5340	Convert metadata to YAML string with specified settings.
5341	Convert metadata to JSON with optional indentation.
5342	This method checks if the current string matches a pattern using regular expressions and caches the result for future use.
5343	This method returns a list of strings extracted from the input string based on a regular expression match.
5344	This method generates sublists based on a given pattern and item match.
5345	Converts a pattern in a string to a new start string.
5346	This method processes a list of arguments based on a shadow and type-to-spans mapping, appending new arguments to a list.
5347	Returns a list of WikiLists from the arguments, filtering by pattern if provided.
5348	This function builds a trie from a list of strings.
5349	This function generates a regular expression pattern from a trie data structure, handling optional and repeating patterns.
5350	This method checks and returns the start and end indices for a given key in a string, handling slicing and negative indices.
5351	Inserts a string at a specified index in a list, updating spans and type-to-spans accordingly.
5352	This method partitions a list of strings based on a specified character, returning the part before the character, the character itself, and the part after the character.
5353	Returns a list of spans for a given type.
5354	This method removes spans from a dictionary based on given start and stop indices.
5355	Inserts or updates the span at the specified index with the given length.
5356	Calculates the nesting level of spans within a given type.
5357	This method updates the shadow cache for an object, parsing the string to create spans and caching the result.
5358	Modifies byte array by replacing spans of characters with spaces and underscores.
5359	Convert type spans to spans for each type.
5360	Convert object to formatted string.
5361	Convert spans to parameters.
5362	Generates a list of `ParserFunction` objects from the input string and type-to-span mapping.
5363	Generates a list of `Template` objects from the given `_lststr` and `_type_to_spans` with spans from `_subspans`.
5364	Converts a list of strings and their types into a list of `WikiLink` objects.
5365	Converts subspans to comments.
5366	This method extracts external links from a string using regular expressions and appends them to a list of `ExternalLink` objects.
5367	This method processes a list of sections based on a given shadow and type-to-spans mapping, appending new spans to existing ones or creating new sections as necessary.
5368	This method generates a list of `Table` objects from a given string, handling spans and shadowing.
5369	This method appends WikiList objects to a list based on patterns found in a string.
5370	This method processes a string and returns a list of tags based on specified conditions.
5371	Iterates over spans of a given type, yielding only those that overlap with a specified range.
5372	This method returns a list of ancestors of a given type in a WikiText object, sorted by their start positions.
5373	Returns the first ancestor of the given type, or None if no such ancestor exists.
5374	Finds the mode of a list by counting occurrences and returning the most frequent element.
5375	Search for argument by name in a list of arguments.
5376	This function normalizes a name by removing comments, code, namespaces, and converting it to uppercase if specified.
5377	Removes duplicates from a list of arguments by stripping whitespace and removing the first occurrence of each unique name.
5378	Removes duplicate positional arguments by stripping whitespace and handling empty values.
5379	Updates or adds an argument to a template string based on its name, position, and whitespace preservation.
5380	Returns an argument by name, reversed if arguments are reversed.
5381	Checks if an argument with a given name and value exists in a list of arguments.
5382	Removes arguments with matching names from a list.
5383	Convert CRS code to string using urllib2.
5384	Search for an item in a dictionary based on a specific property and return it if found.
5385	This function fetches data from a URL, decodes it, and parses it based on the specified format.
5386	This function reads a file, parses its content based on its file extension, and returns a parsed object.
5387	Convert EPSG code to CRS string and return CRS object.
5388	Convert ESRI code to Proj4 string and return CRS object.
5389	Convert a SR code to a CRS string.
5390	This function attempts to determine the CRS (Coordinate Reference System) from a given text, supporting various formats including Proj4, WKT, OGC URNs, EPSG codes, ESRI codes, and SR-ORG codes. If the format is not recognized, it raises a `FormatError`.
5391	Writes header and record data to output.
5392	Reads data from a stream into a `RawVLR` object.
5393	Extracts GeoTiff keys from VLRList and parses them.
5394	This function parses GeoTIFF key values from a GeoKeyDirectoryVlr, GeoDoubleParamsVlr, and GeoAsciiParamsVlr objects, returning a list of GeoTiffKey objects.
5395	This function determines the signedness of an extra dimension based on its type index, returning `DimensionSignedness.UNSIGNED` for unsigned types, `DimensionSignedness.SIGNED` for signed types, and `DimensionSignedness.FLOATING` for floating-point types. If the type index is out of range, it raises an `errors.UnknownExtraType` exception.
5396	Returns the extra dimension ID for a given type string, falling back to style 1 if not found, style 2 if not found, or raises an error if not found.
5397	Creates a new record from an existing one with a specified format.
5398	Copies fields from another record into the current record, handling potential ValueError exceptions.
5399	Appends zeros to the end of the array if the length of the input value is less than the length of the array.
5400	Returns a frozenset of all dimension names in the array and sub-fields.
5401	Creates a new instance of the class with zeros as the data and the specified data type.
5402	Convert a stream of bytes into a NumPy array based on a specified format and count.
5403	Convert compressed buffer to uncompressed data using `decompress_buffer` and return a new instance of the class with the uncompressed data and point format.
5404	Calculates the scaled dimension of the X attribute based on the header's x_scale and x_offset.
5405	Calculates the scaled Y dimension based on header settings.
5406	Returns the scaled dimension of the object's Z coordinate based on the header's z_scale and z_offset.
5407	Adds an extra dimension to the points data with the specified name, type, and description.
5408	This method writes point data to an output stream, possibly compressing it based on the presence of an `ExtraBytesVlr`.
5409	Writes data to a file with optional compression.
5410	Writes to a file or compresses a file based on the destination and compression flag.
5411	Build a dictionary mapping point format IDs to their corresponding data types based on the provided dimensions.
5412	Constructs a dictionary mapping point format IDs to their corresponding data types.
5413	Convert numpy data type to point format.
5414	Finds the minimum version for a given point format ID.
5415	Checks if a point format is compatible with a given file version.
5416	Returns a list of values of a specific type from a list.
5417	Extracts specific type of values from a list based on their class name.
5418	Reads a specified number of VLRs from a data stream, appending them to a list using a factory function. If decoding fails, logs an error.
5419	Checks if all LAS files have the same point format ID.
5420	Checks if all LAS files have the same data type.
5421	Checks if the file signature matches the expected value and raises an error if it does not.
5422	Reads header from stream.
5423	Reads VLRs from a stream.
5424	Read points from a file based on the header and compression settings.
5425	Read compressed point data from a LASzip VLR.
5426	Reads a waveform packet from a stream, parses the header, and returns the header and the waveform record.
5427	Read EVLRs from a stream starting at a specified position.
5428	Logs a warning if the current stream position is not at the expected position.
5429	Opens a file or bytes object as a LasReader.
5430	Reads a LAS file and returns its contents.
5431	Creates a `LasData` object based on the provided `header`.
5432	Creates a `LasData` object based on the provided `point_format_id` and `file_version`.
5433	Converts a LAS file to a new version, handling point format and EVLRs based on the file version.
5434	Merges multiple LAS files into a single LAS file with the same point format, handling extra dimensions and setting scaled coordinates.
5435	Reads a LAS file from a BytesIO object.
5436	Convert creation year and day of year to a date object.
5437	Sets `creation_year` and `creation_day_of_year` from a `datetime` object.
5438	Returns the minimum coordinates of the object.
5439	Sets the minimum values of x, y, and z to the provided value.
5440	Returns the maximum values of x, y, and z.
5441	Updates `x_max`, `y_max`, and `z_max` with the provided value.
5442	Returns an array of scaling factors for x, y, and z.
5443	Returns an array of offsets.
5444	Extracts the major and minor version numbers from a file stream.
5445	Converts an old header to a new version by padding and creating a new header object.
5446	Extracts the least significant bit of each element in the source array using a mask and returns the result as an array of the specified data type.
5447	This function packs a sub-field array into an array using bitwise operations, handling overflow and in-place operations.
5448	Identifies dimensions lost between two point formats.
5449	Convert composed fields to a dictionary with composed dimension names and sub-fields.
5450	Calculates the total size of extra dimensions in bytes.
5451	Checks if all waveform fields are present in the dimension names.
5452	```python
def main(port, ip, command, loglevel):
    numeric_level = getattr(logging, loglevel.upper(), None)
    if not isinstance(numeric_level, int):
        raise ValueError('Invalid log level: %s' % loglevel)
    logging.basicConfig(level=numeric_level)
    click.echo("Demo of satel_integra library")
    if command == "demo":
        demo(ip, port)
```
5453	Calculates a checksum for a given command by rotating the CRC value and XORing it with the command byte.
5454	Converts a byte string to a hexadecimal string and logs it.
5455	Verifies and strips a response, checking for header, footer, and checksum errors.
5456	This function takes a binary string `r` and an expected length, then returns a list of bit indices where the binary string has a '1'.
5457	Generates a query with checksum and specific hex sequences.
5458	This code defines a function `demo` that sets up an asynchronous satellite connection and performs various operations such as connecting, arming, disarming, keeping alive, monitoring status, and running forever.
5459	Connects to a server asynchronously.
5460	Start monitoring with query, send data, read response, log warning if no data or not accepted.
5461	Sends disarm command with padded code and partition bytes.
5462	Clears an alarm with a given code and partition list.
5463	Sets output state based on user code and state.
5464	This method continuously checks the alarm status every `self._keep_alive_timeout` seconds until the alarm is closed.
5465	Start monitoring loop, connect, start monitoring, update status, check connection, close loop.
5466	Closes the connection and sets the closed flag.
5467	Removes user from database.
5468	Determines the type of a file or directory based on its extension and existence.
5469	Retrieves file ID from database or returns error if file does not exist.
5470	This method retrieves a notebook from a database, decrypting the content if necessary, and returns the notebook model if found, otherwise returns an error message.
5471	Convert database record to notebook model with content and format.
5472	This method retrieves a directory record from a database, handling exceptions and returning a 400 or 404 status based on the path.
5473	Convert file records to models based on their type.
5474	Converts a database record into a directory model, setting format to 'json' and content to a list of file models and subdirectory models.
5475	Convert database record to file model with specified content and format.
5476	Saves a notebook to a database, encrypts it, and returns a message.
5477	Saves a file to a specified path using encryption and limits the file size.
5478	This method handles file and directory renaming operations within a database, managing exceptions for existing entities and root directory renames.
5479	Deletes a file or directory based on its existence.
5480	Ensures a user is added to the database with a unique ID.
5481	Deletes all records from `files`, `directories`, and `users` tables where `user_id` matches the provided `user_id`.
5482	Inserts a new directory into the database with the specified name, user ID, and parent directory information.
5483	Checks if a table entry matches a specific directory and user ID.
5484	Deletes a directory from the database based on user ID and API path. If the directory is not empty, raises a DirectoryNotEmpty exception. If the directory does not exist, raises a NoSuchDirectory exception. Returns the number of rows affected.
5485	Checks if a directory exists in a database for a specific user.
5486	This function retrieves distinct files from a database based on a user ID and directory name, returning a list of dictionaries with file details.
5487	This function retrieves directories for a given user in a specified directory from a database and returns them as a list of dictionaries.
5488	`_file_where` filters files based on user ID, API path, and directory.
5489	Selects files based on user ID and API path, orders by creation date, and limits the result set if specified.
5490	Returns a list of file fields.
5491	This method retrieves a file from a database based on user ID and API path, decrypts it if specified, and returns the file data as a dictionary.
5492	This function retrieves a file from a database based on user ID, API path, and optional content inclusion, using a decryption function.
5493	Returns the file ID from the database.
5494	Checks if a file exists in a database.
5495	This function renames a directory in a database, ensuring that the operation is safe and follows best practices for database operations.
5496	Save file to database with optional encryption and size check.
5497	Generates notebooks based on specified parameters.
5498	Removes remote checkpoints for a specific user from the database.
5499	Generates checkpoints using a specified engine and crypto factory.
5500	This function generates notebooks from a database table based on specified conditions, decrypts them, and yields the results.
5501	Encrypts row content in a database table using specified decryption and encryption functions.
5502	Re-encrypts user content and checkpoints using specified functions.
5503	Generates a single Fernet key from a password and user ID using PBKDF2HMAC.
5504	Derive fallback Fernet keys from passwords and user ID.
5505	Creates a factory function for Fernet encryption based on a single password.
5506	Memoizes a single-argument function.
5507	Returns the name of a column-like object.
5508	Convert a list of fields and a row into a dictionary, excluding the 'content' field.
5509	Convert a row to a dictionary with content decrypted.
5510	Creates a notebook checkpoint using the specified engine, user ID, path, and encryption.
5511	Creates a file checkpoint with the given content, format, path, and encrypts it.
5512	Deletes a checkpoint from the database.
5513	Retrieves the content of a remote checkpoint from the database.
5514	Summarizes the method `list_checkpoints` by returning a list of remote checkpoints from a database.
5515	Rename all checkpoints in the database.
5516	Deletes all remote checkpoints for a given user and path.
5517	Removes remote checkpoints for the specified user.
5518	Resolves a path by finding a sub-manager or using the root manager, raising an HTTPError if not found.
5519	Applies a prefix to a model's path and content recursively.
5520	This function takes a method name and a boolean flag, then dispatches the method call to the appropriate manager based on the path provided. It returns the result of the method call, possibly with a prefix applied if the flag is set.
5521	This function takes a method name, a default path, and a boolean indicating whether to return a model. It resolves the path, calls the method, and returns the result. If the method returns a model and a prefix is applied, it applies the prefix to the result.
5522	This function handles path dispatching between two managers, raising an error if the managers are different and applying a prefix to the result if specified.
5523	This method updates the `managers` dictionary by stripping slashes from keys and removing any invalid directory names.
5524	This method retrieves content from a specified path, handling optional parameters like content type and format. It normalizes the path and checks for the existence of a root manager. If the root manager is not available, it creates a base directory model. It then appends extra directories and returns the updated model.
5525	Normalizes a given API path by removing leading and trailing slashes, handling '..' to raise an error if it's outside the root, and returns the normalized path.
5526	Splits a file path into a directory name and a file name.
5527	Converts a number to base64 encoding.
5528	Decodes a base64 string and returns the decoded string as UTF-8, or raises a CorruptedFile exception if decoding fails.
5529	Decodes base64 content to UTF-8 if possible, otherwise returns ASCII.
5530	Decodes base64 content from a file path and returns the decoded content, format, and MIME type.
5531	This function takes a path, strips any leading slashes, and returns a list of all directories in the path, in reverse order.
5532	Convert `PathOutsideRoot` exceptions to `HTTPError` with a 404 status and a message indicating the path outside the root.
5533	Creates a user in a PostgreSQL database.
5534	This function separates directories and files from a list of models based on their type.
5535	Iterates over directories, sorts their contents, and yields directory, sorted directories, and sorted files.
5536	Iterates over files in directories managed by `mgr`.
5537	Iterates over files in a directory manager, yielding their content.
5538	Re-encrypts all users using new encryption factory.
5539	Re-encrypts user content using new and old crypto methods.
5540	Unencrypts all users using the provided engine, old crypto factory, and logger.
5541	Unencrypts a single user's content using a specified encryption engine, old decryption function, and new encryption function.
5542	Creates a temporary Alembic ini file with specified directory and URL.
5543	Upgrades an Alembic database using subprocess.
5544	Sanitizes a block by applying a serializer based on the block's type.
5545	Adds an instance ID to a queue based on the embed type and data.
5546	Loads instances based on the specified embed type and IDs.
5547	Inserts an instance based on the block's type and data, using a serializer to handle the serialization process.
5548	Loads data instances for each embedding type.
5549	Validates data against a theme's widgets and fields.
5550	This method generates a context dictionary for rendering an HTML template, including API URL, JavaScript bundle name, and CSS bundle name based on the dispatch version.
5551	Convert object fields to JSON format.
5552	Removes authenticated fields from the form if not authenticated.
5553	Excludes fields from the request query parameters.
5554	This method retrieves an article based on the provided URL parameters, handling both published and preview versions.
5555	This method retrieves a queryset of objects based on various query parameters, including filtering by headline, section, tags, and author. It optimizes queries by prefetching related data and ordering the results by the most recent update.
5556	Get base queryset from DispatchPublishableMixin, order by updated_at, optionally filter by query parameter q.
5557	`get_attribute` returns `True` if `attr` is truthy, otherwise `False`.
5558	Validates widget attributes and zones.
5559	Validates a zone object by checking for valid 'id' and 'name' attributes.
5560	Checks if a given string is a valid UUID.
5561	Determine user permissions based on group membership and superuser status.
5562	Modifies user's group permissions based on input.
5563	Validates author data by ensuring it is a list, contains a 'person' key, and optionally a 'type' key that is a string.
5564	Saves a zone with nested widget data, applying before-save hooks.
5565	This method returns a dictionary containing the values of the fields in the object.
5566	This method prepares data for a given object by iterating over its fields, retrieving data from the object's data dictionary, and applying a prepare method to each field's data.
5567	Renders a template with optional data and context.
5568	This method retrieves settings for a class, optionally excluding hidden fields.
5569	This method handles the callback from a Facebook integration, fetching pages for the authenticated user.
5570	This method retrieves settings for a given integration ID, returning them as a JSON object. If the integration does not exist or the settings are invalid, it returns an empty dictionary.
5571	Updates settings for an integration by loading existing settings, updating them with new settings, and saving the updated settings.
5572	Handles user signup, checks invite expiration, saves user, and redirects based on invite permissions.
5573	Convert a list of items into a string of HTML tags.
5574	This function retrieves a zone from a theme manager, renders its widget with additional context, and handles exceptions for not found zones or widget attributes.
5575	This method saves a featured image based on data provided, deleting the existing one if necessary.
5576	Updates subsection_id for all articles under the current parent.
5577	Extracts the file extension from an image name.
5578	Returns the medium-sized image URL based on the media URL and name.
5579	Saves an image with thumbnails based on specified sizes.
5580	This method saves a thumbnail of an image to the default storage system.
5581	Connects to the database if not already connected.
5582	Creates a bandwidth-limited stream from a file object, optionally disabling bandwidth limiting.
5583	Reads data from a file object, consuming from a leaky bucket when necessary.
5584	This method manages consumption requests, releasing requested amounts based on scheduling and rate limits.
5585	Updates total wait time and schedules consumption details.
5586	Removes scheduled consumption from token dictionary and updates total wait time.
5587	Calculates projected rate based on exponential moving average.
5588	Updates consumption rate based on time and amount.
5589	Downloads a file from a specified bucket and key, handling optional extra arguments and expected size.
5590	This method waits for a transfer to complete and raises an exception if it fails.
5591	Generates a list of callback functions based on subscriber types and callback types.
5592	Filters a dictionary based on a list of whitelisted keys.
5593	Decrement counter if not zero, call callback if finalized and count is zero.
5594	Finalizes the object by setting `_is_finalized` to `True` if `_count` is zero and calling `_callback`.
5595	Determines if a file is a special file based on its mode.
5596	Acquires a semaphore with an optional blocking parameter. If the semaphore is not available, raises a NoResourcesAvailable exception.
5597	Releases the semaphore.
5598	Adjusts chunk size based on file size and limits.
5599	Submits a task to the transfer coordinator for writing data to a file.
5600	Creates an `IOWriteTask` instance with specified parameters.
5601	This method determines the appropriate download output manager based on the file object and operating system utilities provided.
5602	This method downloads an object from an S3 bucket, handling retries and progress callbacks.
5603	Writes data to a file at a specified offset.
5604	This method processes a request for writing data at a specified offset, handling duplicates and prioritizing writes based on the next expected offset.
5605	Checks if a file object is seekable.
5606	Uploads a file to a specified bucket with optional extra arguments and subscribers.
5607	Downloads a file from a specified bucket and key to a file object, with optional extra arguments and subscribers.
5608	Copies data from a source to a bucket with optional extra arguments, subscribers, and source client.
5609	Deletes a key from a bucket with optional extra arguments and subscribers.
5610	Shutdown method with optional parameters
5611	Cancels all tracked transfer coordinators with a given message and exception type.
5612	The method `wait` attempts to wait for the result of each tracked transfer coordinator, handling KeyboardInterrupts gracefully and ignoring other exceptions.
5613	Reads data from a fileobj, handling initial data and truncation as specified.
5614	Wraps data in a file object and opens a chunk reader from it.
5615	This method determines the appropriate input manager class based on the file object type provided in the `transfer_future` metadata.
5616	Sets the exception for the transfer coordinator.
5617	Sets the result and status of the object.
5618	Sets exception and status based on conditions.
5619	Wait for the event to be set, then raise an exception if present or return the result.
5620	Cancels the task with an optional message and exception type, updating the status and announcing completion if necessary.
5621	Submits a task to an executor and adds it to the list of associated futures.
5622	Appends a callback function to the done callbacks list.
5623	Appends a function to the failure cleanup list.
5624	Announces completion of a task.
5625	Submits a task to an executor with a semaphore, handling tag-specific semaphores and releasing them upon task completion.
5626	Adds a callback to a future that will be invoked when the future is done.
5627	Uploads a file to an S3 bucket using multipart upload if the file size exceeds a threshold, otherwise uploads it using a single request.
5628	This method downloads a file from an S3 bucket, handling exceptions and removing partial files if an error occurs.
5629	Iterate over function definitions and class definitions, yield functions with 'step' decorators.
5630	The method checks if a decorator step is a string or a list of strings, logging an error if it's neither.
5631	Refactors a step in a code snippet by replacing parameters and updating the code accordingly.
5632	Iterate over all `def` nodes in the Python tree, find those with a `step` decorator, and yield the node and the decorator.
5633	The method checks if the decorator step is a string or a list of strings, logging an error if it's neither.
5634	Refactors a step in a codebase by replacing old text with new text and moving parameters from one index to another.
5635	Selects Python parser based on environment variable or default.
5636	This method retrieves items from a session, filters them based on team ID and maximum limit, and yields team membership objects from the returned JSON data.
5637	Creates a team membership object from a POST request to an API endpoint with specified parameters.
5638	This method updates a team membership by sending a PUT request to the API with the provided parameters.
5639	Deletes a membership by its ID.
5640	Fetches a random cat fact from the API.
5641	This method processes a POST request from Webex Teams, extracts relevant data, and sends a cat fact to the room where the request was received.
5642	This method retrieves items from a session based on specified parameters and yields membership objects created from the returned JSON objects.
5643	Deletes a membership by its ID.
5644	Validates a base URL by checking for a scheme and network location.
5645	Checks if a string is a valid web URL.
5646	This function opens a local file, determines its content type, and returns an `EncodableFile` object.
5647	Checks if an object is an instance of one of the specified types, allowing for optional None values.
5648	Convert a list of dictionaries and items into a dictionary.
5649	Checks if the response status code matches the expected code, raising specific exceptions for rate limit and API errors.
5650	Convert JSON data to a dictionary or parse a JSON string.
5651	Convert a date string to a datetime object with a specific format and timezone.
5652	Summarizes a method that retrieves items from a session with optional parameters and yields room objects created from the returned JSON objects.
5653	Creates a room object from a JSON response.
5654	Updates a room with the given title and parameters.
5655	Deletes a room by its ID.
5656	This method retrieves items from a session using a specified organization ID and request parameters, then yields license objects created from the returned JSON objects.
5657	Convert JSON 'created' to WebexTeamsDateTime if present, otherwise return None.
5658	This function retrieves an access token from environment variables, falling back to legacy variables if the primary one is not set. It includes a deprecation warning for the use of legacy variables.
5659	Creates a webhook object from a POST request to an API endpoint with specified parameters.
5660	Updates a webhook with the specified parameters.
5661	Deletes a webhook by its ID.
5662	Fixes a URL by ensuring it has a scheme, netloc, and path, removes 'max=null' from the query, and returns the corrected URL.
5663	Sets the rate limit wait state.
5664	Updates the request session headers with the provided dictionary.
5665	Convert relative URL to absolute URL by combining with base URL.
5666	This method handles HTTP requests, including rate limiting, and returns the response.
5667	Extracts JSON from a GET request response.
5668	This method fetches pages from a given URL, handling pagination and extracting JSON data from each page.
5669	This method retrieves items from a JSON data page by iterating over pages and yielding each item.
5670	Summarize the `put` method in one line.
5671	Deletes a resource at the specified URL with the given expected response code.
5672	This method creates a JWT token using the provided parameters and sends a POST request to the specified URL with the token in the headers.
5673	Summarize the method to get items from a session with specified parameters.
5674	This method creates a message with optional files and sends it to a specified room or person using an API endpoint.
5675	Deletes a message by its ID.
5676	Creates a person object from a JSON response.
5677	This method retrieves a person object from a given person ID using an API endpoint and returns it.
5678	Updates a person's information in the system.
5679	Deletes a person by their ID.
5680	This method retrieves a person object from an API endpoint using a session and returns it.
5681	This method retrieves items from an API using the provided parameters and yields role objects created from the returned JSON objects.
5682	This method retrieves items from an API, processes them, and yields team objects.
5683	Creates a team object from a POST request to an API endpoint with specified parameters.
5684	Updates a team with the given team ID and name, making an API request with the provided parameters.
5685	Deletes a team by its ID.
5686	This method retrieves items from a resource based on specified parameters and yields event objects created from the returned items.
5687	Serializes data by recursively freezing and sorting elements of lists and dictionaries.
5688	This method retrieves an access token from a specified endpoint using the provided client ID, client secret, authorization code, and redirect URI. It constructs a POST request with the necessary parameters, sends the request, checks the response code, extracts the JSON data, and returns an access token object created from the response.
5689	Returns the last activity time as a `WebexTeamsDateTime` object if available, otherwise returns `None`.
5690	This method processes a POST request from Webex Teams, extracts webhook data, retrieves room and message details, identifies the sender, and responds to messages containing "/CAT".
5691	This function retrieves the public URL of a running ngrok tunnel.
5692	Deletes webhooks by name.
5693	Creates a webhook using the provided API and NGrok public URL.
5694	This code snippet deletes webhooks by name and creates a new webhook using a public URL obtained from NGrok.
5695	This Python script sets up a DSMR data reader that can either connect via a serial port or a TCP host, reads data, and prints it. It uses asyncio for asynchronous operations and logging for debugging.
5696	Reads data from a serial port, decodes it, and yields parsed telegrams.
5697	Reads serial data, decodes it, parses it, and pushes it onto a queue.
5698	Creates a DSMR protocol based on the specified version and callback function.
5699	Creates a DSMR reader with specified port, version, and callback function.
5700	Creates a TCP DSMR reader connection.
5701	Handles incoming data, decodes it, logs it, and processes each telegram in the buffer.
5702	Logs a message indicating the reason for the connection loss.
5703	Handles incoming Telegram messages, logs them, attempts to parse them, and calls a callback function with the parsed data if successful.
5704	This method parses a Telegram data string based on a specification, validating checksums if enabled, and extracting specific objects based on their signatures.
5705	Extracts the version from a Python file.
5706	Checks if Python version is supported by a list of specifications.
5707	This function finds all packages in a given directory and its subdirectories, returning a list of their relative paths.
5708	This function creates a dictionary of command classes for a Python package, including handling file operations and building eggs.
5709	Convert a function into a command object.
5710	Runs a command with optional arguments and environment.
5711	Ensure targets are present.
5712	Wraps a command class with additional functionality.
5713	This function creates a `FileHandler` class that processes package data and data files based on the provided specifications.
5714	Extracts existing data files and constructs a data files spec based on specified data specifications.
5715	This function retrieves files from a specified directory based on given file patterns.
5716	Compiles a regular expression pattern from a string or bytes, optionally ignoring case.
5717	Yield each part of a path recursively.
5718	Translates a path pattern into a regular expression.
5719	Joins translated parts with OS separator, handling '**' as a wildcard.
5720	Translates a glob pattern to a regular expression.
5721	Truncates the specified table and executes any serial key SQL.
5722	Writes table data to the database.
5723	Writes indexes for a table using a PostgreSQL database.
5724	Executes trigger creation SQL statements for a given table.
5725	Writes constraints to the database.
5726	Writes contents to a file using a file object faker.
5727	This method processes a row in a table by handling different data types and converting them to a standardized format.
5728	Writes indexes to a file.
5729	Writes constraints to a file.
5730	Writes triggers for a PostgreSQL table.
5731	Returns the number of items in the queue.
5732	Inserts a JSONified data into a database table.
5733	This method starts a task loop, dequeues tasks based on a predicate, and retries tasks until a timeout is reached or a task is dequeued.
5734	Build extra predicate for database query.
5735	Converts an object to a JSON string using the `isoformat` method if available, otherwise raises a `TypeError`.
5736	Reconnects to a database using MySQL, closing the previous connection if it exists.
5737	This method retrieves a single row from a database query, handling errors for non-select queries and multiple rows.
5738	Connect to a database using provided credentials.
5739	This code launches multiple worker threads to perform a benchmark, measures the workload time, and then stops the workers. It then retrieves the number of rows inserted and calculates the average rows per second.
5740	Connects to a pool or primary aggregator, handling exceptions and updating the aggregator list.
5741	Prints the key associated with the given error number.
5742	Calculates the total size of all queues and the number of fairies in the system.
5743	Handle connection failures by retrying or logging.
5744	This function takes a list of fields and joins them into a SQL query string with placeholders for the values. It also returns a dictionary of parameter names and their corresponding values.
5745	Updates a table with specified fields.
5746	Connects to a database using provided parameters.
5747	Sets up the database connection and executes table definitions.
5748	Drops all tables in the database.
5749	Start a new step by checking if the step is already finished, retrieving the step data, and raising appropriate exceptions if the step is already started or stopped. Append the new step to the steps list and save the updated steps.
5750	Updates a step's stop time and duration in a workflow.
5751	Transforms raw steps into parsed steps.
5752	Disconnects from the API, clears the reconnect requirement flag, sets the disconnect called flag, and closes the socket if it exists.
5753	Reconnects the socket if it is open.
5754	Connects to a WebSocket server with SSL/TLS verification and retries on failure.
5755	Handles incoming messages, logs them, and processes them based on their type.
5756	Stops all timers and logs a debug message.
5757	Sends a ping to an API and sets up a timer to check for a response.
5758	Cancels the pong timer if received, logs a debug message if not received, and issues a reconnect if not received.
5759	Sends a JSON payload to an API using a WebSocket connection, handling authentication and list data.
5760	Clear paused flag, re-subscribe softly.
5761	Handles system messages by distributing them to appropriate handlers based on the event type.
5762	Logs error and raises ValueError for invalid user code, pauses websocket server on version 20051, refreshes data on version 20060, and handles unknown info codes.
5763	Handles error logging with predefined error messages.
5764	Passes data to client.
5765	Restores Bitfinex websocket configuration, resubscribes for soft start, and handles key errors.
5766	Handles authentication by removing channel ID and user ID from data, creating an identifier, and storing it in the channel handlers and directory.
5767	Logs configuration acceptance.
5768	Updates timestamp for a channel in a dictionary, logging a warning if the channel is not found.
5769	Resets the connection and waits for it to be established before sending messages.
5770	`candles` method retrieves candles data for a given pair and timeframe from a queue processor.
5771	Configures the connection with specified flags and updates the connection object.
5772	Subscribes to a ticker for a given pair with optional keyword arguments.
5773	Unsubscribes from a ticker with the given pair.
5774	Subscribes to an order book for a given pair.
5775	Unsubscribes from the order book for a given pair.
5776	Subscribes to a raw order book for a given pair with optional precision.
5777	Unsubscribes from a raw order book for a given pair with optional precision.
5778	Subscribes to trades for a given pair.
5779	Unsubscribes from trades for a given pair.
5780	Subscribes to candles for a given pair and timeframe.
5781	Unsubscribes candles for a given pair and timeframe.
5782	Authenticates the API with the provided key and secret.
5783	Cancels an order with optional multi-transaction support.
5784	Handles incoming MQTT messages, logs errors, processes commands, and calls a callback if provided.
5785	Handles incoming MQTT messages, processes them, logs them, and calls a callback if configured.
5786	Handles incoming MQTT messages, logs errors, and calls a callback if a notification is received.
5787	Creates a new device type using the provided API client.
5788	Publishes an event with specified format and data to a topic.
5789	Updates a device with the specified metadata, device info, and status.
5790	This method constructs a query parameter dictionary based on the provided `status` and `connectedAfter` parameters, then returns an `IterableClientStatusList` object using the `_apiClient` with the constructed query parameters.
5791	Fetches a bundle from the API and returns its JSON content if successful, otherwise raises an exception.
5792	Creates a bundle using the provided data.
5793	Updates a schema in the API with the given schema ID and definition.
5794	Closes the connection to the IBM Watson IoT Platform.
5795	Handles MQTT connection events, logging, and subscription restoration.
5796	Subscribes to device events based on type, device, event, message format, and QoS level.
5797	Subscribes to device status topic based on type and device ID.
5798	Subscribes to device commands based on type, device, command, and message format.
5799	This method publishes a command to an MQTT topic using the provided parameters, handling quickstart applications, message codecs, and callbacks.
5800	Logs a warning when an unsupported message is received.
5801	Handles incoming MQTT messages, logs them, and calls a callback if configured.
5802	Handles device status updates, logs them, and calls a callback if provided.
5803	Handles incoming MQTT messages, logs them, and calls a callback if the message is valid.
5804	This method retrieves an event from a device using the provided device UID and event ID, handling different types of input and returning the event data or raising an exception if the request fails.
5805	This method retrieves events for a given device using the provided `deviceUid`.
5806	This method makes an API call and returns the JSON response if the status code is 200, otherwise raises an exception.
5807	Initiates an API request and returns the JSON response if successful, otherwise raises an exception.
5808	This method retrieves the status of a management request based on the provided request ID, type ID, and device ID. It uses the `_apiClient` to make a GET request to the appropriate endpoint and returns the JSON response if the request is successful. If the request fails, it raises an `ApiException`.
5809	Closes the index handle if it exists, otherwise raises an IOError.
5810	Counts the number of intersections between a set of coordinates and a set of pointers.
5811	This method finds the nearest neighbors of a given set of coordinates in a dataset.
5812	This method retrieves bounds for a given coordinate interleaved data using a handle and a specific function.
5813	Deletes data at specified coordinates using the provided handle and dimensions.
5814	This function iterates over a stream, extracts coordinates and data, and populates an index with the extracted information.
5815	The method `loadByteArray` is designed to load a byte array from a specified page and handle errors by raising an `IllegalStateError`.
5816	Deletes an object from the index based on its ID and coordinates.
5817	Checks if the result is not zero, retrieves the last error message, constructs an error message, resets the error, and raises a `RTreeError` if the result is not zero.
5818	Loads an application based on its type.
5819	Initializes Flask app with extensions, configures WhiteNoise, sets up caching, and adds route for favicon.
5820	Starts a web server using Gunicorn or Flask based on the app's debug mode.
5821	Convert value to native URL set using versatileimagefield with optional request context.
5822	Crops an image centered at a specified point and resizes it to a given width and height.
5823	This method processes an image by cropping it and saving it in a specified format.
5824	Processes an image by resizing it and saving it to a file.
5825	Convert image to inverted and save it.
5826	Convert data to Python object if it's not None and has an open method, then call the superclass method to process the data.
5827	This method processes a placeholder image, setting its name and saving it to the storage if it doesn't already exist.
5828	Updates PPOI field before saving the model instance.
5829	Updates the `ppoi` field of an instance based on the `VersatileImageFieldFile` if it exists and is not a tuple.
5830	Updates the form field based on the data provided.
5831	Sets up a form field with default settings and overrides for specific widgets.
5832	Convert object value to string based on Django version.
5833	This function attempts to dynamically import the `versatileimagefield` module from each Django app, ensuring that the module is available for use in the application. If the module is not found, it raises an exception.
5834	Removes a registered SizedImage subclass from the registry.
5835	Removes a filter from the registry if it exists.
5836	Returns the URL of the placeholder image if the name is not set, otherwise returns the URL of the superclass.
5837	Build filters and sizers for a field with a placeholder image.
5838	Returns the path to the filtered root folder.
5839	Returns the path to the sized root folder for the image field.
5840	Returns the path to the filtered root folder.
5841	Deletes files from storage based on a regex pattern.
5842	Rotates image based on EXIF orientation, preserves ICC profile, and applies preprocessing specific to the image format.
5843	Preprocesses a GIF image by saving its transparency if available.
5844	Converts non-RGB images to RGB and returns the image and save_kwargs.
5845	Retrieves an image from a specified path, opens it, determines its format and MIME type, and returns the image object along with the file extension and format.
5846	Saves an image file to a specified path using an in-memory file object.
5847	Convert `ppoi` to string, replace decimal points with hyphens, and concatenate.
5848	Resizes and saves an image.
5849	Summarizes the method by describing its purpose, parameters, and return value.
5850	This method generates a context dictionary for a ClearableFileInput widget, including attributes, template name, and additional fields like a checkbox for clearing the file.
5851	Builds a dictionary of attributes by copying base attributes and updating with extra attributes.
5852	Generates a resized image path by joining components and removing spaces.
5853	Generates a memcached key for an image path based on a filename and a key.
5854	Validates and returns a list of unique size keys from a given iterable.
5855	Extracts URL from image key based on size.
5856	Returns a set of rendition keys for the given key, or raises an exception if the key does not exist.
5857	Formats an instruction with its mnemonic and immediate parts.
5858	Summarize the code method to capture the core idea of generating a formatted function description based on the given parameters.
5859	Decodes bytecode into instructions.
5860	Decodes a module and its sections, optionally decoding name subsections.
5861	Decorates a function to issue a deprecation warning the first time it is called.
5862	Connects to a server using asyncio.
5863	Cancels the pinger and protocol if they exist.
5864	Reads a line from a reader and parses it using a specified encoding.
5865	This method handles FastAGI requests by reading from a reader, parsing headers, and routing the request to a specified route based on the agi_network_script header. It logs information about the request and handles exceptions that occur during the request processing.
5866	This function parses an AGI result line, returning an error dictionary if the line is 'HANGUP'.
5867	This function checks the AGI (Automatic Genie Interface) response and returns a dictionary with the status code, result, and message. It handles different AGI error codes and responses, including hangup, application errors, and usage errors.
5868	Resets all instances of a class with a given uid, setting their uid and generator.
5869	Generates a list of formatted strings representing instances of the class.
5870	This function reads metadata from a setup.py file and returns it as a dictionary.
5871	Extracts primary keys from a SQLAlchemy model.
5872	Deserializes a value into a related model instance.
5873	This method retrieves an existing instance from a database query based on a given query and value. It first checks if the columns are set, and if so, filters the query by the related keys with the provided value. If no result is found, it uses a faster path if the related key is the primary key. If the result is still None, it raises a `NoResultFound` exception.
5874	This method retrieves and updates fields for a class based on options and converters.
5875	This method initializes a model schema with a session, instance, and transient flag, and then loads data into the model instance.
5876	Extracts keyword arguments and association attributes from a dictionary.
5877	Deletes orphan snapshots after upgrading the application.
5878	Snapshots are created for database tables.
5879	Prints a list of snapshot names and their creation times.
5880	Restores a snapshot with the given name, handling errors and waiting for background processes if necessary.
5881	Removes a snapshot from the application.
5882	Renames a snapshot in an application.
5883	Replaces a snapshot by removing the old one and creating a new one.
5884	Reshuffles the indexes if shuffle is True.
5885	`textacy_cleaner` is a function that processes text by removing various types of unwanted elements such as URLs, emails, phone numbers, numbers, currency symbols, punctuation, contractions, and accents.
5886	Applies a function in parallel to a list of data using multiple CPU cores.
5887	Transforms text by applying cleaner, tokenizing, and appending start and end tokens.
5888	Processes text using specified cleaner, tokenizer, and indicators.
5889	This method processes a list of strings in parallel using multiple cores.
5890	Sets maximum document length based on heuristic percentile.
5891	This method returns a DataFrame with word counts sorted by frequency in descending order.
5892	Convert parameter type to string type.
5893	This function parses interface parameters from a dictionary, setting default values and parsing parameter types.
5894	Resolves and returns a strong reference to the inverse bidict.
5895	Updates the object with rollback mechanism for duplicate items.
5896	Creates a copy of the bidict instance.
5897	Creates a new instance of the class with the same data.
5898	Compares two mappings for equality, ignoring order.
5899	Inverts an object if it has an `__inverted__` method, otherwise returns a tuple of key-value pairs from the object.
5900	Clears the forward and inverse matrices and sets the next and previous pointers of the sentinel node.
5901	Moves a node to the end of the linked list.
5902	Writes a temporary file with the given text.
5903	Searches for contacts in all address books, sorts them based on first or last name, and returns the sorted list.
5904	This function configures a `config` object based on command-line arguments, setting various properties such as display, grouping, sorting, and search options. It also handles the case where no address books are specified on the command line, assuming all address books are to be used.
5905	This function loads address books based on the provided names and configuration. It checks if the names are valid and loads the corresponding address books.
5906	This function prepares search queries for address book parsing based on provided arguments and returns a dictionary of query regexes for each address book.
5907	This function creates a new contact in the specified address book, reads data from stdin if available, writes the contact to a file, and optionally opens the contact in an editor.
5908	Filters, sorts, and formats contact birthdays based on user preferences.
5909	This Python function processes a list of vCard objects, searching for phone numbers based on user input and printing matching phone numbers or all phone numbers found.
5910	Summarizes the logic for processing a list of vcard objects and printing contact information based on specified criteria.
5911	This Python script modifies a vCard based on user input, converting it to a supported version if necessary, and then either writes it to a file or modifies an existing contact.
5912	This function prompts the user to confirm deletion of a contact from an address book, handling both affirmative and negative responses.
5913	Executes a subprocess to open a file with a specified editor.
5914	This function merges two contacts from different address books based on user selection.
5915	This Python function handles the copying or moving of a vcard from one address book to another, checking for duplicates and providing options to overwrite or merge contacts.
5916	Returns the action associated with the given alias from the action map.
5917	Convert boolean configuration value based on string input.
5918	Creates a new contact object.
5919	Creates a new instance of the class from a file.
5920	Creates a new contact object from user input.
5921	Creates a new contact from an existing one with new user input.
5922	Extracts names from a vCard object based on a specified part.
5923	Adds categories to the vcard object.
5924	This function parses a list of types, categorizing them into standard and custom types based on their format and value.
5925	Convert a list to a string with a specified delimiter.
5926	Convert a string to a date object.
5927	Calculates the number of matching characters between two strings.
5928	Searches for all contacts matching a query, including phone numbers with special characters, and yields matching contacts.
5929	Iterates over contacts, yielding only those whose full name matches the query.
5930	Searches for a contact by UID, yielding the contact if found exactly or all contacts whose UID starts with the given query.
5931	Searches the address book for a query using the specified method.
5932	This method generates a dictionary mapping short UIDs to their corresponding contacts from a list of contacts.
5933	Finds the shortest unique prefix of a given UID from a dictionary.
5934	Search for `.vcf` files in the specified directory, filtering by a search string if provided and including files from source directories if specified.
5935	This method loads vCard files from a specified directory, handling errors and skipping unparsable files.
5936	Finds an `abook` by name in the `_abooks` list.
5937	Returns a dictionary mapping architecture names to their corresponding KS_ARCH and KS_MODE values.
5938	Returns a dictionary mapping architecture names to their corresponding CS_ARCH and CS_MODE values.
5939	Extracts argument specifications from a function, handling both Python 2 and Cython-compiled functions.
5940	This function takes a parser, arguments, and various options, parses the arguments, and executes a command based on the parsed arguments. If no commands are declared, it displays a help message.
5941	Convert input to bytes if Python 2.x, decode if Python 3.x.
5942	Converts a value to a string, handling Python 2 and 3 encoding.
5943	This function infers the action and type for a keyword argument based on its default value and choices.
5944	Summarize the code method in one line: Adds commands to a parser with optional namespace and function arguments.
5945	A decorator that changes the name of a function.
5946	This code defines a decorator that adds positional arguments to a function's signature.
5947	Prompts user for confirmation with default values and maximum iterations.
5948	Updates query data with provided keyword arguments.
5949	This method updates the object's filters by adding new patterns based on keyword arguments.
5950	This method checks for missing filter or order criteria, converts the timeout to an integer, and then searches the model's index with the provided filters and order by criteria, using the specified timeout.
5951	This method returns the first entity from a list of entities if a limit is set, otherwise it returns the first entity from a model if no limit is set.
5952	Deletes entities of models with foreign key relationships.
5953	This method handles the deletion of entities based on their relationships and default values, updating the database accordingly.
5954	Summarize the code method in one line.
5955	Estimates work based on Lua code with optional prefix and range.
5956	This method prepares filters, orders results, and returns a range of elements from a sorted set in a database.
5957	Counts the number of elements in a set stored in a Redis database.
5958	Connects to a database or resource based on the object's type.
5959	Converts a value to a string, removes punctuation, and sorts the words.
5960	Refreshes indices for a model by fetching entities in blocks and updating the session.
5961	This function cleans up old indexes in a Redis database by iterating over unique and non-unique indexes, using HSCAN if available, and handling unique index cleanup in Redis versions prior to 2.8.
5962	Adds an object to the known and wknown dictionaries based on its primary key.
5963	Retrieves known or unknown value based on the provided primary key.
5964	This function writes data to a Redis database using Lua scripting, handling unique keys, race conditions, and data races.
5965	Handles pre-commit hooks, updates or inserts data, and handles post-commit hooks.
5966	Handles deletion of an object, including pre-commit and post-commit hooks.
5967	This method retrieves objects from a database or Redis based on a list of IDs, handling cases where objects are not found in the database.
5968	Registers a function to handle serialization of objects of a specific type.
5969	Opens a semaphore with the given name and value. If the semaphore already exists, raises a FileExistsError. If the semaphore does not exist, raises a FileNotFoundError. If no semaphore implementation is available, raises a NotImplementedError. Otherwise, returns the semaphore handle.
5970	This function calculates the number of available CPUs based on various system settings and environment variables.
5971	This method sends a result or exception to a queue, handling exceptions by wrapping them in a custom exception type.
5972	This code defines a worker function that processes items from a queue, handles exceptions, and manages the pool of workers.
5973	This method adds work items to a queue while managing running work items and ensuring that work items are processed in the correct order.
5974	Ensures the executor is running by adjusting the process count and starting the queue management thread.
5975	Wraps non-picklable objects in CloudpickledObjectWrapper.
5976	Starts a server process, waits for its address, registers a finalizer, and sets the state to started.
5977	This function attempts to duplicate a file descriptor for use in a new process, handling different Python versions and environments.
5978	This function creates a reusable executor with specified parameters, handling context, timeout, job reducers, result reducers, initializer, and initargs. It uses a lock to ensure thread safety and handles different scenarios such as reuse, context, and executor state.
5979	Issue a warning and wait for job completion before resizing executor.
5980	This function prepares data for a subprocess, including logging settings, system paths, and process-specific details.
5981	This function configures the current process based on the provided data dictionary.
5982	This code snippet retrieves all open file descriptors for the current process, excluding those specified in `keep_fds`, and closes them.
5983	Kills a process recursively, handling platform-specific issues.
5984	This function recursively terminates a process and its children on Windows, using `taskkill` and `pgrep`.
5985	This function retrieves the exit codes of terminated workers from a dictionary of processes, handling cases where no exit codes are immediately available by waiting for a specified patience period.
5986	Convert a list of exit codes to a formatted string.
5987	This Python function manages a semaphore tracker for a file descriptor, handling registration, unregistration, and cleanup of semaphores.
5988	This method ensures the semaphore tracker is running by checking its status and restarting it if necessary.
5989	Processes an event with debugging output.
5990	Summarize the code method in one line: This method runs a Python program, displays its execution status, and provides details about the current program's execution context.
5991	Interacts with the Python interpreter interactively.
5992	Convert string to list of arguments.
5993	This function retrieves a stack trace from a given frame, excluding frames that match a specified condition.
5994	Runs hooks on an object with arguments.
5995	Clears the stack, resets indices, and resets thread names.
5996	Convert string to integer safely.
5997	This method checks if an argument is an integer within specified bounds and returns the integer if valid, otherwise returns a default value.
5998	This method processes commands, setting up, and handling exceptions, including handling EOF errors and leaving the loop based on conditions.
5999	This method reads a source file, appends it to a command queue if readable, or handles errors accordingly.
6000	Identifies the next non-blank position and the character at that position.
6001	Logs an error message with optional prefix and location.
6002	Reads a command from the input and logs it.
6003	Closes input and output streams, sets state to 'disconnected'.
6004	Disassembles a Python bytecode object into a human-readable format.
6005	Disassembles bytes into a human-readable format.
6006	Counts the number of frames in a stack trace.
6007	Identifies the function name from a given frame object.
6008	Prints a stack trace of a given procedure object, optionally limiting the number of entries and specifying the color and options.
6009	Search for a subcommand by prefix in a dictionary of subcommands.
6010	Summarizes the `short_help` method in a concise manner.
6011	Adds a subcommand to the command list and associates it with a callback.
6012	Runs a command based on the subcommand name and argument.
6013	Debugs a Python program with optional options, starting and stopping at specific points, and handling post-mortem debugging.
6014	Summarize the method to display category commands and list of commands.
6015	This method processes command-line arguments, retrieves line information, and logs the line number and file name.
6016	Identifies the frame with a tracer function and returns the previous frame if found.
6017	Convert thread names to IDs using a dictionary comprehension.
6018	This function attempts to convert a string argument to an integer, handling syntax errors, name errors, and value errors. If the conversion is successful, it returns the integer; otherwise, it raises a ValueError with an appropriate error message.
6019	Convert string to boolean.
6020	Sets the debugger settings based on the provided arguments.
6021	Sets the value of an object's setting based on a string argument, handling errors and setting default values.
6022	Runs a show command on an object with an optional parameter.
6023	Runs a show_int method on an object with an optional parameter.
6024	Runs a show value method on an object with a given name, logging the result.
6025	Checks if the line is a definition statement and contains a 'LOAD_CONST' opcode.
6026	Determines if a line is a class definition based on the line and frame information.
6027	Thread all other threads except the current one, then raise a debugger quit exception.
6028	Determines if the terminal is an xterm-like terminal.
6029	Determine if a given RGB color is dark based on a predefined midpoint.
6030	Extracts function name, filename, and first line number from a frame object.
6031	Generates a list of formatted display expressions based on the list of items in the object.
6032	This method iterates over a list of display objects, checking if their signature matches the given frame signature and if they are enabled. If both conditions are met, it appends the display's string representation to a list.
6033	Formats the object's state into a string.
6034	Reads a message from the input buffer, decodes it, and returns the decoded string.
6035	Debugs the current Celery application using the `RemoteCeleryTrepan` class.
6036	Defines an error message for an undefined subcommand.
6037	The method `run` processes command-line arguments to set a debugged frame based on the provided position and thread information.
6038	This function checks if the input is a list and iterates through its elements to ensure they are either boolean, float, integer, or bytes. If any element is not one of these types, it returns False. If all elements are of the correct type, it uses the `columnize` function to format the list as a string and returns True.
6039	This function searches for a signal name in the `signal` module based on its numerical value.
6040	This function checks if a signal name starts with "SIG" and returns the corresponding signal object from the `signal` module if it exists. If not, it prepends "SIG" to the name and checks again. If the signal still does not exist, it returns `None`.
6041	This function checks if a given name number is a valid signal name, converting it to uppercase if necessary.
6042	Sets a signal replacement handler.
6043	Iterates over keys in `self.sigs`, checks and adjusts each signal handler, breaks if adjustment fails.
6044	The method `info_signal` processes a list of arguments to display information about signal handlers in a debugger. It checks if the list is empty and returns `None` if true. If the list contains exactly one argument, it prints all signal handlers. If the list contains two arguments, it checks if the second argument is a valid signal name or number, and if so, prints the corresponding signal handler entry.
6045	The method `action` processes a signal argument, handling various actions based on the signal name and attributes provided.
6046	Handles setting the print method for a signal based on a boolean flag.
6047	Handles a signal by printing stack trace and stopping the program.
6048	Convert file name to module name by removing the extension.
6049	Searches for a file in a list of directories, handling special cases for `$cwd` and `$cdir`.
6050	Search for the script in the specified directories or the system's PATH.
6051	This function returns a list of Python file names from a specified directory, excluding '__init__.py'.
6052	Writes message to output stream.
6053	The method `run` processes a process event, displaying details about the process's state, including its status, event type, and any relevant values or exceptions.
6054	Summarize the `columnize_commands` method in one line.
6055	This function handles post-mortem debugging by retrieving and processing the traceback information from the given exception, setting the debugger's core execution status, and then restarting the program with the original arguments.
6056	Closes the input and connection, sets state to 'disconnected'.
6057	Sends a message over a TCP connection, waiting for connection if necessary.
6058	This function completes identifiers based on the current frame's globals and locals, handling attribute chains and simple names.
6059	Prints a blank line, appends a string to the command queue, processes the command, and returns.
6060	Adds frames or functions to the ignore filter.
6061	This method checks if a filename is canonical, either by looking it up in a cache or by resolving it based on the current working directory and the main directory name. It handles relative paths and absolute paths, and ensures that the file exists before returning the canonical path.
6062	This method checks if a filename is provided, otherwise it returns the main Python file name if debugging is enabled, or None if neither is provided.
6063	Checks if the tracer is started and not suspended, and if there is a hook dispatch.
6064	This method checks if a frame should stop based on various conditions such as thread switching, "next" and "finish" stopping, different line, stack depth, and stepping.
6065	Sets the next frame and step events for the object.
6066	Print stack trace entries based on filter settings.
6067	The method processes command-line arguments to display information about files in the debugger cache, including their canonic names, line counts, SHA1 hashes, and possible breakpoint line numbers.
6068	This function checks if a breakpoint is set at a specific function name or line number.
6069	Deletes a breakpoint from the list based on its number and filename/line combination.
6070	Deletes a breakpoint by number.
6071	Enables or disables all breakpoints in the code.
6072	Enables or disables a breakpoint by number.
6073	Deletes breakpoints by line number.
6074	Opens a file or a string for reading.
6075	Reads a line from the input, raises EOFError if no line is read, and returns the line with newline removed.
6076	This method prompts the user for confirmation, handling both 'y' and 'n' responses, and returns the default value if the input is invalid.
6077	Adds a space token to the token list and advances the position by the length of the input string.
6078	Adds a number token to the parser's token list.
6079	This method creates a new future that wraps an old-style future from a thread pool executor, allowing it to be awaited in an asyncio environment.
6080	Restores original login session by signing out and then logging in with the user's original credentials.
6081	This function loads a module and retrieves a function from it.
6082	Iterate over documents from a client, handling progress and optional expansion of fields.
6083	This function parses command-line arguments, connects to a Luminoso API, and downloads documents from a specified project.
6084	Transcodes JSON or CSV files to a stream.
6085	This function determines the file format of a given filename and returns the appropriate stream for reading the data.
6086	Normalizes date fields in a stream using a specified format.
6087	Converts a date string to a Unix timestamp if the format is not 'epoch', otherwise returns the float value of the date string.
6088	Detects file encoding by reading a sample of the file.
6089	This function reads a file line by line, decodes bytes to UTF-8, and yields JSON objects.
6090	Transcodes a file from a specified encoding to UTF-8.
6091	This function opens a CSV file, detects its encoding, and processes it based on whether it's UTF-16 or not. It then reads the header and converts all cell values to lowercase and strips whitespace.
6092	This function reads a CSV file, normalizes text, and filters out specific fields based on their values.
6093	Translates CSV, JSON, or JSON stream to a JSON stream or verifies a JSON stream.
6094	Connects to a Luminoso API with a given URL and token.
6095	Saves a token to a file with optional domain and directory.
6096	This method handles HTTP requests, processes errors, and raises appropriate exceptions based on the HTTP status code.
6097	Deletes a resource at the specified path with optional parameters.
6098	This method waits for a build to complete, handling errors and logging progress.
6099	This function parses a URL, checks if it's complete, and returns the root URL for API requests.
6100	This method saves a token to a file, creating it if it doesn't exist, and handles both long-lived and short-lived tokens.
6101	This method sends a JSON request to a specified URL, parses the response, and returns the result. If the response is not in JSON format, it logs an error and raises an exception. If the response contains an error, it raises an API error.
6102	This method sends a POST request to a specified URL with JSON data and headers.
6103	Changes the path by prepending the root URL if it starts with a slash.
6104	This method retrieves the default account ID from a client session, handling cases where no default account is found or where multiple valid accounts exist.
6105	Creates a new client instance and retrieves the root URL.
6106	This method waits for a job to complete by polling its status every 5 seconds until it stops or succeeds.
6107	This method retrieves raw data from a specified URL using the `get` method of the class, handling URL path normalization and parameters.
6108	Prints a CSV formatted list of dictionaries.
6109	This function reads parameters from a file, JSON body, and command-line arguments, updating a dictionary with the parsed values.
6110	Transforms a document dictionary by adding missing fields and returns a simplified version.
6111	This function creates a project with documentation and uploads documents to it, handling progress bars and server status checks.
6112	Uploads documents to a project using a client.
6113	This Python script processes JSON lines files, uploads documents to a Luminoso API, and optionally saves the API token for future use.
6114	Uploads a stream to a Luminoso project, handling project creation, batch processing, and document recalculation.
6115	Upload file to server with specified parameters.
6116	This Python script processes command-line arguments to upload files to a project using an API, handling various options like appending, staging, and specifying date formats.
6117	This method logs in a user using the provided credentials and returns the token if successful.
6118	Logs in to the website using a session and updates the user agent header.
6119	Submits login form, raises errors if login fails.
6120	This method fetches data from an API, handling errors and decoding JSON responses.
6121	Fetches data for different time periods.
6122	The method `prepare` loads a view class from a dotted view name and sets initial properties for it.
6123	Initializes the view with the current company and request, setting the handler and request properties.
6124	`Render view for get request, cache for websocket if self.is_websocket()`
6125	Handles message changes by decoding, extracting owner ID, finding node, triggering event or update based on type.
6126	Updates menus based on page links.
6127	Generates a list of URL handlers for a web application, including static files and page-specific handlers.
6128	Handles incoming JSON messages, updates nodes based on event types, and logs debug information.
6129	Logs a debug message with the change details and writes the change value as a JSON string.
6130	Creates a widget element within a parent widget.
6131	Initializes a widget with attributes from a declaration, setting various properties based on the declaration's metadata.
6132	Removes a widget from its parent and deletes the declaration from the cache.
6133	Inserts child widget into the correct position in the children list.
6134	Removes a child widget from the component's list and updates the widget list.
6135	Iterates over child widgets, yielding only those that have a widget attribute.
6136	Sets the attribute of the widget to the given value.
6137	Updates proxy attribute based on change type and value.
6138	Notify modified change in HTML object.
6139	Extracts XPath declarations from a list of nodes.
6140	Sets attributes from keyword arguments, initializes if not initialized, activates proxy if not active.
6141	Initializes the widget with a source if available, otherwise calls the superclass method.
6142	Sets the source HTML and updates the widget.
6143	This method updates the block's children and refreshes items based on a change event.
6144	This method updates the block's children and refreshes the items based on a change.
6145	This method updates the children of a block based on a change event, destroying or setting parent relationships as necessary.
6146	Read file content from given path components.
6147	Print error message and exit with specified exit code.
6148	Prints an error message to stderr and exits with a specific error code.
6149	Returns the product with the specified name from the inventory.
6150	Updates session headers and returns response from '/Home/SessionExpire' endpoint.
6151	Resets the store by making a GET request to '/Store/Reset', updating the session headers with the XSRF-TOKEN cookie, and returning the response.
6152	This method retrieves stores based on a search term and returns a list of `Stores` objects.
6153	Sets the delivery system with the specified store, postcode, and fulfillment method.
6154	This method retrieves a menu from a store using the provided parameters and returns a `Menu` object.
6155	Adds an item to the basket with optional variant and quantity.
6156	Adds a pizza to the basket with specified item, variant, quantity, and ingredients.
6157	Adds an item to the basket with optional quantity and additional parameters.
6158	Removes an item from the basket.
6159	Sets payment method for the user.
6160	Processes a payment by submitting a POST request with parameters including the verification token and method.
6161	`__get` method calls `self.__call_api` with `self.session.get` and `path` as arguments.
6162	`__post` method sends a POST request using the session.
6163	This method sends an HTTP request to a specified URL using the provided verb and arguments, and raises an error if the response status code is not 200.
6164	Appends an item to the menu and adjusts the screen size if necessary.
6165	Adds the exit item to the list if it's not already present.
6166	Draws a menu on the screen with options and titles.
6167	Processes user input to navigate through items in a list.
6168	Selects an item, sets up, performs action, cleans up, and returns the result.
6169	This function parses an old menu structure into a CursesMenu object, handling different types of menu items such as commands, functions, exits, numbers, and submenus.
6170	This function calculates the top `limit` values of a specified column `value` in a DataFrame `df`, optionally grouped by one or more columns `group`. The results are sorted in ascending order if `order` is 'asc', otherwise in descending order.
6171	This function groups data by specified columns, aggregates values, and then merges the result back with the original data.
6172	Converts a specified column in a DataFrame to datetime format using a given format.
6173	Convert datetime column to string using specified format.
6174	Convert a date column to a new format with specified input and output formats, optionally converting to a new time zone.
6175	Transforms a column in a DataFrame to a specified data type.
6176	This function ranks values in a DataFrame based on specified columns, optionally grouping by other columns, and returns the DataFrame with the ranks.
6177	This function takes a DataFrame, date, value, start, end, upperGroup, and optional insideGroup, filters the DataFrame, and returns a new DataFrame with aggregated values and order.
6178	This function takes a DataFrame, a new column name, two column names, and an operation string, performs the specified operation on the two columns, and returns the modified DataFrame.
6179	Rounds values in a DataFrame column to a specified number of decimal places.
6180	Transforms a column's values to their absolute values.
6181	Transforms a DataFrame by pivoting it based on specified index, column, and value, applying an aggregation function, and resetting the index.
6182	This function pivots a DataFrame by grouping it based on specified columns and values, creating new columns for each group.
6183	Flattens multi-indexed columns in a DataFrame after grouping by specified columns and aggregating.
6184	This function computes the cumulative sum of a specified column in a DataFrame grouped by multiple indices and date columns.
6185	This function adds a missing row to a DataFrame based on specified columns and methods.
6186	Decorator that logs exceptions in a logger.
6187	Decorates a function to log its name and message.
6188	Decorator that logs the execution time of a function.
6189	Decorates a function to log the shapes of its input and output dataframes.
6190	This function renames columns and values in a DataFrame based on provided dictionaries.
6191	This function computes cumulative sums for specified columns in a DataFrame grouped by specified columns.
6192	Combines columns in a DataFrame based on combinations of specified columns and aggregates them using a given function.
6193	Extracts a parameter value from a function call based on its name.
6194	Removes old entries from a cache directory based on a limit.
6195	This function takes a DataFrame, groups it by specified variables, aggregates the values, and then melts the resulting DataFrame into a long format.
6196	This function finds the maximum value in a specified column of a DataFrame and returns a new DataFrame containing only the rows with that maximum value, optionally grouped by specified columns.
6197	This function finds the minimum value in a specified column of a DataFrame and returns a new DataFrame containing only the rows with that minimum value, optionally grouped by specified columns.
6198	Fills missing values in a DataFrame based on specified columns and values.
6199	This function adds a specified number of hours to a given date object, handling both positive and negative offsets.
6200	Adds `nb_months` to a given `dateobj`, adjusting for leap years and months.
6201	Adds `nb_years` to the year of a given date object and returns the new date.
6202	This function parses a date string according to a specified format, handling optional time offsets.
6203	Filters a DataFrame based on a specified date range or a specific date.
6204	Calculates percentage of values in a column, optionally grouped by specified columns.
6205	This function updates parameters using the AdaDelta or ADAGRAD method, with options for regularization and learning rate.
6206	Updates parameters based on gradients using an optimization algorithm.
6207	Freezes parameters if fixed_parameters are specified. Returns non-fixed parameters.
6208	Updates are computed and added to the network's free parameters.
6209	This method computes the first glimpse of a sensor using a convolutional layer, flattens the output, and then applies a linear transformation to the flattened image. If the `disable_reinforce` flag is set, it directly returns the linear transformation result. Otherwise, it samples a Gaussian distribution and computes the log probability of the sampled distribution. Finally, it computes the gradient of the log probability with respect to the weight matrix `W_f` and returns the sampled linear transformation result and the gradient.
6210	Initialize model components and inputs.
6211	Computes the final cost of the model by combining auto-encoder and classification costs.
6212	Applies a function to each element of the training, validation, and test sets.
6213	Vectorizes the training, validation, and test sets based on the specified size.
6214	Logs the number of train, valid, and test sets.
6215	Trains a model on a dataset, evaluating and testing periodically.
6216	This method takes an input, computes a target, appends it to the input, and repeats this process for a specified number of steps.
6217	Computes alignment weights using a neural network model.
6218	Computes context vector from previous state, inputs, and precomputed values.
6219	Combines multiple `NeuralVariable` objects along a specified axis.
6220	Pads datasets with specified side and length.
6221	This function implements the RMSprop optimization algorithm for updating parameters in a neural network.
6222	Print time difference in minutes.
6223	Runs the computation and extracts costs from the output variables.
6224	This method updates a counter, calculates averages, and reports the best performance.
6225	Build loop variables for a neural network using Theano and deepy libraries.
6226	This method initializes a neural network loop by cloning tensors from a given set of variables and creating new neural variables with these tensors.
6227	Updates and free parameters are computed for each parameter in the given gradients using momentum and learning rate.
6228	`iftrain` method returns `ifelse` with training flag, then branch, else branch, and name.
6229	Skips `n_batches` and `n_epochs` of training.
6230	Resumes training progress if training has been interrupted.
6231	This method trains a neural network, yielding cost updates and optionally testing or validating at specified intervals.
6232	Runs the training process for a specified number of epochs, recording costs and reporting them periodically.
6233	This method runs a validation step, updates the best cost and parameters if necessary, and saves the checkpoint if the validation cost is better than the previous best. It also reports the validation results and checks if the validation has reached the patience threshold.
6234	Logs the training progress with current epoch, score map, and new best status.
6235	Returns the appropriate dataset based on the provided split type.
6236	Applies a function to the tensor and returns a new tensor with the specified output dimension.
6237	Logs accessed parameters and their status.
6238	`var` computes the variance of a tensor.
6239	Creates a list of `NeuralVariable` objects from a dataset split.
6240	Convert input value to numpy array with specified dtype and return as theano shared variable.
6241	Extends the stack with the given layers.
6242	Extends decoding layers with provided layers.
6243	Encodes input using a neural network.
6244	Decodes input using a neural network initialized with the representation dimension.
6245	Creates a 2D Gaussian kernel with given dimensions and standard deviation.
6246	Registers a layer to the model, updating parameters and callbacks.
6247	Appends mean of hidden layer outputs to training monitors.
6248	Returns a list of all parameters including free parameters.
6249	Sets up input variables based on the input tensor type.
6250	Computes and returns the result of a computation based on input parameters.
6251	Saves parameters to a file in a new thread if specified, otherwise saves them directly.
6252	Loads parameters from a file, handling gzip and npz formats, and sets them on target objects.
6253	Logs network inputs, targets, parameters, and parameter count.
6254	Registers parameters by summing their product of shapes and extending the list of parameters.
6255	Registers updates with a dictionary, adding new keys and nodes.
6256	Registers training updates with a dictionary.
6257	Registers monitors with a factor of 1.0 to avoid CudaNdarray and appends them to training and testing monitors.
6258	Calculate the L2 norm of a list of tensors.
6259	Writes pickled element to file with a blank line separator.
6260	This function reads lines from a file, unpickles them, and yields them.
6261	Compiles a model from a file and loads its parameters.
6262	This method creates OAuth 2.0 request elements based on the provided request type and credentials.
6263	Decodes a state string from a URL-safe base64 encoded string, returning the specified parameter or the original state if no parameter is provided.
6264	Convert Facebook's "expires" to "expires_in" and set token type to 'Bearer'.
6265	Filters request elements for access token requests.
6266	Logs user in, updates user info, renders login template, returns response.
6267	Normalizes dictionary values by converting single-element lists to their first element.
6268	Convert a list of key-value pairs into a dictionary, normalize the keys, and return the result.
6269	This function attempts to parse a JSON, XML, or query string from the given body, returning the parsed data or `None` if parsing fails.
6270	Resolves a provider class by importing it from a specified package or class name.
6271	This method creates a cookie string based on the provided data and options.
6272	Saves a cookie if data exists, raises an error if cookie size exceeds 4093 bytes, and resets data.
6273	This method retrieves cookies from an adapter, deserializes them, and returns them as a dictionary. If no cookies are found, it returns an empty dictionary.
6274	This method initializes `_data` if it's not already set, retrieves data from a source if `_data` is `None`, and returns a dictionary.
6275	Generates a SHA-1 HMAC signature from a secret and a list of parts.
6276	Serializes, encodes, and concatenates data with a timestamp and signature.
6277	Checks if the expiration time is greater than the current time.
6278	Checks if the object's expiration time is within the specified number of seconds from now.
6279	Serializes credentials by converting them to a string format.
6280	Checks if a string is binary.
6281	Read HTTP response content and decode if necessary.
6282	This method creates request elements for OAuth1.0 API requests based on the provided request type and credentials.
6283	Access user information, set email if primary, return response.
6284	This code defines a decorator `login` that wraps another function `f` and adds authentication logic to it. It sets default session and session saver settings and calls the original `login` method with the provided arguments.
6285	This method handles user login by checking parameters, creating a login URL, and redirecting the user to it. If the user is authenticated, it retrieves the current user, creates a user object, and logs the authentication process. If authentication fails, it raises a failure error.
6286	Generates a session key by combining prefix, name, and key.
6287	Sets a value in the session dictionary using the provided key.
6288	Generates a random portion of a hashed string using a secret and a salt.
6289	Logs a message with a specified level and optional keyword arguments.
6290	Checks if a HTTP status falls within a specified category.
6291	Splits a URL into its components and returns the base URL and query parameters.
6292	This function wraps a Sanic application with CORS middleware, allowing cross-origin requests.
6293	Sets CORS headers for a response based on the provided options and request headers.
6294	Convert app config to dict, filter out None values, and lowercase keys.
6295	Converts an object to a string, handling lists and iterables by sorting them and joining their elements.
6296	Convert non-iterable to list.
6297	`isclose` function checks if two numbers are close to each other within a specified tolerance.
6298	Decorator to mark a function as deprecated.
6299	Deserializes a binary string into an audio segment.
6300	Converts a file to an audio segment.
6301	Interleave audio across channels and collapse if dtype is not 8, 16, or 32 bits.
6302	This method executes a Sox command, handles temporary files, and returns an AudioSegment object.
6303	Filters silence from an audio segment using SoX and returns a copy of the filtered segment.
6304	This method computes the Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) of an audio segment, handling various parameters such as start and duration, sample rate, and zero-padding.
6305	Generates frames from raw data with specified duration and zero padding.
6306	The method normalizes the SPL of an AudioSegment by finding the RMS of the audio data and adjusting the volume until it matches the desired RMS.
6307	Combines audio segments from a list of other segments into a single audio segment.
6308	Resamples audio file with specified sample rate, width, and channels using Sox.
6309	Serializes the object's state into a pickle string.
6310	This method calculates the spectrogram of an audio segment using Scipy's `spectrogram` function, taking parameters such as start and duration, window length, and overlap. It raises errors if multiple start or duration parameters are specified, and it checks the validity of the number of samples.
6311	Selects the front ID with the least overlap between candidate front IDs and corresponding onset offsets.
6312	Identifies the best offset front ID based on sample index proximity to an onset sample index.
6313	This function calculates the offset front ID after a given onset front ID by finding the latest onset sample index and then determining the offset front ID based on the latest onset sample index and the offset front IDs.
6314	This function finds the offset front that matches a given onset front by identifying the offsets that correspond to the onsets in the onset front and then selecting the offset front that contains the most of these offsets.
6315	This function finds overlapping portions of two sets of front indices, returning the first overlapping portion found.
6316	This function updates a segmentation mask based on the overlap and consecutive fronts of onset and offset fronts. It identifies overlapping portions, updates the mask accordingly, and removes the overlapping fronts from the segmentation mask.
6317	Returns the front ID from the given index.
6318	Iterates through each row in `onset_fronts`, yields unique IDs not already yielded, and adds them to `yielded_so_far`.
6319	This function takes four lists as input and returns a list of tuples, each containing the corresponding offsets for a given onset index.
6320	Removes overlapping segments from a segmentation mask based on given fronts.
6321	Removes fronts with size less than `size` from a list of fronts.
6322	This function identifies and breaks fronts in a dataset based on signal similarity, updating the dataset with the new front IDs.
6323	Merges adjacent segments in a mask based on unique IDs.
6324	This function separates masks in a multi-threaded manner using the `multiprocessing` module.
6325	Downsamples the input stft by the factor of the smaller dimension of the mask.
6326	Convert masks to binary, multiply with STFTs, convert to appropriate data type, and put into queue.
6327	Filters a signal using a bandpass filter.
6328	Filters a signal using a low-pass Butterworth filter.
6329	Convert data to TF input matrix and one-hot encoded outcomes.
6330	Expands and standardizes a dataset by creating binary columns for categorical features, standardizing continuous features, and updating headers accordingly.
6331	Checks if two lists are equal ignoring the order of elements.
6332	This function groups audit features based on their similarity and measures their scores using a given measurer.
6333	Loads and processes audit confusion matrices from a file, skipping the first line, extracting repair levels and confusion matrices, and sorting them.
6334	Convert data to TF input matrix and outcomes.
6335	Updates pip configuration locations and sets the API URL based on environment variables or configuration files.
6336	Detects and appends valid requirements files to the filenames list.
6337	Resolves streams with a specified wait time.
6338	Resolves by property and returns a list of StreamInfo objects.
6339	Resolves streams by predicate, returning a list of StreamInfo objects.
6340	Handles error codes by converting them to their integer values, raising specific exceptions based on the error code, and handling other errors by raising a general `RuntimeError`.
6341	Pushes sample data to the object with specified type, timestamp, and pushthrough flag.
6342	This method pushes a chunk of data to a channel, handling different data types and formats.
6343	Summarizes the `info` method in a concise manner.
6344	Opens a stream with a specified timeout.
6345	Corrects the time using the provided timeout value.
6346	Convert a child element name to an XML element using LSL.
6347	Returns the next sibling element of the current element, optionally filtering by name.
6348	Returns the previous sibling of the element with the specified name.
6349	Sets the name of the LSL object.
6350	Sets a value in a library using LSL (LifeScript) and returns a boolean indicating success.
6351	Appends a child element to the current element with the given name.
6352	Appends a child element with the given name to the current element.
6353	Appends a copy of an element to the current element.
6354	Appends a copy of the given element to the beginning of the XML element.
6355	Removes a child element from the current element.
6356	Convert LSL resolver results to StreamInfo objects.
6357	Prints a sorted list of tokens from a database, highlighting the total count.
6358	Prints the list of keys from the database, formatted with the number of elements.
6359	This function computes edge n-grams from a given token, considering a minimum and maximum length.
6360	Iterates over a pipe and applies a series of processors to it.
6361	This method creates an iterator that applies a function to each element of an iterable in parallel, returning the results in an unordered manner.
6362	Generates all possible variations of a word by performing inversions, substitutions, insertions, and deletions.
6363	It preprocesses a word, makes it fuzzy, and prints the result.
6364	Print tokens and their frequencies sorted by frequency in descending order.
6365	Extends results by adding tokens to bucket based on many-to-many relations.
6366	Print help for a command or list available commands.
6367	Prints Redis database information and key counts.
6368	```python
def do_DBKEY(self, key):
    type_ = DB.type(key).decode()
    if type_ == 'set':
        out = DB.smembers(key)
    elif type_ == 'string':
        out = DB.get(key)
    else:
        out = 'Unsupported type {}'.format(type_)
    print('type:',magenta(type_))
    print('value:',white(out))
```
6369	Prints geohash encoded from latitude and longitude.
6370	This method retrieves a document by ID, filters out house numbers, sorts them, and prints them in a formatted manner.
6371	The method `do_INDEX` retrieves a document by ID, checks if it exists, and then iterates over a list of fields to print details about each field if it exists in the document.
6372	Prints the top 20 results with their scores and IDs in blue and green, respectively.
6373	Summarize the `do_STRDISTANCE` method in one line.
6374	Sends a request and returns the response.
6375	This function maps a list of requests to a pool of workers, processes each request, and returns a list of responses or exceptions.
6376	This function takes an array, word width, start, and end indices, and updates a Bits object with the bits from the specified range of the array.
6377	Convert a heterogeneous array to a bit string.
6378	This method takes a slice object and a width, then returns a new slice object with updated start and stop values based on the provided width.
6379	This function recursively searches for files matching a given pattern within a specified directory.
6380	This function checks if all elements in an iterable are equal to a given value or another iterable.
6381	Generates a loop to iterate over a list of items, applying a function to each item and generating a counter signal.
6382	Extracts the last `howMany` bits from a signal and pads with zeros.
6383	Calculates the ceiling of the base-2 logarithm of a given number.
6384	Checks if a number is a power of 2.
6385	Adds a new case to the switch statement with the given value and statements.
6386	Adds a default statement to the current node.
6387	Registers interfaces in a VCD writer, handling both top-level objects and subunits.
6388	This method initializes a VCD writer, sets the date and timescale, registers interfaces and signals, and ends the VCD definitions.
6389	Logs a change in the VCD writer with the given parameters.
6390	Transforms a process into HDL code with indentation and name adjustments.
6391	This function generates a list of agent processes for a given unit, handling different interface directions and retrieving monitors or drivers accordingly.
6392	Returns the associated clock of the current unit or its parent, or the parent's associated clock if it is a unit.
6393	This function takes an iterable and a function as input, and yields only the unique elements from the iterable after applying the function to each element.
6394	This function groups items in a collection based on a given function and yields key-value pairs where the key is the result of the function applied to each item, and the value is a list of items that share the same key.
6395	Flattens nested iterables recursively up to a specified depth.
6396	Appends nested `IfContainer` conditions and their corresponding true branches to the `elIfs` list, and sets `ifFalse` to the `ifFalse` of the provided `IfContainer`.
6397	This code method removes unconnected signals from a netlist by iterating through each signal, checking its endpoints and drivers, and removing them if they are not connected or are part of an interface.
6398	Checks if a given procedure has a simple assignment statement.
6399	Merges two hardware processes if they are compatible.
6400	Reduces processes by merging similar structures to minimize the number of processes.
6401	Appends a write request to the list of requests.
6402	Serializes a unit or class to RTL code, handling serialization decisions, file creation, and output.
6403	Identifies output names from HdlStatement objects, returns the shortest unique name.
6404	This function takes a destination signal and a list of statements, processes each statement to remove drivers, and returns a list of statements with drivers removed and a list of separated statements.
6405	This method initializes a signal with a specified data type, default value, and clock synchronization.
6406	This method synthesizes a design by creating an entity, ports, signals, and components based on the provided parameters and target platform.
6407	This function recursively finds the maximum ID of a statement in a nested structure, handling different types of statements like `Assignment` and `WaitStm`.
6408	Finds the maximum statement ID in a process.
6409	Writes data to the interface's data field.
6410	Changes direction of interface based on master direction.
6411	This method initializes and loads interface declarations, setting attributes and directions based on external conditions.
6412	This method generates a list of signals for an interface, extending from a list of interfaces or a single signal, transforming data types as specified.
6413	Returns the physical name of the entity, or the full name with a separator replaced.
6414	Calculates the total bit length of all interfaces in the object.
6415	Returns sensitivity based on the operation type.
6416	This method evaluates an expression based on a given operator and simulator, handling operands and dependencies.
6417	Converts a bit string to a specified type.
6418	Convert a bit string to a structured data object.
6419	Calculates the number of words between two indices, considering word width.
6420	Groups words in a transaction based on their word index.
6421	Prints the interface hierarchy to a file.
6422	This function takes a transaction, a word width, and various parameters to generate frames from a template. It iterates over words in the transaction, grouping them by index, and yields frames of a specified length, possibly with padding.
6423	This method processes a list of parts, creating a new list of TransPart objects based on the word width and padding requirements. It yields the index and the list of TransPart objects for each complete word.
6424	This method packs data into a specific format based on the word width and field-to-value mapping.
6425	This method iterates over a list of signals and calls the `_clean_signal_meta` method on each one.
6426	This function identifies enclosed statements in a list of HDL statements, considering both outputs and enclosed statements.
6427	This method discovers sensitivity sequences for a given set of signals, updating a context with the discovered sensitivity.
6428	This method iterates over inputs and outputs, returning the context of the first signal found with context, or raises an error if no context is found.
6429	Updates signal drivers/endpoints, removes self from parent's statements, and connects signals to child statements.
6430	Extends inputs, outputs, and sensitivity, updates enclosed_for, and removes other from parent statements.
6431	Determines if two statement lists are mergable based on their branches.
6432	Merges statements based on their rank and condition tree.
6433	Merges two lists of HDL statements, skipping simple statements.
6434	This method processes a list of HDL statements, reducing them and merging them, and returns the updated list, rank decrease, and I/O change status.
6435	Updates `_is_completly_event_dependent` and calls `_on_parent_event_dependent` for each statement in the list.
6436	Sets the parent statement and updates the statement's endpoints and drivers.
6437	Registers statements with their parent and appends them to the target list.
6438	Destroys the object by removing it from the context, inputs, and outputs.
6439	This method initializes a register with a specified name, data type, default value, clock, and reset signal, and returns the register object.
6440	This method creates a new instance of a struct from a given name and data type, handling nested structs and default values.
6441	This method iterates over ports and interfaces, cleaning them.
6442	Iterates through nested fields, yielding flattened values.
6443	This function unpacks a structured data from a byte stream, handling padding and data width.
6444	Convert signedness of a value or data type.
6445	Adds sensitive processes to the appropriate lists based on their sensitivity type.
6446	This function evaluates conditions based on a simulator and a list of conditions, returning a tuple indicating whether all conditions are valid and whether the simulation is valid.
6447	Connects a source port to a destination port in a simulation unit, removing the original port from the destination unit's signals.
6448	Creates a function that updates a value based on a next value and an invalidate flag.
6449	This function updates an array element based on a new value and a list of indexes, handling invalidation and multiple indexes.
6450	Convert Python value to Bits object with specified width and signedness.
6451	Summarize the code method in one line: This method processes a hardware process by registering RAM write ports, FFs, latches, and multiplexers based on the statements and their dependencies.
6452	Converts a parameter to a hardware value.
6453	Sets the value of the parameter, asserting it's not read-only and not replaced.
6454	Convert an interface map to a struct.
6455	This method finalizes the resources by updating port counts and creating a new `ResourceRAM` object for each memory, then removes the `ResourceFF` if necessary.
6456	This method attempts to retrieve the index cascade from a driver, handling various exceptions and returning the appropriate result.
6457	Convert Python value to class instance.
6458	Converts a signal or value to a specified type using a custom casting function.
6459	Convert a value to a specified type using a custom function or method.
6460	Iterates over interfaces and parameters, adding new parameters to a set.
6461	This function connects packed data to a destination interface, excluding specified signals, and returns a list of connected signals.
6462	This function packs an interface's signals based on its direction and excludes certain interfaces.
6463	This method processes a ROM by creating a list of processes and signals, and then replacing the original index operator with a signal generated from the process.
6464	This method initializes a target platform, sets up signals, and synthesizes the context for a unit.
6465	Registers an interface in the implementation and loads it.
6466	`tryReduceAnd` takes a signal and a value, checks if the value is full-validated, and returns the signal if the value is equal to the signal's all-mask or zero.
6467	```python
def tryReduceXor(sig, val):
    if not val.vldMask:
        return val
    if val._isFullVld():
        v = val.val
        if v == sig._dtype.all_mask():
            return ~sig
        elif v == 0:
            return sig
```
6468	Returns a new `NameScope` instance with a base name and level set.
6469	Serializes an object based on its type and configuration.
6470	This method determines the appropriate HDL type function based on the input type and returns it.
6471	This method generates HDL code for conditional statements based on the given `IfContainer` object.
6472	This function checks if a condition is negated based on the presence of a NOT operator in the drivers list.
6473	Simulates bits with given width and signedness.
6474	This method retrieves a constant name based on a given value, caching the result for future use.
6475	This method checks if the destination signal matches the input signal and sets the parent statement to `None` if they match.
6476	Calculates the bit address for an array item based on the data type and bit address.
6477	This method iterates over the fields of a given HDL type, creating a new `TransTmpl` object for each field and appending it to the current object's children. It adjusts the bit address based on the field's type and padding status.
6478	This method loads data from a specified type (`dtype`) and updates the bit address (`bitAddr`) accordingly. It handles different types of HDL data structures such as `Bits`, `HStruct`, `HArray`, `HStream`, and `HUnion`.
6479	Calculates the width of an item in a data structure.
6480	This method recursively walks through a data structure, yielding tuples of bit addresses and corresponding objects, while applying a condition function to determine whether to enter or yield each object.
6481	Fixes the sign of a number by setting the most significant bit to 1 if the number is positive.
6482	Merges two `IfContainer` objects, updating the `cases` and `default` attributes.
6483	Returns a string of spaces based on the given indentation number.
6484	Checks if a property exists in an object and raises an error if it does.
6485	Registers a parameter with the current scope.
6486	Updates parameters from another object based on a prefix and an updater function, excluding specified parameters.
6487	Registers a unit with the parent and appends it to the list.
6488	Registers an interface with the current context.
6489	Registers an array of items with the given name and parent.
6490	Check if there is exactly one driver, raise an exception otherwise.
6491	This method iterates over operands, calls their `staticEval` method, and sets the result's value to the result of the evaluation function.
6492	This method creates a new `RtlSignal` object based on the given `opDef`, `operands`, and `resT`, and registers it with the `outputs` list.
6493	`withIndent` method increases indentation level by a specified amount.
6494	Connects source to destination if destination has drivers.
6495	Propagates clock signal to all units.
6496	Connects clock and reset signals to units.
6497	Connects clock and reset signals to units.
6498	Propagates reset signals to units.
6499	Propagates reset signals to units.
6500	Iterate over bits of a signal or value.
6501	Serializes an object excluding certain properties based on a declaration.
6502	Serializes an object based on its class name and parent unit, handling declaration and privacy settings.
6503	This method serializes parameters and checks if they are unique based on a given parent unit and previous entity.
6504	Extracts full name from an object hierarchy.
6505	Iterate over each object in the collection and call `_make_association` method with the provided arguments.
6506	This method prepares a simulation model for a given unit, optionally instantiating a hierarchy of units and connecting signals to the model.
6507	This function takes a unit and a target platform, compiles its RTL code, and returns the resulting simulation model.
6508	Reconnects signals from a synthesised unit or interface to a model class.
6509	Simulates a unit with VCD output.
6510	Registers write callbacks for the interface's inside and outside signals with the specified enable function.
6511	Connects a signal to a port based on its direction.
6512	Registers an intern signal for a port based on its direction.
6513	Connects endpoints or drivers based on direction.
6514	Returns the internal signature based on the direction.
6515	Checks if a process is dependent on a signal's falling or rising sensitivity procedures.
6516	Adds a process to the event queue with a specified priority.
6517	Adds a process to the sequence or combinatorial run list based on its dependencies.
6518	Schedule a comb update done event.
6519	Schedules apply values and run sequence processes based on conditions.
6520	Defines a method to resolve conflicts in a conflict resolution strategy.
6521	Runs comb processes, updates values, and handles conflicts.
6522	This method iterates over a sequence of processes, updating their outputs and managing a plan for future processes.
6523	This method iterates over a list of values to apply, updating signals based on the values, and scheduling further updates if necessary.
6524	Read the value from a signal, cloning it if necessary.
6525	Updates signal value based on input value and sensitive processes.
6526	Adds a process to the event queue with the current time and normal priority.
6527	Simulates a unit with given parameters and processes.
6528	Creates a function that applies a given function to each operand, optionally applying a key function before processing.
6529	Convert ternary operations to if statements.
6530	This method processes a hardware description language (HDL) process, generating VHDL code based on the process's statements and sensitivity list.
6531	Calculates the Hamming distance between two strings.
6532	Computes the average hash of an image.
6533	Calculates the distance between two image hashes.
6534	Sets up a Vizio platform in Home Assistant, validating the setup and handling errors.
6535	Updates device state, volume, input, and available inputs based on device power state.
6536	Mutes the device based on the mute parameter.
6537	Updates volume level by adding a fraction of the step to the current level and calling the device's volume up method with the step value.
6538	Reduces volume by a step, calling device's volume down method.
6539	Sets the volume level of the device.
6540	Resets the game state, initializes pieces, and sets up the game board.
6541	Returns a `Piece` object if a piece is at the given square, otherwise returns `None`.
6542	Removes a piece from a square and optionally adds it to the hand, updating the board and zobrist hash.
6543	Updates the board with a new piece at a specified square, handling piece removal and updating the board state.
6544	Determines if the move results in suicide or check by dropping a pawn.
6545	Determines if the current player was attacked by the opponent.
6546	Checks for stalemate or checkmate in a game.
6547	Checks if the current player is in checkmate.
6548	Checks if the position has been repeated four times.
6549	Restores game state after a move.
6550	Convert board state to FEN string.
6551	Pushes a move from USI format onto the board.
6552	Generates a unique hash for the current board state using the Zobrist hashing technique.
6553	Returns uppercase piece symbol based on color and piece type.
6554	Convert symbol to lowercase, find index in PIECE_SYMBOLS, return corresponding color.
6555	Convert piece type and square names to uppercase and concatenate with '+' if promotion.
6556	Convert USI string to chess object.
6557	This function parses commit data from a string using regular expressions and yields parsed commit objects.
6558	Convert commit data from parts into a dictionary.
6559	Monkey patches Django's command parser to add configuration arguments.
6560	Executes Django management command with configuration from command line.
6561	Adds an argument to an `argparse.ArgumentParser` based on a `GoodConf` object, including help text that includes environment variable and default file paths.
6562	Loads configuration from a file or environment variable, handling default files if none specified.
6563	This method generates a YAML string from a class's initial state, optionally including a docstring and comments based on the class's attributes.
6564	Generates markdown documentation for a class.
6565	Convert string to specified type using method.
6566	Generates a list of dates between two given dates.
6567	Convert date string to datetime object.
6568	Loads a file from a URL or local path, decodes it, and splits it into lines.
6569	This method iterates over a list of dates between the bounds of a given currency, setting any missing rates to `None`. It also prints the number of missing rates and their range if verbose mode is enabled.
6570	Fills missing rates for a given currency using forward and backward closest rates.
6571	This method calculates the exchange rate for a given currency and date, handling bounds and fallbacks as specified.
6572	Converts an amount from one currency to another using historical exchange rates.
6573	Generates a list of tuples by zipping together `n` iterators from `iterable`, filling missing values with `fillvalue`.
6574	Animates frames with a specified interval and name, updating the console output.
6575	Reads a record from a file at a specified position.
6576	Writes data at a specified position in a file.
6577	This method maps a file to memory, handling file operations and memory mapping.
6578	This method reads and decodes a DAF file's comment area, handling potential errors such as missing EOT byte or non-ASCII text.
6579	This method processes an array, updates summary records, and writes the array to a file.
6580	Closes the file and removes data from segments.
6581	Computes a position based on the given data.
6582	Closes the file and deletes data from segments if they have it.
6583	Loads binary PCK data, initializes epoch, interval length, and coefficients.
6584	This method computes the components and rates for a given time series data using Chebyshev polynomials.
6585	This method processes a logging statement in a code structure, appending violations to a list if certain conditions are met.
6586	Handles percent and string concatenation formatting in logging statements.
6587	Visits dictionary nodes, checks for whitelisted keys and values, and appends violations to the list.
6588	Logs formatted strings in the given node.
6589	Visits keywords, checks whitelist, and extra exceptions.
6590	Appends the name of the except handler to a list and removes it after visiting the node.
6591	Detects logging level based on function name or attribute.
6592	Returns the name of the node, or `None` if the node has no name.
6593	Convert value to id if it has no id but has a value.
6594	Checks if a node is a bare exception.
6595	Checks if the current logging level is not 'error' or 'exception', then iterates over keywords in the given node. If a keyword is 'exc_info', it appends a violation based on the current logging level to the violations list.
6596	Deletes the file associated with an instance if it exists in the database and the file field is not empty.
6597	This code snippet defines a method `db_file_widget` that modifies the behavior of a Django form widget to display a link to a file. It includes functions to unquote a URL, escape it, and retrieve template substitution values. The method also modifies the context to include a display link for file URLs.
6598	Generates rendered PDF content using specified templates and context.
6599	This method renders a PDF response from a template, handling filename and command options based on the response class.
6600	Converts a string to a JSON-escaped string.
6601	Configures MongoDB settings from a module or keyword arguments.
6602	Converts a string to underscore notation.
6603	Iterate over indices, ensure each index exists in the collection.
6604	This method reads a CSV file, parses each line into a `PriceModel`, and returns a list of these models.
6605	Reads a file and returns its content as a list of strings.
6606	Convert a string line into a PriceModel object by parsing symbol, value, and date.
6607	Translates an incoming symbol using a database mapping if available, otherwise returns the symbol unchanged.
6608	This method loads symbol maps from a repository and stores them in a dictionary.
6609	Returns the default session if it doesn't exist.
6610	Adds a price to the database.
6611	Imports a CSV file and converts the currency to uppercase.
6612	Summarize the code method in one line.
6613	Summarize the code method in one line: "Fetches and prints the latest or specified prices from a database."
6614	Download prices for securities listed in the database.
6615	Removes old price entries based on a symbol.
6616	This function retrieves the default session from a configuration file, raising an error if the price database is not set.
6617	Saves a new symbol map to the database.
6618	Iterate over all `SymbolMap` objects in the database and print each one.
6619	Retrieves a SymbolMap by its symbol.
6620	Read lines from a file.
6621	Convert a `dal.Price` entity to a `PriceModel` object.
6622	Convert a `PriceModel` to a `Price` object, formatting date, symbol, and currency.
6623	Read configuration file from specified path.
6624	Returns the path to the configuration template file.
6625	Creates a user configuration file from a template.
6626	Returns the path to the configuration file.
6627	Read configuration file, dump into in-memory file, return content.
6628	Sets a configuration value for a given option in the configuration.
6629	Retrieves a configuration value based on the provided option.
6630	Saves configuration to a file.
6631	Splits a symbol into namespace and mnemonic, sets them, and returns them.
6632	Adds a price entity to the system.
6633	Updates or inserts a price entity in the database based on its namespace, symbol, date, and time.
6634	Downloads price and saves it.
6635	Returns the default session if it doesn't exist, otherwise returns the existing session.
6636	This method retrieves prices from a repository based on a date and currency, sorts them by symbol, and maps them to a list of `PriceModel` objects.
6637	Fetches the price for a given symbol on a specific date from the repository.
6638	This method iterates over all unique symbols in the repository, deletes each symbol using the `prune` method, and counts the number of deleted symbols.
6639	Prunes historical prices for a given security symbol.
6640	This method downloads a price for a given symbol using a specified agent and currency, and returns the price data entity.
6641	This method retrieves securities from a repository based on specified criteria and returns them as a list of `dal.Security` objects.
6642	`partial` method returns a new function that is a partial application of the original function with some of its arguments fixed.
6643	Updates child calls with partial values.
6644	Iterates over the tree structure, yielding nodes and their descendants.
6645	This Python decorator modifies a function to remove a child node named "root" from its parent before calling the original function.
6646	Checks if student and solution parts have equal lengths and reports a message if not.
6647	This function checks if two ASTs are equal, optionally with a custom message and append.
6648	Checks if the given text is present in the student code and provides a feedback message if not found.
6649	Checks if a package is imported in the student's code and raises an error if not.
6650	Checks if the student's output matches the given pattern and returns the state.
6651	Checks if a specific print statement is present in the solution code.
6652	Checks if there are errors in the state and reports them if found.
6653	This method checks if the `correct` argument is an integer, ensures the `student_process` is defined, retrieves the selected option from the process, validates the selected option and correct values, and updates the report and test accordingly.
6654	This function checks if a function call matches the solution's signature and reports any discrepancies.
6655	The function `getResultFromProcess` takes three parameters: `res`, `tempname`, and `process`. It checks if `res` is an instance of `UndefinedValue` or `Exception`. If not, it calls the `getRepresentation` function with `tempname` and `process` as arguments and returns the result along with `res`. If `res` is an instance of `UndefinedValue` or `Exception`, it returns `res` and a string representation of `res`.
6656	Transforms a solution into an AST, replacing the old AST with the new one.
6657	Checks if an instance is part of the solution process.
6658	Returns a list of key-value pairs from the dictionary, excluding the `EMPTY` value.
6659	This method creates a child object based on the current state and parameters, updating the child's context and environment based on the provided keyword arguments.
6660	This method caches the result of parsing a tree using a parser, setting up mappings if necessary, and then returns the value of a specified attribute from the parsed tree.
6661	Checks for a context loop in a given state, using a specific message and exact names.
6662	Checks if the context part of a state has the correct names.
6663	This function checks if a part is defined, appends a message if not, and asserts the AST of a solution part against a student part.
6664	This function checks if a part exists at a given index in a state, renders a message if the part is missing, and returns a child state from the part.
6665	This function checks arguments for a given state, name, and optional missing message. It handles both positional and keyword arguments, providing a clear error message if the argument is missing.
6666	This function checks if a call is valid by comparing student and solution parts and appending a message with the expanded call string.
6667	Calculates the true anomaly for a given set of parameters.
6668	Initializes the application with LDAP3 login manager, removes servers from the pool, initializes configuration, and sets up teardown functions.
6669	Initializes configuration settings for LDAP connection.
6670	Adds a server to the server pool.
6671	Removes a connection from the context if it exists.
6672	Cleans up LDAP connections and unbinds the main connection in the teardown method.
6673	This method authenticates a user by either directly binding with credentials or searching for the user's DN to bind with their password, depending on the configuration settings.
6674	This method authenticates a user against an LDAP server, retrieves user information, and optionally groups, handling exceptions and logging.
6675	This method authenticates a user against an LDAP server, searching for a user with the specified username and password. It handles multiple user results and groups if configured.
6676	This method retrieves user groups for a specific user from an LDAP server based on configuration settings.
6677	Retrieves user information from LDAP using specified DN and connection.
6678	This method retrieves user information from an LDAP server based on a given username.
6679	This method retrieves an object from an LDAP server based on a DN, filter, and attributes, and returns the object's DN.
6680	This method checks if a connection is already established and returns it if so, otherwise it creates a new connection using the provided configuration settings.
6681	Creates a connection with optional parameters.
6682	Opens a connection to an LDAP server with optional bind credentials and contextualization.
6683	Destroys a connection by logging, decontextualizing, and unbinding it.
6684	Searches for a query across all fields in the container.
6685	Searches for labels based on key and value, displaying details or counts of containers.
6686	Searches for items based on a query or lists all items.
6687	Searches for all successful jobs in a GitLab collection and generates URLs for artifact browsers.
6688	Print client and database info if not quiet.
6689	The method `announce` checks if a command is provided and if the bot is not in quiet mode, it speaks.
6690	Updates secrets and base settings based on environment variables.
6691	Updates headers based on provided fields.
6692	This method checks if the client has the necessary secrets and parameters, and exits if any checks fail.
6693	Downloads a file from a given URL with optional headers and progress display.
6694	This function downloads a file from a given URL using the `requests` library, handling authentication, progress tracking, and error handling.
6695	Updates headers with AWS ECR token.
6696	This method checks for a folder with the specified name in the Google Drive. If it doesn't exist, it creates it.
6697	Extracts JSON field from response or returns reason if not found.
6698	This method checks if the required attributes are present in the object, retrieves the bucket if it exists, or creates it if it doesn't.
6699	Updates secrets from client secrets if available, setting base if present.
6700	Initializes client with client ID and loads secrets.
6701	Loads secrets from cache.
6702	This method logs the content of logs based on a given name.
6703	This method lists all log files in a bucket and returns them as a list. If no log files are found, it logs a message.
6704	Creates a folder on a remote endpoint using the provided ID and folder name. If the folder already exists, it logs a message indicating that.
6705	Initializes a transfer client with a refresh token authorizer.
6706	Searches all containers, retrieves their URIs, and displays them in a table.
6707	Print backend status, count clients, check active client, update secrets if active.
6708	Adds a setting to a dictionary based on the backend and variable, handling force overrides and existing settings.
6709	Removes a setting from the backend's settings dictionary.
6710	Updates client secrets based on backend settings.
6711	Deletes a backend from settings and updates secrets if necessary.
6712	Updates the base image based on the provided image name.
6713	Convert username and password to base64 encoded string and return as authorization header.
6714	Generates a signature using HMAC with SHA256.
6715	Generates a header signature for a request using a secret, payload, and request type.
6716	Deletes a resource at the specified URL using the DELETE method.
6717	`head` method sends a HEAD request to the specified URL and returns the response.
6718	This method paginates a URL and returns the results in a list.
6719	Verifies SSL certificates based on a configuration setting.
6720	This method removes an image from a registry, prompting the user for confirmation if `force` is `False`.
6721	Reads a Python file, executes its contents in a dictionary, and returns the dictionary.
6722	This function generates a list of dependencies based on a lookup dictionary, handling both exact and minimum version requirements.
6723	This function retrieves the Singularity version from the environment or command line, handling potential errors gracefully.
6724	Checks if a software is installed and returns True if it is, otherwise returns False.
6725	Returns the absolute path of the directory containing the script.
6726	This function returns the path to the thumbnail image, either from a specified path or a default path if the specified path does not exist.
6727	Runs a command with optional sudo and returns the output and return code.
6728	This method retrieves metadata from a database or image file, handling specific types of data and returning the metadata dictionary.
6729	Retrieves user token, creates Dropbox client, verifies account validity.
6730	Summarize the code method to show output, log, and public URL if available.
6731	Kills specified services using the sregistry client.
6732	Logs from the specified container.
6733	Returns a list of container names from a database connection.
6734	This method initializes a Swift client connection based on the specified authentication type.
6735	Updates secrets from environment variable.
6736	This function initializes a client for accessing a registry based on the provided image and configuration.
6737	The method `ipython` initializes an IPython environment with a specified endpoint and command, then embeds the IPython shell.
6738	This method retrieves manifests for a given repository, handling schema versions 1, 2, and config.
6739	Obtains Docker manifest for a given repository and version.
6740	This method constructs a download cache path based on user input or default settings, ensuring the path includes a specified subfolder.
6741	Extracts and formats Docker container environment variables.
6742	Updates base, API, artifacts, and job settings based on GitLab settings.
6743	Updates the `token` and sets the `Private-Token` header in the `headers` dictionary.
6744	Returns a dictionary containing metadata about the artifacts, API base, base, and job.
6745	Retrieves settings for a specific client from a dictionary, returning the settings if the client name exists, otherwise returns all settings.
6746	This method checks if a setting is required and exits if it is not.
6747	Updates client secrets with the given name and value.
6748	Generates an authorization string for a registry request.
6749	Summarizes the code method to list Google Compute Engine instances.
6750	Retrieves templates based on a name, returns a list of responses.
6751	Retrieves IP address from Cloud Console if not found after retries.
6752	This method runs a build process, retrieves project and zone details, sends a custom message, logs the description, and then inserts an instance into a Google Compute Engine project. It also directs the user to a web portal and provides a message about the installation process.
6753	This method lists all containers in a bucket based on their metadata type.
6754	Search all containers in a bucket and return a list of their sizes and names.
6755	Summarize the code method in one line: "This function retrieves a client from the sregistry main module and lists files based on the provided query."
6756	The code defines a function `main` that takes command-line arguments, a parser, and a subparser as input. It processes a list of images, prints each image, and then refreshes a client based on the image and command arguments.
6757	Initializes a database connection and sets up the session.
6758	This function checks for a build template file in a specified directory and returns its contents if found, otherwise logs a warning.
6759	Searches for endpoints based on query or endpoint ID.
6760	This method lists all endpoints with their names and types.
6761	This method lists files at a specified endpoint with optional query filtering, highlighting container contenders with purple names.
6762	Creates a shared link for an image in Dropbox.
6763	Read client secrets from file or environment, initialize if not found.
6764	Initializes storage and compute services with default credentials.
6765	Deletes an object from a specified bucket.
6766	Deletes an object from a Google Cloud Storage bucket.
6767	Kills an instance by name.
6768	This function extracts subparsers from an argparse parser and returns a dictionary mapping choices to their corresponding subparsers.
6769	Generates a string with a descriptor, noun, and a sequence of numbers, separated by a delimiter.
6770	Creates a temporary directory with a specified prefix and optional creation.
6771	Extracts a tar archive to a specified folder, excluding 'dev' directory.
6772	Extracts a tar archive using the blob2oci script.
6773	Calculates the SHA-256 hash of a file.
6774	Reads a file and returns its content as a list of lines or a single string based on the `readlines` parameter.
6775	Reads a JSON file and returns its contents.
6776	This function cleans up files by checking if they exist and removing them if they do.
6777	Uploads an image to a specified S3 bucket with metadata.
6778	This method retrieves or creates a collection in a database using SQLAlchemy, adding it to the session and committing the changes.
6779	Retrieves a collection by name from the database.
6780	Retrieves a container from the database based on the provided parameters.
6781	This method fetches containers from a database based on a query and formats them into a table for display.
6782	Prints a JSON representation of a container's fields, excluding sensitive information.
6783	The method `rename` takes an image name and a path, retrieves the container, renames the image file, updates the URI, and commits the session.
6784	Copies an image from a container to a specified path.
6785	Removes an image from the Docker container.
6786	This method adds an image to a registry, handling various inputs and operations such as saving, copying, and updating the image metadata.
6787	This method handles the process of pushing an image to a registry, including authentication, metadata extraction, and file upload.
6788	Extracts the "from" header from a recipe string, optionally cleaning it up.
6789	This function checks if a recipe matches a given pattern and updates a manifest with the recipe if it's more recent.
6790	This function creates a build package from a list of files, ensuring they exist, generating a tar.gz archive, calculating a SHA256 hash, and renaming the file accordingly.
6791	This method builds a project, waits for the build to complete, and updates the blob metadata and visibility if the build is successful.
6792	Updates blob metadata with provided details.
6793	Converts a container name to lowercase, keeping alphanumeric characters and specified special characters.
6794	Checks if the streams are colorized based on user preference.
6795	Checks if the given level is one of the specified error levels.
6796	Writes a message to a stream, decoding it from bytes if necessary.
6797	This method generates a table from a dictionary of rows, aligning the labels to a specified column width.
6798	This method pushes a container image to a remote endpoint using Globus SDK, ensuring the image is available in the Singularity Registry.
6799	This function returns a template dictionary based on the input name, or logs a warning if the template is not found.
6800	This method retrieves an image manifest from AWS, handling exceptions and returning the manifest if found.
6801	This function reads a template file based on the provided name and manager, or returns a warning if the file does not exist.
6802	This method updates secrets, checks for settings, and handles credential caching.
6803	Generates a string representation of an object with arguments and keyword arguments.
6804	This function handles errors in an S3 bucket, raising specific exceptions based on the error code and HTTP status.
6805	Creates a temporary file and returns an instance of a class with the file as its argument.
6806	Generates a Gravatar URL for a user or email address.
6807	Generates a Gravatar URL based on an email address.
6808	Checks if a gravatar exists for a given email address.
6809	Constructs a Gravatar profile URL based on an email address.
6810	Generates a sequence of tuples representing Chimera blocks.
6811	This function computes the quotient graph of a given graph `G` and a list of blocks `blocks`. It identifies overlapping blocks and constructs the quotient graph by merging nodes based on their shared edges.
6812	Enumerates resonance structures of a given SMILES string and returns a dictionary of their SMILES representations.
6813	Enumerate resonance structures of a molecule with specified flags.
6814	Normalizes a molecule by fragmentizing it, normalizing each fragment, and then combining them back into a single molecule.
6815	Applies a series of transformations to a molecule, returning the first valid result or None if no valid result is found within 20 iterations.
6816	The method `canonicalize` takes a molecule `mol`, enumerates its tautomers, calculates scores for each tautomer based on aromatic rings, SMARTS patterns, and hydrogen counts, and returns the tautomer with the highest score.
6817	Validates SMILES string using a validator.
6818	Removes covalent bonds between atoms matching specified SMARTS patterns, adjusts charges accordingly.
6819	Standardizes a SMILES string by removing any invalid characters and converting it to a canonical SMILES string.
6820	Enumerate tautomers of a given SMILES string.
6821	Convert SMILES to canonical tautomer.
6822	Standardizes a molecule by removing hydrogen atoms, disconnecting metals, normalizing, reionizing, and assigning stereochemistry.
6823	This method standardizes and canonicalizes a molecule to find its tautomer.
6824	Fragment the largest fragment from a molecule after standardization.
6825	Standardizes and removes stereochemistry from a molecule.
6826	This method checks if an atom's isotope is set to 0 and replaces it with the common weight.
6827	This method charges a parent molecule, standardizes it, and then uncharges it.
6828	This method standardizes, charges, isotopes, stereochemistry, and tautomerizes a molecule, then returns the standardized molecule.
6829	This Python script defines a main function that sets up a command-line parser for a molecule processing tool. It includes subparsers for standardizing and validating molecules, with common options such as input and output files. The script also handles exceptions and prints help information if no arguments are provided.
6830	Removes matching fragments from a molecule based on FragmentPatterns.
6831	This method identifies the largest organic fragment from a molecule, considering various criteria such as atom count, weight, and molecular weight.
6832	This function integrates an initial value problem using a specified method, plotting the results, and saving them to a file if requested.
6833	This method retrieves GitHub statistics for a specified organization, writes them to CSV files, and handles rate limiting.
6834	This method iterates over a list of members, converts each member to JSON format, and stores it in a dictionary. It returns the total count of members processed.
6835	This method iterates over teams in an organization, converts each team to JSON format, and stores it in a dictionary. It returns the total number of teams processed.
6836	This method retrieves repositories from a GitHub organization, processes their details, and stores them in a dictionary.
6837	Calculates total contributors and appends their names and JSON representations to dictionaries.
6838	This method iterates over all pull requests in a repository, counts the number of open and closed pull requests, and returns the counts.
6839	This method retrieves issues from a GitHub repository, handling cases where there is no previous JSON file or only one file, and returns the count of closed issues.
6840	This method reads a repository's README, increments a total count if found, and handles search limits.
6841	This method checks if the search limit is reached, sleeps for 60 seconds if so, and then increments the search limit. It searches for code with the word "license" in the specified path of the repository and increments the total licenses count if a match is found. If no match is found, it returns 'MISS'.
6842	This method retrieves commits from a GitHub repository, handling cases where the repository has not been updated since the last run. It iterates through commits, appending them to a JSON file and counting the total number of commits.
6843	This method writes a JSON file for an organization's data, handling both single and list items.
6844	This method writes total repository, member, team, unique contributors, total contributors, forks, stargazers, pull requests, open issues, has readme, has license, pull requests open, pull requests closed, commits, row count, closed issues, and issues to a file.
6845	This method writes language data to a file, including date, language, count, size, and log of size.
6846	Creates a directory if it does not exist.
6847	This Python function removes rows from a CSV file that contain a specific date.
6848	Extracts U.S. government GitHub organizations from a JSON response.
6849	Creates a GitHub Enterprise session using the provided URL and token. If the connection fails, raises a RuntimeError with an error message.
6850	This function checks API limits, sleeps if necessary, and returns the current time.
6851	Connects to GitHub or an enterprise using a token.
6852	This function queries repositories from GitHub organizations or repositories specified by names, yielding each repository object.
6853	Retrieves organization details from GitHub.
6854	Writes a CSV file with star information sorted by lowercase.
6855	Convert GitLab repository to Code.gov project object.
6856	Convert a DOE code record into a project object.
6857	This function maps a license string to its corresponding GitHub API URL and name.
6858	This method retrieves traffic data for public repositories in an organization using the GitHub API.
6859	Fetches release information from a given URL and stores it in a dictionary.
6860	This method fetches referrer data from a URL, updates a dictionary with the count and unique referrers for a given repository, and handles cases where the repository name is not found.
6861	This method retrieves data from a specified URL, processes it based on the type (views or clones), and stores the results in a dictionary.
6862	This method writes a JSON file for each repository in a dictionary, with the file name formatted based on the organization, repository name, date, and path ending type.
6863	This method writes data to three files: `referrers_file_path`, `views_file_path`, and `clones_file_path`.
6864	This method checks for duplicate dates in a CSV file and counts the number of unique dates.
6865	This method writes data to a file in a specific format, including date, organization, name, unique name, and row count.
6866	This method writes referrer data to a file, including date, organization, referrer, count, count log, and unique counts, sorted by referrer name.
6867	Processes a JSON file, yields each record.
6868	This function fetches DOE CODE JSON data from a given URL and yields each record.
6869	Processes files or URLs based on input parameters.
6870	Logs in to GitHub using provided credentials and stores the token and user ID in a file.
6871	This method iterates over members of an organization, retrieves their email addresses, and stores them in a dictionary. If a member has a public email, it is stored; otherwise, 'none' is used. The method also stores the login names in lowercase for sorting purposes.
6872	Writes user and email data to a file sorted by login.
6873	Connects to a stashy session with provided URL, username, and password.
6874	Connects to GitLab using the provided URL and token, raising an error if the token is invalid.
6875	Iterates over repositories, yielding each one from the GitHub API.
6876	Calculates the number of lines of code (SLOC) in a Git repository.
6877	Calculates labor hours based on source code size and COCOMO II book.
6878	Prune dictionary keys with null or empty string values.
6879	Reads a GraphQL query file, caching it if it hasn't been modified, and returns the query string.
6880	This method reads a GraphQL query from a file and executes it with optional variables and verbosity.
6881	This method submits a GitHub GraphQL query, processes the response, and returns the status code, headers, and result.
6882	This method resets the system at a specified UTC timestamp and waits for the specified duration before proceeding.
6883	This method counts down from a specified time, printing a message at each second, and then waits for the specified time before completing.
6884	Imports data from a file, updates path if specified.
6885	Saves data to a file, creating it if it doesn't exist, and updates the file path if specified.
6886	Creates a TFS connection using the provided URL and token.
6887	Creates a TFS project analysis client using the provided URL and token.
6888	Creates a TFS client using the provided URL and token.
6889	Creates a TFS Git client using the provided URL and token.
6890	Creates a TFS TFVC client using the provided URL and token.
6891	Retrieves Git repositories for a specified project using a TFS Git client.
6892	Retrieves TFVC branches for a given project.
6893	This method retrieves year commit statistics for a GitHub organization, handling rate limiting and writing the results to a file.
6894	This method calculates the total number of commits for each week in a dictionary and then sums them up, starting from a given number of initial commits.
6895	Write a CSV file with commit data for the last year, including organization, repository, number of members, teams, unique contributors, total contributors, forks, stargazers, pull requests, open issues, and whether the repository has a README or license.
6896	Configures backends, handling exceptions and instantiating classes.
6897	Convert input to string, handle class or instance, and return MetricsInterface object.
6898	This method iterates over all metrics backends and calls their `timing` method with the provided `stat`, `value`, and `tags`.
6899	Calculates the time taken for a given operation and logs it.
6900	Decorates a function with a timer decorator.
6901	Generates a tag from a key and value, sanitizing and truncating the key and value, and adding an underscore if the tag is a reserved word.
6902	Logs timing information.
6903	Logs a histogram with given statistics, value, and tags.
6904	Summarizes statistics and logs them.
6905	Creates a case statement with a default case and an output field.
6906	Convert database value to enum value.
6907	Convert value to Python type, return if None, or enum value.
6908	Convert `value` to string if it's an enum, otherwise return `None`.
6909	This function recursively resolves a path in a tree structure, returning a set of elements at the specified path.
6910	This function processes a list of USLS (Unique Sequence Labels) and returns a dictionary mapping tables to lists of USLS associated with those tables, optionally filtering by allowed terms.
6911	Calculates the mean of a dataset.
6912	Updates counters and rates based on the input value.
6913	Calculates the mean rate of an operation based on the number of operations and the time taken.
6914	Mark the last value and update it if it's less than or equal to the new value.
6915	Sends metrics to a buffer using serialization and mmap.
6916	Convert metric attributes to strings based on keys and type.
6917	Formats a metric string with a prefix, name, value, and type.
6918	The method updates the batch count and buffer, and sends metrics if the buffer size exceeds the threshold.
6919	This method retrieves a configuration value from a configuration file, handling exceptions for missing options or sections.
6920	Converts non-UTF8 strings to UTF-8.
6921	Sets default value if option not found in section.
6922	Convert a list of codes to a set, filter ledger accounts by code, and create a dictionary mapping codes to IDs. If missing codes are found, raise an exception.
6923	This method retrieves divisions for a given user and returns a dictionary of division codes and descriptions.
6924	This method maps exact invoice numbers to foreign invoice numbers by filtering and updating a dictionary.
6925	Solves a Sudoku puzzle using SAT.
6926	Transforms an HTTP handler into a WSGI application.
6927	Transforms a form view handler into a view function.
6928	Transforms a method view into a WSGI application.
6929	Transforms an API view into a view function.
6930	Generates a view function from a generic API view.
6931	Transforms an injector into a viewset.
6932	This method reads data from a Unix file descriptor using asyncio, handling exceptions and closing the transport if debugging is enabled.
6933	Reads data from a file descriptor, handles interruptions, and manages file closure.
6934	Closes the connection and calls the connection lost callback.
6935	Closes the file descriptor and resets the protocol and loop references.
6936	Registers a watch for a given path with the specified flags.
6937	Removes a watch from the inotify system.
6938	Registers an inotify watch for a given path with specified flags.
6939	Sets up an inotify watch for each request alias and passes ownership of the file descriptor to the transport.
6940	This method reads an event from a stream, decodes it, and returns an `Event` object.
6941	`touch` method asserts no response, triggers touch event with message.
6942	Updates interval based on short and long units.
6943	Updates interval based on minimum of short and long intervals.
6944	Closes all connections and stops periodic tasks.
6945	Checks if any connection is starved based on the number of in-flight requests and the last ready time.
6946	Connects to NSQD asynchronously, handling various events and retries.
6947	This method queries a lookupd server using HTTP GET requests, handling URL splitting and encoding parameters.
6948	Sets the maximum in-flight connections for the object. If the maximum is set to 0, it sets the ready state of all connections to 0. If the maximum is not 0, it sets the need for redistribution of ready states.
6949	Logs a warning message indicating that the method `giving_up` has been called, providing details about the attempt number, maximum attempts, and the message body.
6950	Registers a callback function for a given event name.
6951	Removes a callback from the list of listeners for a given name.
6952	Triggers events for a given name with provided arguments.
6953	`pub` method publishes a message to a topic with an optional callback.
6954	Sets feature transformation mode and degree, then transforms the training data.
6955	This method predicts a value based on input data and a trained model.
6956	Calculates the logistic function for a given input.
6957	This function reads a log file, parses each line to extract trimming information, and updates a dictionary with the total trimmed length, percentage, and counts of bad reads at both ends.
6958	Removes unpaired fastq files and checks if temporary input files are safe to remove.
6959	This function merges default adapters from a specified directory into a FASTA file.
6960	This Python script uses the `subprocess` module to run the `trimmomatic` tool for quality trimming of paired-end FASTQ files. It sets various parameters such as memory, threads, phred encoding, adapters file, trimming range, and options. The script logs the process and outputs the results. If the trimming is successful, it cleans up the temporary files.
6961	Reads a depth file, stores mean coverage for each reference and position, and returns the dictionary.
6962	This Python script processes a depth file to generate JSON files for mapping and coverage analysis, handling user input and logging.
6963	Sets template directory and file path based on template name.
6964	Sets input and output channel names based on template, input suffix, output suffix, and lane.
6965	This method takes an input channel and an optional input type, returns a dictionary with the input channel and channel information based on the input type.
6966	This function renders a Jinja2 template with given context.
6967	This method checks if the context is set, logs a debug message, renders the template, and returns the result.
6968	Sets channels based on provided parameters.
6969	Updates the main forks list and context with the given sink.
6970	Sets secondary channel for source and forks.
6971	Updates attributes based on a dictionary, handling special case for `params`.
6972	Sets compiler channels based on provided list and operator.
6973	Sets raw inputs using a dictionary, updates parameters, and appends forks to the context.
6974	Sets secondary inputs from a dictionary and updates the context.
6975	Updates parameters with raw input and appends to context.
6976	Extracts the last numeric value from a string split by underscores.
6977	This method reads an assembly file, populates a dictionary of contigs, and calculates coverage for each contig.
6978	Calculates GC content and proportions for a given sequence.
6979	Filters contigs based on given comparisons and GC properties.
6980	Calculates the total length of non-filtered contigs.
6981	Writes filtered assembly to file.
6982	Writes assembly report to a file.
6983	Removes nested brackets from a string.
6984	This function identifies and removes inner forks from a pipeline string, ensuring that each fork is processed independently.
6985	Executes sanity checks on a pipeline string before parsing it.
6986	This function parses a pipeline string, performs sanity checks, and constructs a pipeline graph.
6987	Identifies the source lane based on a fork process and pipeline list.
6988	Parses lanes from a raw string, ignoring nested forks and splitting lanes by a delimiter.
6989	Establishes linear connections between processes in a list.
6990	This function establishes a forking connection between a source process and multiple sink processes, incrementing the lane counter for each new process.
6991	This function takes a pipeline string, modifies it to include unique identifiers for each process, and returns the modified string along with a dictionary mapping new process names to original process names.
6992	Replaces unique identifiers with original process names in pipeline links.
6993	Checks for existence of trace and log files in a Nextflow project directory.
6994	Convert tab-separated header string to dictionary with position as key and header name as value.
6995	Convert a string representing time in hours, minutes, seconds, or milliseconds to seconds.
6996	Converts a string representing a size in KB, MB, GB, or TB to its equivalent in bytes.
6997	This method reads a log file, extracts process names, and stores them in a dictionary.
6998	Clears inspection information, processes tags, stats, samples, stored IDs, log IDs, start and stop times, execution command, nextflow version, abort cause, and barrier status for processes.
6999	Updates process channel to complete if process in self.processes
7000	Reads log file at given path.
7001	This method assesses resource warnings based on CPU and memory usage, returning dictionaries of expected and actual values for each resource.
7002	Updates process statistics based on trace information, including submission status, resources, warnings, and memory usage.
7003	This method checks the log file for changes in size, parses log entries, and updates the process tags based on the parsed information.
7004	Updates inspection logs and retries if necessary.
7005	This method initializes a curses-based interface, handles user input, updates the interface, and displays the overview.
7006	Updates the top line based on the direction provided.
7007	Adjust padding based on direction and screen size.
7008	Read the last `n` lines from a log file.
7009	This method reads pipeline files and configuration files from a specified directory, returning a dictionary containing the file contents.
7010	Convert a DAG file to a dictionary.
7011	This method calculates a unique hash for a pipeline run by combining the hash of the entire pipeline file, the current working directory, and the hostname, then concatenating these hashes.
7012	This function reads a log file to find the path of the nextflow pipeline file.
7013	This script reads a FASTA file, splits sequences based on headers, and writes them to new files.
7014	This Python script processes a trace file to extract stats and write them to a JSON file.
7015	This function takes a list of tasks as input, validates them, and returns the final pipeline string.
7016	This function iterates over all modules in a specified package, finds the module with the given name, and returns an instance of the first Recipe class found that matches the provided recipe name. If no matching Recipe class is found, it logs an error and exits.
7017	Iterate over recipes, print names and docstrings, exit.
7018	Validates a pipeline string for parentheses, pipes, and returns False if invalid.
7019	This function builds an upstream pipeline for a given task based on process descriptions and task lists.
7020	This function builds a downstream pipeline for a given task, handling forks and splitting the process description if necessary.
7021	This function defines a pipeline string based on given process descriptions, tasks, and dependencies. It checks for upstream and downstream dependencies, adds them to a list of possible forks, and handles cases where a task is already in a fork.
7022	This method defines and builds a pipeline string based on a list of tasks.
7023	Constructs a string representation of a component with optional parameters and directives.
7024	Writes a report to `output_file` and a JSON file with QC data.
7025	This code processes a list of log files, parses each log, stores it in an ordered dictionary, and then writes a report with the parsed logs.
7026	Fixes contig names in an assembly file by replacing spaces with underscores.
7027	Removes temporary fastq files based on their path.
7028	Iterates over files, logs warnings for missing files.
7029	This method reads a tab-separated file, skips header and comment lines, extracts fields, and stores them in a dictionary.
7030	Iterates over storage entries, filters based on provided filters and databases, and yields entries that pass the filter criteria.
7031	Extracts the contig ID from a string using regular expressions.
7032	This method generates a JSON dictionary containing plot data for each sample, including the sample ID, database, and assembly file.
7033	Writes a JSON report with plot and table data.
7034	This function generates an assembly report, including summary statistics and sliding window data, and writes the report to a JSON file.
7035	This method reads an assembly file, parses it into contigs, and stores them in an ordered dictionary.
7036	This method calculates summary statistics for a set of contigs, including total length, average contig size, average GC content, and N50, and optionally writes the results to a CSV file.
7037	This method calculates and returns a list of tuples containing the ID, start position, and end position of each contig in a given window.
7038	Calculates the GC content of a string.
7039	Calculates GC content for sliding windows in a sequence.
7040	This Python script processes a pair of FASTQ files using the Skesa tool, outputs the results to a file, and handles errors and cleanup based on user input.
7041	This function generates a JSON report for two datasets based on specified quality statistics.
7042	Find the last index of a biased position in a list of biased positions.
7043	This function reads a file, identifies nucleotide bias, and returns the optimal trim range for both ends based on the bias assessment.
7044	This function calculates the optimal trim positions for both ends of a sample by finding the maximum and minimum values from a list of trimmed ranges.
7045	Reads a summary file, populating a dictionary with summary information.
7046	This function checks the health of a summary file by evaluating categories against predefined fail and must pass criteria, logging failures and warnings, and returning a boolean indicating overall health and lists of failing and warning categories.
7047	This code parses a log file from Bowtie2, extracts statistics about paired-end reads, and sets various metrics based on the alignment rates.
7048	Parses a process name and its directives from a string.
7049	Adds a dependency process before the current process, moving input and output channel names and setting parent lanes.
7050	Searches backwards through processes, ignoring those in different lanes, and returns True if a template is found.
7051	Build header section
7052	Build footer section of the template.
7053	Sets main channels for processes, updates raw input, extra inputs, and secondary channels.
7054	Sets secondary inputs, logs debug messages, and configures raw and extra inputs for a process.
7055	Sets secondary channels for each source in the `secondary_channels` dictionary.
7056	Compiles status and report channels from pipeline processes, checks for duplicates, and sets compiler channels.
7057	Constructs a configuration string from resource dictionary entries, excluding specified directives.
7058	Constructs a Docker configuration string based on container details.
7059	Generates a string representation of parameters for each process, including a header and default values.
7060	Generates a string representation of merged parameters from a list of processes.
7061	Generates a manifest string for a pipeline configuration.
7062	This method sets configurations for processes, rendering them into different configuration files.
7063	Writes a DAG dictionary to a JSON file.
7064	This method renders a pipeline visualization, writes it to a file, and sends it to an HTML resource using Jinja.
7065	This method writes configuration files and generates a pipeline DAG in a specified directory.
7066	This method exports parameters from a list of processes to a JSON format and writes it to stdout.
7067	This method exports directives for processes starting from the second one in a list, storing them in a JSON object and writing it to stdout.
7068	This function fetches Docker tags for a given set of processes and prints them in a formatted list.
7069	This method builds a Nextflow pipeline by setting up the shebang, importing necessary modules, defining channels, initializing processes, setting secondary channels, configuring the compiler, and writing the pipeline file.
7070	Sets kmer range based on max read length or manually specified.
7071	This code method sets up and runs the Spades assembler to process a pair of FastQ files, optionally including custom k-mers, and outputs the results to a file.
7072	Generates a unique report ID by hashing the pipeline file, current working directory, hostname, and hardware address, and combining them with the script ID and session ID from the report JSON file.
7073	Updates trace size stamp and processes trace lines based on header mappings.
7074	Updates log size stamp if it has changed.
7075	This method sends live reports to a server, handling buffer sizes, logging, and error handling.
7076	This method initializes live reports by sending a POST request to the specified broadcast address with the report ID and metadata. It handles exceptions such as connection errors and exits the program if the connection fails.
7077	Closes connection and sends DELETE request to server. Logs errors for connection issues and status codes.
7078	Converts adapters from a FASTA file to a tab-separated file using FastQC format.
7079	This Python script processes a pair of FastQ files using FastQC, optionally with adapters, and logs the results.
7080	This code writes a JSON report with a table row and a plot data entry, including the sample ID, number of hits, and the Mash distance distribution.
7081	This function processes a mash output file, calculates the percentage of shared hashes between a sample and a reference, and stores the results in a dictionary. It then writes the results to a JSON file.
7082	This method builds a list of software versions from context data and writes them to a JSON file.
7083	This Python script reads a Mash output file, processes it to generate a dictionary and list, and then writes a JSON file with the filtered results.
7084	Prints a colored message to the console.
7085	This function processes a dictionary of processes, sorting them alphabetically, and then prints each process's details, including its template, information, and directives.
7086	This function processes a map of process classes, extracting specific attributes and storing them in a dictionary. It then parses this dictionary to exit the program.
7087	This function guesses the compression type of a file based on its magic signature.
7088	Returns the minimum and maximum ASCII values of a string.
7089	This function returns a tuple of lists containing valid encodings and their corresponding Phred scores within a specified range.
7090	This function reads a coverage file, parses each line to extract a contig and its coverage, stores them in an ordered dictionary, and calculates the total coverage.
7091	Filters assembly based on minimum coverage threshold.
7092	This Python function filters a BAM file based on coverage and creates an index.
7093	Sets minimum assembly coverage based on options.
7094	Calculates the total assembly size and contig sizes from an assembly file.
7095	This script processes an assembly, calculates coverage, and filters it based on a minimum assembly coverage. It then writes the filtered assembly to a new file and copies the BAM file to the output assembly file.
7096	Converts a camel case string to snake case.
7097	Collects and maps process classes from a package.
7098	This script processes a Newick file, reroots it at the midpoint, and writes the resulting tree to a JSON file.
7099	This function implements the QuickHull algorithm to compute the convex hull of a set of points.
7100	Assigns the next best data sample to `self._Wmapped_index` and initializes `self.Wmapped` with zeros.
7101	Filters a 2D array using a median filter with a specified window size.
7102	Computes a Gaussian kernel matrix for a given size `M`.
7103	Computes the symmetric similarity matrix (SSM) of a dataset `X` using the specified distance metric.
7104	Computes normalized cross-correlation matrix.
7105	Applies Gaussian filter to each element along specified axis of a 2D array.
7106	Computes normalized Euclidean distances between consecutive rows in a matrix.
7107	Transforms a matrix by circularly shifting its rows.
7108	This function generates a matrix Y by concatenating parts of matrix X based on a specified ratio m.
7109	This function plots a graph with specified title, y-axis ticks, labels, and limits, and optionally saves it to a file.
7110	Plot boundaries for a given set of all boundaries, translating algorithm IDs, and formatting the plot.
7111	Plot labels with intervals and boundaries.
7112	Plot a track with estimated and reference times, using matplotlib.
7113	Plot a tree with segments and labels using matplotlib.
7114	This function takes a feature matrix `F` and a list of boundary indices `bound_idxs`, and returns a list of segments of the feature matrix.
7115	Convert feature segments to 2D-FMC with zero padding and normalization.
7116	This function computes labels for a given feature matrix `F` and bounding indices `bound_idxs` using k-means or a Dirichlet Process Mixture Model (DPGMM) if the feature matrix is small. It returns the estimated labels.
7117	Initialize scatter matrices and perform partial fit.
7118	This method updates the within-class scatter matrix and ordinal scatter matrix for a clustering algorithm, iteratively fitting the model to segments of the data.
7119	Read reference intervals and labels from a jam file.
7120	This function searches for estimations in a JAMS database based on given parameters and returns the first one found. If no estimations are found, it returns `None`.
7121	This method saves estimation data to a JAMS file, handling hierarchical and flat checks, and includes metadata and parameters.
7122	Returns a list of boundary algorithm IDs from the `msaf.algorithms` module.
7123	This function configures a dictionary with parameters based on input arguments.
7124	This function retrieves audio files from a specified directory, ensuring directories exist, and returns a list of file structures sorted by audio file name.
7125	This function reads hierarchical references from a JAMS file and returns the bounds, labels, and levels of the hierarchy.
7126	Extracts the duration from a JSON file.
7127	Writes MIREX formatted data to a file.
7128	Constructs a file path for a dataset based on the given directory and extension.
7129	This function reads reference segment times and labels from a song, maps beats to intervals, and then aligns beats to segments based on their intervals.
7130	Estimates beats tempo and frames from percussive audio using librosa.
7131	Read annotations from a JAMS file and extract beat times and frames.
7132	Computes beat synchronization features by synchronizing the beat frames with the beat times using librosa's `utils.sync` function.
7133	Read JSON features file, validate parameters, store features, handle annotated beats.
7134	This method writes features to a JSON file, handling exceptions and saving metadata, global parameters, beats, annotations, and specific parameters of the current features.
7135	Returns a list of parameter names excluding those starting with '_' and those in `_global_param_names`.
7136	Computes frame synchronization times using librosa.
7137	Computes frame times based on feature type.
7138	This method computes features based on the specified type and handles exceptions related to audio file not found or invalid feature types.
7139	Select features based on annotations and frame synchronization.
7140	This method checks if a feature is valid for a machine learning algorithm and raises an error if it is not. If the feature is valid, it retrieves the features from the algorithm's features dictionary.
7141	Postprocesses the estimated indices and labels by synchronizing them with the input bounds, removing empty segments, and ensuring the indices are integers.
7142	Runs the specified algorithm(s) on the MSAF formatted dataset.
7143	Prints the mean of a list of results, logging a warning if no results are provided.
7144	This function computes evaluation metrics for hierarchical or flat reference and estimation files using the `mir_eval` library.
7145	Computes information gain between annotations and estimated beats using specified bins.
7146	Convert file_struct to FileStruct if string, check file names, raise error if reference file does not exist, compute GT results, return result
7147	Generates a unique file name for results based on input parameters and configuration settings.
7148	This function processes audio files, performs hierarchical segmentation, and evaluates the results.
7149	This method recursively adds a configuration variable to a nested configuration tree structure, handling subobjects and ensuring unique class instances for internal nodes.
7150	Computes all features for a given file using the specified feature ID and framesync.
7151	Processes audio files in parallel using MSAF library.
7152	Calculates the Gaussian cost function for a given dataset.
7153	Normalizes a signal `F` to a specified minimum decibel (`min_db`) and floor level.
7154	Normalizes an array `F` by subtracting its minimum value and dividing by its maximum value along the specified axis.
7155	Normalizes the input array `X` using the specified normalization type.
7156	Generates time frames based on duration and analysis.
7157	This function takes two lists, `times` and `labels`, and returns a new list of intervals and labels after removing any empty segments.
7158	Generates clicks and writes them to a WAV file.
7159	Constructs new labels by mediating the unfolded labels between old boundaries.
7160	This function processes a segmentation level by adding silences, removing empty segments, and ensuring the first and last times are 0 and duration, respectively.
7161	Aligns the end of hierarchies based on their durations.
7162	Computes the distance from a given index to all other nodes in a sparse matrix.
7163	Estimates the optimal number of clusters using BIC and plots the results.
7164	Extracts data points from a dataset based on a specific label.
7165	Runs K-means clustering on the input data `X` with `K` clusters, using whitening to improve the clustering performance.
7166	Computes the Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC) for a clustering model.
7167	Calculates the magnitude of a complex number.
7168	Convert JSON segments to time bounds.
7169	Convert JSON bounds to numpy array of start points.
7170	Convert JSON segments to labels using a dictionary.
7171	Convert JSON file to beats array
7172	Compute 2D FFT, flatten, and return the first half of the FFT.
7173	This function computes labels for a given dataset using a CNMF algorithm and filters the activation matrix based on a specified range. It then assigns labels to each segment based on the most frequent label within the segment.
7174	This function filters an activation matrix by setting the maximum values to their corresponding indices and then applying a median filter.
7175	This function retrieves a boundary module based on the given ID, ensuring it is a valid boundary type and can be evaluated.
7176	This function retrieves a label module based on the provided `labels_id`. It first checks if `labels_id` is `None`, returning `None` if true. Then, it attempts to import the module using `eval` and checks if it is a label type. If not, it raises a `RuntimeError`. Finally, it returns the module.
7177	This function processes hierarchical segmentation of an audio file using specified modules and configurations. It computes boundaries and labels based on the provided parameters and returns the processed times and labels.
7178	This function processes audio data by segmenting it based on specified boundaries and labels, handling different algorithms for boundary and label identification, and ensuring the first and last boundaries are included.
7179	This function runs algorithms on a given file structure, using specified boundaries and labels, and returns the estimated times and labels based on the configuration.
7180	This function processes a track by extracting features, running algorithms, and saving the results.
7181	This function processes audio files, computes features, and runs algorithms on them, optionally saving the results.
7182	Updates the weights `self.W` based on the data and the current basis `self.beta`.
7183	Translates text from source to destination using a translator function.
7184	A decorator that wraps a function to initialize it before each call.
7185	Accumulates the sum of an initial value and the length of an update.
7186	Initialize task queue, set transliteration flag, define output function, create thread pool executor, process tasks asynchronously.
7187	This function processes an iterable, accumulating text until it reaches a maximum length, then yields the accumulated text and closes the iterable.
7188	This function reads lines from an input stream, partitions each line into three parts, and sends the first part and the remaining part to a target object. It then closes the input stream and returns the result of closing the target object.
7189	Extends and wraps a HTTP interface, returning JSON content from the response.
7190	Translates text from one language to another using Google Translate API.
7191	This function reads a JSON file containing translation data for a specified language and returns a dictionary mapping language codes to their names.
7192	Prints a sorted table of language codes and their corresponding names.
7193	This function removes specified nodes and edges from a network represented by two DataFrames, `network.nodes_df` and `network.edges_df`.
7194	Convert network to pandas HDF5 format with optional node removal.
7195	Constructs a network from a pandas HDF5 file containing node coordinates, edges, and impedance names.
7196	This method sets a variable in a DataFrame based on node IDs, handling missing values and adding the variable name to a set.
7197	This method aggregates accessibility variables based on specified parameters.
7198	This method takes two columns of x and y coordinates, finds the nearest neighbors in a KDTree, and returns a DataFrame with node IDs and distances, optionally filtered by a mapping distance.
7199	This method plots data on a map using Basemap, with options for scatter or hexbin plots, customizable figure and map parameters, and a colorbar.
7200	Sets the POI category and initializes the network.
7201	This method finds the nearest points of interest (POIs) within a specified distance and category, optionally including their IDs, and returns them in a pandas DataFrame.
7202	Identifies nodes with impedance below a specified threshold.
7203	This function processes a node by filtering out specified tags and returning the remaining tags and their values.
7204	This function sends an HTTP GET request to the Overpass API with a query parameter and returns the JSON response.
7205	Constructs a query string for fetching nodes within a specified bounding box and tags.
7206	This function queries OpenStreetMap for nodes within a specified bounding box and tags, processes them, and returns a DataFrame.
7207	Checks if a value is a regular expression.
7208	Compares a value against an expectation, optionally using a regular expression.
7209	A decorator that wraps a function to return the function's result or the instance itself.
7210	Compares two values, applying negation if necessary, and returns True if they match or if the comparison fails.
7211	This method triggers methods or attributes based on the input arguments.
7212	This method checks if all matchers in a list can successfully match a given request. It returns a tuple containing a boolean indicating success and a list of errors encountered during the matching process.
7213	Find a matcher by name
7214	Initializes a matcher based on the provided name and arguments.
7215	Decodes bytes to string and sets `_body`
7216	Sets the `Content-Type` header to `application/json` and converts the input data to a JSON string if it's not already one.
7217	Sets a key-value pair in a dictionary, handling case insensitivity and maintaining the order of the first two values if the key already exists.
7218	Appends functions and methods from a list to a target list.
7219	Registers request matchers for keys in request.
7220	Sets the URL and adds a URL matcher.
7221	Sets the request headers based on the provided headers or keyword arguments.
7222	Adds a matcher for each header name provided.
7223	Adds a matcher for headers based on the provided headers.
7224	Sets the request headers based on the provided value.
7225	It updates the request URL with the provided parameters.
7226	Sets the request body and adds a matcher for the body.
7227	Sets the JSON content for the request and adds a matcher for JSON validation.
7228	Sets the XML content and adds a matcher for XML matching.
7229	Read file content and store in body.
7230	Sets `_persist` to `status` if `status` is a boolean, otherwise defaults to `True`.
7231	Sets `_error` to a `RuntimeError` with the given error message if it's a string, otherwise it sets `_error` to the error object itself.
7232	This method creates a response object with optional status and keyword arguments, sets it as the current mock instance, and returns it.
7233	This method checks if a mock has expired, filters requests, maps them, matches them against registered matchers, and handles errors and callbacks.
7234	Activates an asynchronous function in a given engine.
7235	Sets a mock engine, validates its methods, and activates it if active.
7236	Enables network filtering for specified hostnames.
7237	Mock HTTP requests with optional activation and customization.
7238	Removes a specific mock from the list of mocks.
7239	Activates the mock engine.
7240	Disables the mock engine.
7241	Determines if network usage is allowed based on filters.
7242	This method processes a request through a series of filters, mappers, and mock definitions, handling exceptions and errors appropriately.
7243	Creates a copy of the current object with its attributes and headers.
7244	Activates the engine and wraps an async coroutine if necessary.
7245	Restores engine state, activates engine, yields engine, restores previous engine, and activates engine if network is enabled.
7246	Appends each interceptor to the engine's interceptors list.
7247	Removes an interceptor by name from a list.
7248	Retrieves a setting from a connection's settings dictionary or attribute.
7249	Convert column to SQL string with decryption and casting.
7250	This method checks if the model instance has an original attribute and if so, retrieves its value. It then sets the current attribute value to the original value and returns the result of the superclass's pre_save method.
7251	Returns a placeholder string based on the input value.
7252	Returns a decrypted column if the alias is different from the model's database table or the output field is different from the current column. Otherwise, returns the cached column.
7253	The method `get_placeholder` returns a formatted string using the `encrypt_sql` method and a setting from the `connection` object.
7254	This function takes a YAML string, loads it, and then processes it to identify and report any repeated keys.
7255	This function calculates the slope and intercept of a linear regression line for a given dataset, returning the slope, intercept, chi-squared statistic, Hessian matrix, and covariance matrix.
7256	Calculates the inverse of the covariance matrix.
7257	This method calculates the covariance matrix and root mean square of the leaves of a tree, optionally using a full matrix representation.
7258	This method calculates average values for nodes in a tree structure, updating the `Q` and `O` attributes of each node based on the values of its children and the tree's structure.
7259	This method calculates average values and variances for a given node in a tree structure, handling both terminal and non-terminal nodes.
7260	Calculates the correlation coefficient between the tip values and the explained variance of the tree.
7261	Calculates regression model with optional slope, computes explained variance, returns model.
7262	This method finds the best root of a tree by optimizing the root along branches, considering tip and branch values, and updating the best root if the new root has a lower chi-squared value. It also calculates the Hessian and covariance matrix for the best root.
7263	Sets the temperature coefficient `Tc` using interpolation based on the provided temperature values and timepoints.
7264	This method calculates the branch count at each time point by collapsing multiple events at one time point into a sum of changes from a tree.
7265	Calculates the cost of a merger event based on the total merger rate and the branch length.
7266	Attaches branch length interpolator merger cost to each clade's branch length interpolator.
7267	Optimizes the coalescent time scale using `minimize_scalar` from `scipy.optimize`, setting the new time scale if successful.
7268	This function takes a profile, a genetic code table, and an optional flag to sample from the profile. It normalizes the profile if specified, samples a sequence based on the probabilities, and returns the sequence, the profile values, and the sampled index.
7269	Normalizes a profile matrix, optionally logging the maximum value and returning the normalized profile and log offset.
7270	Sets `_gtr` to `value` if `value` is an instance of `GTR` or `GTR_site_specific`.
7271	Sets the GTR model for the TreeAnc class.
7272	Calculates sequence length based on input or sets it to None if not provided.
7273	This method initializes sequences for tree nodes based on alignment data, handling both full and difference alignments, and logs warnings and errors as necessary.
7274	Sets branch and mutation lengths, initializes mutations list, laddersizes tree, prepares nodes, and creates a lookup dictionary for leaves.
7275	This method prepares nodes in a tree structure by setting up parent-child relationships and assigning unique names to internal nodes. It also calculates the distance from each node to the root.
7276	Calculates the distance from each node to the root of the tree.
7277	Reconstruct ancestral sequences using specified method and parameters.
7278	Calculates branch mutation matrix for a given node, normalizes it, and optionally expands to full sequence.
7279	Returns a sequence from a node, possibly including additional constant sites.
7280	Reconstruct ancestral states for tree nodes using Fitch profiles and update sequences based on these profiles.
7281	Finds the state of a node based on the states of its clades.
7282	Combines arrays by intersecting pairs until only one remains.
7283	This method calculates the sequence of a node in a tree using marginal ancestral inference if it hasn't been done yet, and then returns the sequence based on the provided position.
7284	Calculates ancestral likelihood for a tree using the GTR model.
7285	Calculates the branch length to GTR parameters based on mutation length or branch length, considering a minimum branch length.
7286	Optimizes branch lengths in a tree using marginal or joint ancestral reconstruction, updating branch lengths and mutation lengths based on the optimization mode.
7287	Optimizes branch lengths globally using gradient descent.
7288	Calculates optimal branch length based on node's compressed sequence.
7289	Optimizes tree sequences and branch lengths using probabilistic reconstruction and iterative optimization.
7290	Constructs a reconstructed alignment from a tree.
7291	This method computes a matrix by applying a transformation and then filling the diagonal with the sum of the transformed elements along a specified axis.
7292	Custom method initializes a new instance of a class with optional parameters and returns it.
7293	This function returns a GTR model based on the input model name.
7294	The method `_check_fix_Q` is designed to correct the rate matrix `Q` and the transition matrix `W` in a genetic algorithm, ensuring they are properly normalized and orthogonal. It also handles cases where the diagonal of the rate matrix might be non-zero, which can lead to numerical instability.
7295	Calculates the probability of a sequence pair given a time parameter and returns the log probability if specified.
7296	Optimizes a sequence pair by compressing it and then finding the optimal t-value.
7297	Optimizes branch length using scipy.optimize.minimize_scalar or fminbound, returns negative probability or Hamming distance.
7298	Calculates the probability of a profile pair given a time `t`, considering gaps and multiplicity.
7299	Calculates the log of the dot product of the profile and the transformed exponential of the time.
7300	Calculates the log likelihood of a sequence given a pattern and a probability distribution.
7301	Sets branch length mode based on maximum branch length in tree.
7302	This method filters clock rates by identifying outliers based on interquartile distances and marks them as bad branches.
7303	Plot the root-to-tip tree regression with optional internal nodes and confidence intervals.
7304	Resolves multiple polytomies in a tree, logging progress and introducing new nodes.
7305	Prints the log-likelihood of the tree structure and its components.
7306	Adds a coalescent model to the tree with a specified time scale `Tc`.
7307	Finds the best root position in a tree by optimizing the rerooting of the tree.
7308	This function checks if a tree is provided in the input parameters. If not, it infers a tree from the alignment file. It then attempts to load and build the tree using the `TreeAnc` class. If the tree loading fails, it prints an error message and returns 1. If the tree is successfully loaded and built, it returns 0.
7309	Creates a GTR model based on input parameters.
7310	Reads VCF file, compresses sequences, and sets fixed pi values based on reference.
7311	This function performs ancestral reconstruction on a given set of parameters, reading in a VCF file if available, and then reconstructing ancestral sequences using a GTR model. It outputs the reconstructed sequences and tree.
7312	Calculates the full-width at half-maximum (FWHM) of a distribution, handling both interpolation and distribution objects.
7313	Creates a delta function distribution with a specified weight and minimum width.
7314	This function multiplies a list of `Distribution` objects, handling delta functions and overlapping distributions.
7315	Assign dates to tree nodes based on a dictionary, logging warnings and errors for invalid dates.
7316	Sets up a `TreeRegression` object with specified methods for calculating tip and branch values and variances, and returns the configured object.
7317	Optimizes a time tree with temporal constraints using maximum likelihood methods.
7318	Calculates the likelihood of a tree using the GTR model.
7319	Convert dates in a tree based on a given numeric date and real dates.
7320	Calculates date uncertainty based on rate variation.
7321	This method calculates the maximum posterior region for a given node, considering the distribution's peak position and uncertainty due to rate.
7322	Finds the minimum value of an interpolation object's x values.
7323	Calculates the median interpolated value from a given set of data points.
7324	Calculates the numeric date from a datetime object.
7325	Creates a new instance of a class with attributes derived from a regression model.
7326	Connects to a Guacamole server using a socket.
7327	Closes the client connection and resets internal state.
7328	The method `receive` continuously reads data from a buffer until an instruction termination term is found, decoding the received data and logging it. If no data is received, it closes the connection.
7329	Logs data being sent and sends it over the network.
7330	Sends an encoded instruction to the logger and sends the instruction.
7331	This method initializes a Guacamole handshake by sending various instructions to establish a connection with a client.
7332	Converts a Unicode string to UTF-8 encoding.
7333	Loads an object from a string instruction.
7334	Encodes a string argument into a format with its length and content.
7335	Encodes a sequence of instructions into a string.
7336	Generates a URL for a class based on its version and class name.
7337	Generates the instance URL based on the ID attribute, raising an exception if the ID is invalid.
7338	Generates a URL for a class based on its version and name.
7339	Downloads a file from a given URL, handling exceptions and saving it to a specified path.
7340	Retrieves a parent object based on the job model and ID.
7341	This function prompts the user to enter their SolveBio credentials, including domain, email, and password. It checks if the domain supports password authentication and prompts for credentials if necessary. If the domain uses SSO, it provides instructions on how to log in.
7342	This function handles user login by setting up SolveBio API credentials and making a POST request to authenticate.
7343	Prints user information if logged-in, otherwise prints "You are not logged-in."
7344	Print user details including email, domain, and role.
7345	Filters are cloned with additional keyword arguments.
7346	Clones the object with a specific genomic filter.
7347	Clones the object with a genomic filter based on chromosome and position.
7348	Combines args and kwargs into facets format, raises AttributeError if facets are empty, checks if facet field arguments are strings, clones the object, sets limit to 0, executes with facets, and returns the response's facets.
7349	Processes filters recursively, extending data with processed sub-filters.
7350	Iterates through a buffer, advancing the cursor and returning the last element.
7351	Executes a query with optional offset and limit, updates the response with offset and limit, and logs the query details. If a SolveError occurs, sets the error.
7352	This method migrates a dataset to a target dataset using the SolveBio API, optionally following the migration process.
7353	This Python script sets up a SolveBio client with API host and key from command line arguments or environment variables, and then calls a function with the parsed arguments.
7354	Downloads a vault folder to a local path, creating local directories and files as needed.
7355	Constructs an instance of the class from a dictionary of values.
7356	Logs out the user by revoking their OAuth token and redirecting to the home page.
7357	This method sends an HTTP request to a specified URL using the provided method and parameters, handling redirects, authentication, and error responses.
7358	Retrieves a child object based on the task type and ID.
7359	Cancels the object's status and attempts to save it, resetting it to its original state if saving fails.
7360	This method parses a dictionary `info` containing information about SNPEff annotations, updating the `ANN` key with a list of dictionaries, each representing an annotation field.
7361	Generates a SolveBio variant ID from a row and its attributes.
7362	This function retrieves credentials from a Netrc file for a given URL, handling potential errors and returning the password if authentication is successful.
7363	Saves the hosts and macros to a file.
7364	Formats a value based on its type and format string.
7365	Normalizes tabular data by transposing rows and handling different data structures.
7366	This function formats a row of cells with specified padding, begin, separator, and end characters, ensuring that the row does not exceed a specified width.
7367	Constructs a formatted line with specified padding and separators.
7368	Transforms a list of cell alignments into a formatted string for a MediaWiki table.
7369	Formats a table with specified headers, rows, and column widths/alignments.
7370	This method migrates a dataset to a target dataset, optionally following the migration.
7371	This method validates a full path and returns the full path and path dictionary.
7372	Uploads files and folders to a remote server based on provided arguments.
7373	This method validates a vault path and returns the full path and its parts.
7374	Validates API host URL.
7375	This method processes a list of paths, expanding user home directories, checking if they are URLs, files, directories, or glob patterns, and adds them to a manifest.
7376	Updates annotator_params with kwargs, processes records in chunks, yields results.
7377	Evaluates data using a client and returns the result.
7378	Sets `_format_name` to `format_name` if `format_name` is in `self.supported_formats`, otherwise raises a `ValueError`.
7379	Registers a new output format with the given name, handler, and optional preprocessors and keyword arguments.
7380	Formats data according to specified format, applying preprocessors and handling column types.
7381	Convert data to a table using tabulate with specified formatting and options.
7382	This function returns the path to the user's configuration directory for a given application, considering different operating systems and configurations.
7383	This function returns a list of configuration directories for a given application based on the operating system and configuration settings.
7384	Reads and validates a default configuration file.
7385	Read configuration files from default or all specified files.
7386	Returns the path to the user configuration file.
7387	Returns a list of system configuration files for the given application.
7388	Returns a list of file paths by joining each directory in `self.additional_dirs` with `self.filename`.
7389	Writes default configuration to a file if it does not exist or overwrite if specified.
7390	Reads configuration files, updates the object, and returns errors or True.
7391	Truncates a string to a specified maximum width.
7392	Replaces each tuple in the list `replace` with its first element in the string `s`.
7393	Executes each command in a list sequentially, exits if any command fails.
7394	Applies options to a command based on default and user-provided options.
7395	Applies a substitution to a command string based on an option, optionally active.
7396	Initializes options with branch 'master' and fix flag, then calls parent method.
7397	Runs pep8radius with specified options.
7398	Runs a sequence of document processing commands.
7399	Transforms data and headers into truncated strings.
7400	Transforms data into formatted strings based on specified column types and formats.
7401	Formats a row of data with headers.
7402	Adapts data to a vertical table format with specified headers and keyword arguments.
7403	Convert data to a table with specified headers and format, yield formatted rows.
7404	This function reads a template file, replaces placeholders with keyword arguments, and writes the result to a destination file.
7405	Checks if the given type is one of the specified constants.
7406	Checks if the given type is one of the specified constants.
7407	Checks if the type is not a boolean, string, or number.
7408	Generates a key using the specified template and mechanism.
7409	Generates a public and private key pair using the specified mechanism.
7410	This method searches for objects using a template and returns a list of object handles.
7411	Inserts an icon into a QR code image, resizing it to fit within the QR code's dimensions and positioning it in the center.
7412	This code method runs a scout export panel, handling gene panels and bed files, and outputs the results.
7413	Returns the first weekday of the given date.
7414	This method repeats a date based on a given day, month, year, and number of days. It handles exceptions for out-of-range days and updates the count based on the repetition conditions.
7415	This method repeats and reverses dates within a specified range, ignoring dates that exceed the end of the month.
7416	This method calculates the number of biweekly events for a given year and month, handling chunking and filling out the first week if necessary.
7417	This method handles a single chunk event by checking if it starts in the same month as the current month and if it repeats never. If not, it returns without adding any events. Otherwise, it creates a `Repeater` object with the event details and adds the generated events to a `defaultdict`.
7418	This function exports variants from an adapter, filtering by document ID and case ID, and yields each variant object sorted by chromosome and position.
7419	This function generates a list of strings representing a document line for each variant, including genotype, allele depth, validation status, case information, sample details, gene information, and caller-specific data.
7420	This function takes a list of variants and a sample ID, then generates a list of lines for a document based on the variant information.
7421	This method updates a user's roles and institutes based on provided inputs.
7422	This method retrieves and returns a dictionary containing various details about a case, including its institute, case, variant type, form, and pagination data.
7423	`sv_variant` fetches variant data from a store based on institute ID, case name, and variant ID.
7424	This function takes three parameters, `institute_id`, `case_name`, and `variant_id`, and returns the result of calling the `str_variant` method from the `controllers` module with these parameters.
7425	Verifies a variant with the given details and sends a verification email.
7426	This method handles the submission of variant data to a clinical variant database, updating an existing submission or creating a new one if none exists.
7427	This function fetches cancer variants from a database using the provided institute ID and case name.
7428	This method handles the classification of variants in a case, processing GET and POST requests, collecting criteria from form data, and redirecting to a variant page upon successful classification.
7429	Handles evaluation processing, redirects to variant page, or returns evaluation details.
7430	This function retrieves criteria from a request, uses them to classify data, and returns the classification as a JSON response.
7431	Uploads a file, processes it, and updates gene panels based on the category.
7432	This function downloads verified variant Excel files for a user, zips them, and sends them as a downloadable attachment.
7433	This function takes a dictionary of HGNC genes and returns a dictionary mapping aliases to their corresponding gene IDs.
7434	Adds incomplete penetrance information to genes based on HPO lines.
7435	Links genes by combining HGNC, Ensembl, ExAC, Genemap, and HPO information.
7436	This function sends a request to a MME server using the provided URL, token, method, and optional content type and accept headers. It sends data in JSON format and returns the server's response as a dictionary. If the response is a string, it is converted to a dictionary with a 'message' key. If the response is a list, it is returned as is. If an error occurs during the request, it logs the error and returns a dictionary with a 'message' key.
7437	This function retrieves and logs the connected nodes from a Matchmaker API using a given base URL and token.
7438	This function returns the cytoband coordinate for a given chromosome and position.
7439	Determine subcategory based on category and reference/alternate length.
7440	Calculates the length of a variant based on the given parameters.
7441	This function calculates the end position of a variant based on its category and other parameters.
7442	This function parses variant coordinates and returns a dictionary with various information about the variant.
7443	This code reads a file, parses cytoband data, and prints intervals for specific chromosomes and positions.
7444	This method handles panel management, including adding, modifying, and listing panels for a user. It processes CSV files, updates panels, and retrieves panel information based on user input and the database.
7445	Updates a panel in the store based on the provided version and redirects to the panel page.
7446	This method generates a PDF report for a panel using a template and returns it.
7447	This method handles gene editing by retrieving panel and HGNC gene information, populating a form, and processing form data to update or add a gene to a panel.
7448	Saves a delivery report to a case, logging success or error.
7449	This function retrieves HPO terms from a store based on a query and limit.
7450	Logs the start of a scout view users operation, retrieves the adapter object, iterates over the whitelist collection, and prints the IDs of the whitelist objects.
7451	Build a phenotype object from an adapter's HPO term.
7452	This function processes a gene record from a database, extracting and formatting various attributes and links, and returns the processed record.
7453	Convert gene data to JSON format.
7454	This method checks user permissions, fetches cases, and renders a dashboard template based on user input.
7455	This function generates a table of transcripts from a given context, including chromosome, start, end, transcript ID, HGNC ID, and optional refseq ID and primary status.
7456	This function takes a year, month, all_month_events, and day as input, retrieves the count of events for the given day, filters the events based on their primary keys, orders them by their start date, and returns the sorted list of events.
7457	This function fetches variants from a database based on a query, skipping a specified number of records and limiting the result set to a given number of records per page. It also checks if there are more records to fetch and returns a dictionary containing the fetched variants and a boolean indicating whether there are more records.
7458	Summarize the code method in one line.
7459	This function takes in parameters, retrieves variant information, and returns a dictionary containing variant details.
7460	This function processes a variant, including filling in information for pilup view, calculating frequencies, and adding gene information to the variant object. It also retrieves overlapping SNVs and comments, and returns a dictionary containing the processed variant and other relevant information.
7461	This function parses a variant object, updating its compounds, gene symbols, and other attributes based on the provided input parameters.
7462	This function generates a header for exporting variant data, including fields for AD reference, AD alternate, and genotype quality for each individual in a case object.
7463	This function takes a list of gene objects, extracts transcript information, and formats it into a string.
7464	This function takes a list of gene objects and returns a dictionary containing predictions for each gene.
7465	This function processes a case object by extracting BAM and BAI files, sample names, and region VCF files based on variant information.
7466	Convert `.bam` to `.bai` if it doesn't exist.
7467	This function retrieves variant data from a database, counts cases, and associates each variant with its corresponding cases.
7468	This function parses gene information, including transcripts, and selects the primary transcript based on the presence of a reference sequence ID.
7469	Convert transcript information into a string format.
7470	Calculates the end position of a variant by adding the number of bases in the reference sequence to the position of the variant.
7471	Determine the frequency category based on the thousand_genomes_frequency and EXAC_frequency.
7472	Transforms clinical significance objects into human-readable strings and links.
7473	Constructs a URL for accessing Ensembl's Variation Explore page based on the provided variant ID and build number.
7474	Generates a URL for a cosmic mutation overview based on the cosmic ID from a variant object.
7475	Generates a URL for a beacon search based on variant information.
7476	Generates a UCSC link for a variant object based on the specified build.
7477	Determine spidex human status based on variant position.
7478	This function takes a variant object, extracts manual inheritance information from its genes, and returns a list of unique manual inheritance types.
7479	This function takes a variant object and a category (defaulting to 'snv'), then returns a list of tuples containing caller names and their corresponding variant data.
7480	This method retrieves cancer variants for a given case and institute, applying filters based on the request arguments. It returns a dictionary containing the institute, case, variants, form, and variant type.
7481	This function takes a store, institute ID, case name, and variant ID as input, retrieves the institute and case objects, and then retrieves the variant object. It returns a dictionary containing the current date, institute object, case object, variant object, and a list of pinned variant IDs.
7482	This function retrieves clinical variant submission details from a database, including the institute, case, variant, pinned suspects, and clinical variant submissions.
7483	This function takes a store, institute ID, case name, and variant ID as input, retrieves the institute and case objects, and returns a dictionary containing the institute, case, variant, ACMG criteria, and ACMG options.
7484	This method submits a variant evaluation to a store, returning the classification result.
7485	Transforms input data into a structured format.
7486	Uploads panel symbols from a stream, checks for HGNC symbol existence, and returns valid symbols.
7487	This function creates a verified variant document for each customer in the given list, exporting the verified variants and unique callers to an Excel file.
7488	Exports all genes to .bed format.
7489	This function parses clinical significance data from various sources and returns a list of dictionaries containing the parsed information.
7490	This function parses compound information from a string, constructs a unique identifier for each compound, and returns a list of compound objects.
7491	This function processes gene data from a context object, filters by a build, and outputs the results in a tabular format.
7492	This function builds an individual object from a dictionary, handling missing fields, converting sex and phenotype, and validating analysis type.
7493	This method deletes and loads variants for a given case based on specified files and parameters.
7494	This function retrieves a case object from a database based on the provided institute ID and case name, returning a JSON response with the case data if found, or a 404 error if not found.
7495	Logs the start of scout view collections, iterates over adapter collections, and prints each collection name.
7496	This method initializes an institute with the provided internal ID, display name, and Sanger recipients, handling errors and aborting if necessary.
7497	This method updates an institute in a system, handling exceptions and aborting if an error occurs.
7498	Opens a file based on its extension and returns a file handle.
7499	Calculates the net value based on GET parameters 'cal_next' and 'cal_prev', returning 0 if an exception occurs.
7500	This function calculates the next and previous numbers based on the input integer `net`.
7501	Checks if the year is within a range and adjusts it if not.
7502	This function checks if a given date is a weekend and adjusts it accordingly.
7503	This function parses case data from a configuration dictionary, handling various inputs such as family information, owner, gene panels, and multiQC settings. It also adds information from a peddy file if available.
7504	This function reads peddy data from files, processes it, and adds inferred ancestry, sex, and parental relations to a dictionary based on the provided configuration data.
7505	This function parses an individual sample dictionary, validating and extracting key information such as sample ID, sex, phenotype, and other attributes.
7506	This function parses a list of sample information, creating a list of parsed individuals and checking for correct relations in a pedigree.
7507	This function parses a configuration dictionary to create a case data object, including handling for missing owner and family fields, parsing individual data, and setting various attributes based on the configuration.
7508	This function parses a pedigree file and returns a list of family IDs and samples.
7509	Constructs an evaluation object with variant-specific details, user information, and criteria.
7510	This function generates an Excel report for mitochondrial variants associated with a given case, writing each variant to a separate Excel file in a specified output directory.
7511	The function checks if a given set of terms is pathogenic based on specific conditions.
7512	Determines if a variant is likely pathogenic based on given terms.
7513	Determines if a patient is likely benign based on blood sugar and blood pressure terms.
7514	This function analyzes ACMG terms to determine the prediction based on pathogenicity and benign impact.
7515	This method adds gene information to a variant object by checking gene panels for additional information and updating the variant object with the relevant data.
7516	Fetches variants from a MongoDB collection based on case ID, query, variant IDs, category, number of variants, skip, and sort key.
7517	This method returns a cursor for variant documents in the database based on the provided institute and case IDs.
7518	This method searches for a variant in a database, adds gene information, and checks if it is a paralogue.
7519	This method retrieves a specified number of variant documents from a MongoDB collection based on a query, sorting them by a rank score in descending order, and skipping a certain number of documents.
7520	This method validates a case by querying the event collection, retrieving variant objects, and appending them to a result list.
7521	This method retrieves causatives based on either a case ID or an institute ID, returning a list of causative IDs.
7522	This method checks causatives for a case or institute, excluding those marked causative in the case object.
7523	Iterates through institute causatives, yields other variants if they match specified criteria.
7524	Deletes old variants for a given case and variant type, optionally filtering by category.
7525	Collects overlapping variants based on case ID, category, and HGNC IDs.
7526	This method retrieves and processes variant data for a given case, including comments, and returns a list of variant objects with additional information.
7527	This function retrieves a VCF file for a specific region based on the provided case object and gene information.
7528	Retrieves variants for a specified sample and category.
7529	Connect to MongoDB server with specified credentials and URI.
7530	This function takes a list of variant IDs, form fields, and an object type as input, and returns a list of submission objects for the specified object type.
7531	This function generates a header dictionary based on the type of submission data and the available fields in the submission objects.
7532	This function takes a list of submission objects and a header dictionary, then generates a list of CSV lines for submission.
7533	This function loads transcripts from an adapter, maps them to ensembl genes, and builds transcript objects based on their refseq identifiers. It handles primary transcripts and refseq identifiers, and logs the number of transcripts in each build.
7534	This method checks for an existing OMIM-AUTO panel, loads a new panel from an API, and handles errors.
7535	This function builds an Exon object from a dictionary of exon information, handling errors for missing or invalid keys and types.
7536	Deletes panels based on context, panel ID, and version.
7537	Deletes all indexes from all collections in the database.
7538	This method deletes a user from a database using a provided email address.
7539	Drops genes collection based on build status.
7540	Runs scout delete exons on the specified context and build.
7541	This method deletes a case and its variants from a database based on the provided context, institute, and case ID.
7542	This function retrieves and prints the individuals from a given case or cases based on the provided context, institute, causatives, and case ID.
7543	This function parses matchmaker matches for a given patient ID, converting match dates from milliseconds to readable dates, and categorizing matching patients based on their type (internal or external). It returns a list of parsed matches sorted by descending match date.
7544	This function retrieves and displays case information from a database, including variant counts, based on input parameters.
7545	This function loads a user object from a store, creates a login user instance, and returns it if the user object exists.
7546	Handles user login, redirects to Google authorization if enabled, or redirects to public index if user is not whitelisted.
7547	Builds an institute object with specified attributes and removes any `None` values.
7548	Deletes an event from the collection based on its ID.
7549	This method creates an event document in a database with specified fields and metadata.
7550	This method fetches events based on the provided parameters, including filtering by variant ID, institute, case, panel, and verb.
7551	Returns a cursor for user events based on the provided user object.
7552	This method adds a phenotype term to a case in a database, handling both HPO and OMIM terms.
7553	Removes a phenotype term from a case and logs the event.
7554	This method creates a comment event based on the provided parameters, logging the creation process and returning the comment object.
7555	This function parses genotypes for a given variant across multiple individuals, using their positions.
7556	Checks if a given chromosome and position are within a specified range of coordinates.
7557	Handles HTTP GET and POST requests for retrieving or searching HPO terms.
7558	This code generates a transcript summary from a context object and an adapter, printing the header and transcript data.
7559	This code snippet drops all exons from a database and then loads new exons from Ensembl.
7560	`load_region` is called with specified parameters.
7561	Filters events based on year, month, category, tag, location, cancellation, and repeat status, returning only those that are still repeating or have not started yet.
7562	Filter model objects based on specific conditions, excluding single day events that won't occur again.
7563	This function reads a requirements file, parses it, and returns a list of all the requirements.
7564	Returns a dictionary mapping HGNC IDs to genes from a panel object.
7565	This function updates a gene panel in a store by replacing or adding genes from a CSV file based on the provided option.
7566	This method creates a new gene panel in a store, handling errors and logging.
7567	Convert panel object's institute and version to full name and return a dictionary with the panel object.
7568	This function takes a database and an archive case as input, extracts relevant information from the archive case, and constructs a dictionary with the extracted data.
7569	This method updates a case in a MongoDB database by merging collaborators, assignees, suspected/causative variants, and phenotype groups/terms based on data from an archive. It logs information about changes and updates the case document in the database.
7570	This function migrates a case from one database to another, checking if the case is already migrated and handling dry runs.
7571	This method processes research data for a given case, deleting existing variants and loading new ones based on research requests.
7572	This function loads genes from various sources, links them, and stores them in an adapter.
7573	This function searches for HPO terms based on a given term or description, prints the results, and aborts if no matching terms are found.
7574	This function initializes a Flask application with configuration from a file or dictionary, sets up logging, and configures extensions and blueprints. It also handles user authentication and email logging if enabled.
7575	Configures extensions and initializes them with the given app.
7576	Registers blueprints for various parts of the application.
7577	Configures the application's database tracking, initializes Chanjo API, registers a blueprint, sets up Babel for localization, and determines the locale based on user preferences.
7578	This function processes gene aliases from a database adapter, collecting true symbols and their corresponding IDs, and outputs them in a tabular format.
7579	Builds a panel object from given information and adapter.
7580	This function exports verified variants for a given collaborator, writes them to an Excel file, and returns the number of lines written.
7581	This function runs a variant export using a specified adapter, collaborator, document ID, and case ID, and optionally outputs the results in JSON format. It also prints a header for the VCF entries, including INFO and genotypes if a case ID is provided.
7582	This function generates a VCF entry for a variant object, including information about the variant type, reference and alternative alleles, quality, filters, and genotype calls for each sample.
7583	This code serves a web application using a MongoDB database, handling connection checks, logging, and server configuration.
7584	Generates an MD5 hash from a list of arguments.
7585	Connects to MongoDB using the provided configuration settings.
7586	Initializes database connections and collections.
7587	Runs scout index based on update flag.
7588	Sets up a database with provided parameters.
7589	Sets up a scout demo with specified parameters.
7590	Sets up a MongoDB adapter with the provided context.
7591	This code method processes a context object, retrieves institute data, and outputs it in a formatted manner.
7592	This function takes a string of genetic models and a case ID, then returns a list of models associated with that case.
7593	This code generates a table listing gene panels for a given institute, logging information and aborting if no panels are found.
7594	Adds an institute to the database if it does not already exist.
7595	Updates institute's sanger recipients, coverage cutoff, frequency cutoff, display name, and phenotype groups.
7596	Fetch institute from database based on ID
7597	Checks if a date string matches the format "YYYY-MM-DD".
7598	Convert a date string to a datetime object.
7599	This code method generates a list of genes associated with a given HPO term using a specified adapter and outputs the results in a tabular format.
7600	This function parses a rank score entry based on a case ID.
7601	This method initializes a user object with details from the input parameters and adds it to the system using an adapter. It handles errors and logs warnings appropriately.
7602	Checks MongoDB connection with specified parameters.
7603	Initializes MongoDB client and sets up configuration for the application.
7604	This method loads a delivery report into a MongoDB case, handling cases where the report already exists and whether to update it.
7605	Adds a user to the database, generating a unique ID if not already present.
7606	This method processes a request for pileup data, including VCF file, BAM files, BAI files, and sample names. It then constructs an alignment list from these inputs, retrieves position information, and configures genome and exons paths. Finally, it renders an HTML template with the pileup data.
7607	This function loads exons from a given source, processes them, and stores them in an adapter.
7608	This method updates compounds for a given case using an adapter, logging warnings and aborting if the case is not found or an exception occurs.
7609	This function adds links to a gene object based on various identifiers such as HGNC ID, Ensembl ID, Entrez ID, OMIM ID, and more.
7610	This code fetches gene information from an adapter, logs warnings if no symbol or ID is provided, and outputs the gene ID, symbol, aliases, and transcripts in a table format.
7611	This function parses a line from a HGNC file, extracting gene information and linking it to other identifiers.
7612	Parses HGNC genes from a list of lines, yielding each gene as a dictionary.
7613	Retrieves an open clinvar submission for a user and institute, creating one if none exists.
7614	Updates a clinvar submission document in the collection based on the submission ID.
7615	Retrieves the ClinVar submission ID from a submission object in the database.
7616	This method adds variant and case data to a Clinvar submission, updating the submission's `updated_at` timestamp.
7617	Updates clinvar submission status based on user and submission ID, closing all other submissions for the user and opening the desired one.
7618	Retrieves all clinvar submissions for a user and institute, including variant and case data.
7619	Deletes a clinvar object from the database based on its type and ID, updating the submission object accordingly.
7620	Convert a case ID to clinical variant objects and return a dictionary mapping local IDs to clinical variants.
7621	This function parses a list of HPO (Human Phenotype Ontology) lines into a dictionary of terms, where each term is a dictionary containing the term's ID, description, aliases, and ancestors.
7622	Redirects to gene page with specified hgnc_id if query contains '|', otherwise returns a list of 20 genes from the database.
7623	This function retrieves gene information based on either a HGNC ID or symbol, handles potential errors, and returns the gene data.
7624	This function retrieves query parameters, processes them, and returns JSON data.
7625	Checks if all default panels are defined and if each panel exists in the database.
7626	This function loads clinical and research SNV and SV variants for a given case based on the provided parameters.
7627	This function checks if the specified panels exist in the database and raises an error if any do not. It then loads a case object using the provided adapter and configuration.
7628	Decorates a function with a template rendering function.
7629	This method checks if an institute and case exist in a store, validates user access, and returns the institute and case objects if the user has access.
7630	This function returns a list of institutes based on the user's role and permissions.
7631	This function retrieves the HGNC ID for a given gene symbol from a database adapter, handling cases where the gene is not found.
7632	This method checks for a panel, updates it if specified, and logs warnings if the panel or update date is not found.
7633	This method fetches OMIM gene panel data, drops existing disease terms, and loads new ones.
7634	This function loads disease terms from OMIM and HPO, builds disease objects, and stores them in an adapter.
7635	This function parses frequency data from various sources (thousand genomes, ExAC, GnomAD) and transcripts, and returns a dictionary containing the parsed frequencies.
7636	Convert variant.INFO.get(info_key) to float if not '.', otherwise return None.
7637	This function parses variant frequencies from a given variant object, converting them to floats if they contain 'AF' and returning a dictionary of frequencies.
7638	This function logs the start of the scout view users, retrieves user objects from the adapter, and prints a table of user details including name, email, roles, and institutes. If no users are found, it logs a message and aborts the process.
7639	This function builds a `HgncGene` object from a dictionary of gene information, handling various data types and validations.
7640	Loads a panel and adds it to the gene panel.
7641	This method loads an OMIM panel, updates its version, and adds it to the database.
7642	Compares gene IDs between two panels.
7643	Updates gene versions based on new genes and old versions.
7644	This method adds a gene panel to the database, raising an error if the panel already exists, logging the process, and returning the inserted ID.
7645	Convert panel_id to ObjectId if not already, find panel by ID, return panel object.
7646	Deletes a panel from the collection based on its ID and logs the deletion.
7647	Fetch gene panel from database based on panel_id and version.
7648	This method retrieves gene panels from a database based on specified criteria such as panel name, version, and institute.
7649	This method builds a dictionary mapping gene identifiers to the names of panels they are associated with. It iterates over a list of panel information, retrieves each panel object, and adds the gene identifiers to the dictionary. If a gene identifier is not already in the dictionary, it creates a new set containing the panel name. If a gene identifier is already in the dictionary, it adds the new panel name to the existing set.
7650	Updates a panel's version and date in a MongoDB collection.
7651	Adds a pending action to a panel collection based on the provided parameters.
7652	This method updates a panel object by adding new genes, updating existing ones, and handling deletions. It also handles versioning and archiving old panels.
7653	This method extracts unique gene symbols from a case's panels using MongoDB aggregation.
7654	This function retrieves and processes case objects based on the provided context and parameters, then outputs the results in JSON format.
7655	Sends an email using SMTP with optional TLS encryption and authentication.
7656	This method loads indexes for specified collections, deletes existing indexes, and creates new ones.
7657	Updates indexes in a database by iterating over a list of collections, checking for existing indexes, and creating new ones if necessary.
7658	Drops all indexes for each collection in the database.
7659	Builds a MongoDB query for a variant based on input parameters.
7660	Builds a MongoDB query based on case ID, variant IDs, category, and other criteria.
7661	Transforms clinical significance query into MongoDB query.
7662	Filters genomic coordinates from a query dictionary.
7663	This method filters genes based on HGNC symbols and gene panels in a MongoDB query.
7664	Drops the specified MongoDB database.
7665	This function parses a CSV stream to create a list of panel genes, filtering out genes without valid HGNC IDs and handling disease-associated transcripts and genetic disease models.
7666	Constructs a dictionary from a given dictionary, handling optional fields.
7667	Loads gene bulk into the database.
7668	Loads a bulk of transcripts into the database.
7669	Inserts multiple exon objects into the exon collection, handling duplicates and bulk write errors.
7670	Fetches gene details from the database based on HGNC identifier or symbol, returning transcripts if available.
7671	Fetches gene ID from HGNC collection based on symbol and build.
7672	Fetch genes by symbol or ID, searching for full matches or partial matches, returning results based on build.
7673	Fetches all genes from the specified build sorted by chromosome.
7674	Fetches all genes from a specified build or all genes if no build is specified.
7675	Drops the hgnc_gene collection based on the provided build number.
7676	Drops the transcripts collection based on the provided build parameter.
7677	Drops the exons collection based on the provided build number.
7678	Fetches all transcripts from the database for a specified build.
7679	Build a dictionary mapping HGNC symbols to gene objects based on a specified build.
7680	Finds gene by alias in the database.
7681	Collect genes by alias, mapping aliases to their true symbols and IDs.
7682	Fetches all genes from the HGNC collection for a specified build and returns a dictionary mapping Ensembl IDs to gene objects.
7683	Convert HGNC alias to gene symbol.
7684	This method adds a 'hgnc_id' to each gene dictionary in the 'genes' list, using the 'hgnc_symbol' as a key to look up the corresponding 'true' or 'ids' value from the 'genes_by_alias' dictionary. If the gene does not exist, it logs a warning. If the gene has multiple 'ids', it logs a warning and chooses one.
7685	This method builds interval trees for coding regions in a given genome, updating intervals as they overlap with existing ones.
7686	This method updates the OMIM gene panel using the provided API key and institute. It logs errors and aborts if any issues occur.
7687	This method retrieves cases from a database based on various query parameters and returns them along with additional data from the Sanger server.
7688	This function takes an institute ID and case name, retrieves the corresponding objects, and returns a dictionary containing the institute and case objects along with additional data.
7689	This method checks user permissions, retrieves MME connection parameters, fetches matches, and handles errors.
7690	This method checks if the user has the necessary role to send a match request, reads the MME connection parameters, sends a match request to MME, and displays a success or error message based on the response.
7691	This method checks user permissions, retrieves case details, sends a delete request to MME, updates the case, and returns a success message.
7692	This function takes an institute ID and case name, retrieves the corresponding objects, and returns a dictionary containing the institute, case, and formatted data.
7693	This function generates a PDF report for a case, including a coverage report if the database URI is set, and prints the case pedigree to a SVG file if available.
7694	This function diagnoses a case in a store, handling user and case objects, generating a link, and setting diagnosis parameters based on form data.
7695	This function handles adding or deleting a phenotype from a case in a web application, using Flask and a hypothetical `store` object.
7696	This method handles various actions on a case, including deleting, phenomizing, updating dynamic gene lists, and generating gene lists based on HPO terms.
7697	This function handles event creation, deletion, or variant comments based on the provided parameters.
7698	This method updates or archives a case based on user input.
7699	This function handles the assignment or unassignment of a case to a user in a store, redirecting the user to the previous page after the action is completed.
7700	This function retrieves terms from a database, sorts them by their number, and returns the top 7 terms in JSON format.
7701	This method validates a variant in a store, redirecting the user to the previous page or the variant's URL based on the validation type.
7702	Mark causative variant in case based on user action
7703	This function retrieves and sends a delivery report for a case based on the provided institute ID and case name.
7704	Handles user access to a case in a store, either revoking or granting access based on form data.
7705	Redirects to the referrer after rerunning the case.
7706	This method opens a research session for a user in a specified institute and case, redirects them back to the previous page.
7707	This function takes an institute ID, case name, and individual ID, processes a VCF file, and sends the resulting CGH file as an attachment.
7708	This function retrieves and serves a multiQC report for a given institute and case name.
7709	This function processes a case query, categorizes cases by status, and returns a summary of the cases along with their analysis types, assignees, and other relevant information.
7710	This function processes a case report, extracting and decorating variant information based on predefined categories and adding it to the case data.
7711	This function generates a coverage report for a given case object and institute settings, extracting sample IDs, panel names, and cutoff level, and then sends a GET request to a specified URL to retrieve the report content. The function uses BeautifulSoup to parse the HTML response and remove links, then extracts the body content to return the report summary.
7712	Returns a list of clinical variant submissions for a given user and institute.
7713	This function generates an Excel file for each individual in a case, containing variant data from a specified store.
7714	Updates the synopsis of a case in a store if it has changed.
7715	This function queries Phenomizer for diseases associated with specified HPO terms, filtering by p-value threshold.
7716	This function takes a store, institute ID, case name, and individual ID as input, retrieves the institute and case objects, and then iterates through the individuals in the case to find the one with the matching ID. If found, it returns the display name and the VCF2Cytosure value of that individual.
7717	```python
def multiqc(store, institute_id, case_name):
    institute_obj, case_obj = institute_and_case(store, institute_id, case_name)
    return {'institute': institute_obj, 'case': case_obj}
```
7718	This function retrieves a list of variant IDs with Sanger validation ordered grouped by case from the 'event' collection.
7719	This function adds a patient to a Matchmaker server based on the provided parameters.
7720	This function deletes patients from a Matchmaker server using their IDs and returns the server's responses.
7721	This function processes a case object to retrieve matches from a MatchMaker server, handling errors and returning the results.
7722	This function performs a match between patients and MME nodes based on the specified match type and MME base URL and token. It handles both internal and external matching scenarios, appending the results to a list of server responses.
7723	This method updates gene information in a database using the provided API key and adapter. It fetches gene information from OMIM, HGNC, and ExAC, and then updates the database with the fetched information.
7724	This function parses variant information to determine caller status based on specific filters and custom merge information.
7725	Build transcript object with required fields from transcript_info.
7726	Loads an institute into the database using a specified adapter.
7727	This function calculates the CADD score for a variant by iterating through a list of transcript CADD entries and updating the CADD score if a higher score is found.
7728	This method initializes a case object using the provided configuration and context, handling errors and logging accordingly.
7729	Updates a variant in the database.
7730	Updates variant ranks for all variants in a collection based on their rank scores.
7731	This method updates variant compounds by fetching and processing information from a database.
7732	Updates compound objects for given variants.
7733	Updates MongoDB compound variants based on a bulk list of variant objects.
7734	Updates compounds for a given case based on variant types and categories, using a bulk update mechanism.
7735	Inserts a variant into the database, raising IntegrityError if the variant already exists.
7736	Inserts or updates a variant in the database.
7737	This method loads a bulk of variants into a collection, handling potential duplicates and integrity errors.
7738	Creates an event for assigning a user to a case and updates the case to include the user as an assignee.
7739	This method checks if a collaborator is already a collaborator of a case, creates an event, and updates the case collection.
7740	Updates case's diagnosis list based on the provided level and OMIM ID.
7741	Updates case status in the database.
7742	This method updates a variant's status to "sanger_ordered" and creates events for ordering validation and sanger for a given case.
7743	This method retrieves all sanger ordered variants grouped by case_id from the database.
7744	Validates a variant with the specified validation type and logs the result.
7745	Mark variant as causative in case, add to causatives, mark case as solved, create case and variant events.
7746	Updates variant's dismiss variant status in the database.
7747	Updates ACMG classification for a variant in the database based on the provided ACMG string.
7748	This function parses variant IDs based on chromosome, position, reference, alternative, case ID, and variant type.
7749	Convert chromosome, position, reference, and alternate alleles into a single string.
7750	Generates a MD5 key from a document ID components.
7751	Convert gene data to a tab-separated string and print it.
7752	Generates a variant ID based on variant information and family ID.
7753	Fetches the count of cases based on the provided institute ID.
7754	Updates a dynamic gene list for a case based on HGNC symbols or IDs, updating the case document with the new list and phenotypes.
7755	Fetches a case by its ID or by institute and display name.
7756	Deletes a case from the database based on the provided case ID, institute ID, or display name.
7757	Inserts a case into the database if it does not already exist.
7758	This method updates a case in a MongoDB collection, replacing the existing document with the new one.
7759	Updates a case's ID, suspects, causatives, ACMG classification, events, and inserts the updated case.
7760	Summarize the code method to capture the core idea of submitting evaluation, updating the ACMG classification, and returning the classification.
7761	Fetches evaluations for a given variant from the ACMG collection, sorted by creation date in descending order.
7762	This function parses transcripts, storing information in a dictionary for each transcript.
7763	This function parses gene information from a pandas DataFrame and yields a dictionary for each gene, including chromosome, start and end positions, Ensembl gene ID, and HGNC symbol.
7764	This function parses a result from an Ensembl request, extracting specific information about transcripts and converting it into a dictionary format.
7765	This function parses an Ensembl line into a dictionary containing gene and transcript information.
7766	Parses ensembl genes from a file, skipping the header line and yielding parsed lines.
7767	This function parses Ensembl exons from a list of lines, handling UTR regions and calculating start and end positions based on the strand. It yields a dictionary for each exon.
7768	This function takes a pandas DataFrame `result` as input, extracts specific columns, and calculates the start and end positions of exons based on the strand and UTR regions. It yields a dictionary for each exon.
7769	Initializes a logger with specified log level, file, and console handlers.
7770	Convert a tab-separated line into a dictionary using the header as keys.
7771	This function parses OMIM (Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man) data, extracting headers and parsing lines into a structured format.
7772	This function parses a genemap file to collect inheritance patterns and HGNC symbols for each phenotype. It uses a set to store unique phenotype numbers and a dictionary to store the inheritance patterns and HGNC symbols for each phenotype. The function iterates over each gene in the genemap file, extracts the HGNC symbol and phenotypes, and updates the dictionary accordingly.
7773	This code snippet reads files, processes data, and aborts if certain conditions are not met.
7774	Converts a string to an integer or float if possible.
7775	This method formats a calendar for a given month, including handling navigation links and context variables.
7776	This method formats a day cell in a calendar, setting up the appropriate HTML structure and attributes based on the day of the week and whether it's today.
7777	Formats a month name with an optional year.
7778	This method generates a formatted HTML string for displaying event details, including the event's start time, location, description, and URL.
7779	This function takes panel information from lines, extracts fields, and stores them in a dictionary. It also handles date formatting.
7780	This function parses gene information from a dictionary, extracting identifiers, symbols, transcripts, inheritance models, and other attributes, handling potential errors and returning a structured gene dictionary.
7781	This function parses gene information from a list of lines, handling different delimiters and headers, and stores the parsed genes in a list.
7782	This function parses a gene panel from a specified path, handling optional parameters like institute, panel ID, type, date, version, display name, and genes. It returns a dictionary containing the parsed information.
7783	This method processes a context object to find and list diseases, logging the results.
7784	Runs scout update hpo, drops HPO terms, and loads them.
7785	This function processes user data from a store, updating the 'institutes' and 'events' fields based on the user's institutes and events, and then returns a sorted list of users with their total events count and event rank.
7786	This function parses conservation scores for a given variant from different databases and returns a dictionary containing these scores.
7787	Convert variant.INFO.get(info_key) to a tuple if it's a number, then iterate over the tuple, append 'Conserved' if the score is greater than or equal to the conservation threshold, otherwise append 'NotConserved'.
7788	This function retrieves general information about cases from an adapter, including total cases, phenotype cases, causative cases, pinned cases, cohort cases, and pedigree details. It also collects case IDs for further processing.
7789	This function aggregates cases based on their status, creating a list of case groups with their counts and percentages.
7790	Convert context to JSON and return HttpResponse with JSON content.
7791	This method retrieves the year and month from the request, applying a net adjustment, and returns the cleaned year and month.
7792	Adds ' (CANCELLED)' to event titles if they have a cancellation date matching the input date.
7793	Fetches a HPO term by its ID from the collection.
7794	This method searches for HPO terms based on a query, text, or HPO ID, returning a list of matching terms.
7795	This method converts a disease identifier to a query dictionary and returns the first document in the disease term collection that matches the query.
7796	Fetches disease terms for a given gene or all diseases.
7797	Inserts a disease term into the database, handling duplicates by raising an integrity error.
7798	Generates a sorted list of gene counts for HPO terms.
7799	This method reads an HDF5 file, extracts metadata, and loads data based on specified frequency and time ranges.
7800	Sets up frequency axis based on start and stop frequencies, calculates closest true index values, and creates a frequency array.
7801	Sets up a time axis based on the header information and integration parameters.
7802	This method reads a filterbank file, processes its header, and loads binary data into a numpy array based on specified frequency and time ranges.
7803	This method computes the local mean sidereal time (LMST) based on the telescope ID and the start time of the observation, using the pySLALIB library if available.
7804	This method checks if the number of coarse channels is valid, calculates the number of channels per coarse channel, and then blanks the median of the middle 5-10 channels in each coarse channel.
7805	This method prints information about the data file, including the start and stop frequencies, the number of integers in the file, and the data shape.
7806	Calculates the extent of a plot based on timestamps and MJD time.
7807	Plot a waterfall plot of data from a given frequency range, applying transformations and customizations based on the input parameters.
7808	Plot a time series with optional logging, axis scaling, and orientation adjustments.
7809	Writes data to a filterbank file in binary format.
7810	Calibrates the data by dividing it by the median of the data along the specified axis.
7811	Convert data to coarse channels and return average over each coarse channel.
7812	Corrects Mueller matrices for left and center feed types.
7813	Calibrates Stokes parameters from cross-polarized data and writes them to filterbank files.
7814	Calculates the ratio of vertical and horizontal components of the electric field.
7815	Writes pol files for linear and circular polarization.
7816	Find index of closest value in array to given value.
7817	Reduces a 2D or 1D array by averaging over specified dimensions.
7818	This function unpacks a byte array into a specified number of bits.
7819	This function calculates the difference in Stokes parameters (I, Q, U, V) between two sets of data, `I_ON` and `I_OFF`, obtained by folding noise from a diode.
7820	Plot Stokes diode spectrum with ON and OFF states.
7821	Plot calibrated full Stokes noise diode spectrum.
7822	Plot gain offsets for a given DIO cross, displaying phase offsets and noise spectra for the X and Y axes.
7823	This function opens a file based on its extension and type, returning a reader object for further processing.
7824	Sets selection bounds and calculates shape based on given parameters.
7825	Calculates the size of the selection based on the number of integrations, frequency channels, and byte size.
7826	Calculates the shape of the selection based on the integration and frequency channel requests.
7827	Sets channel start and stop indices based on file start and stop frequencies.
7828	Sets frequency range based on header information.
7829	Populates timestamps based on integration start and stop times, considering header information and optional updates.
7830	Populates frequency array based on header information.
7831	Determine the number of coarse channels based on the channel bandwidth or common FFT length.
7832	Calculates the number of blobs based on the selection shape and blob dimensions.
7833	Checks if the selection size exceeds the maximum data array size.
7834	This method reads binary data from a file, processes it based on specified frequency and time ranges, and returns the processed data.
7835	Reads all data from a file into a 2D numpy array.
7836	Read a row from a file, optionally reversing the data.
7837	Read data from file and load into container.
7838	Updates header with frequency and number of coarse channels based on selection.
7839	Prints file and selection information.
7840	This method writes to a file, timing the process and logging the conversion time.
7841	This method writes a file to an HDF5 format, timing the process and updating the header if the container is heavy.
7842	This method writes data and mask to an HDF5 file with optional bitshuffle compression.
7843	This method calculates the dimensions of a blob based on the selection shape and chunk dimensions, ensuring that the blob does not exceed a maximum size in memory.
7844	Determines chunk dimensions based on header information.
7845	This method populates frequency and timestamp arrays, filters data based on specified frequency and time ranges, and returns the filtered frequency and data arrays.
7846	This function parses command-line arguments, reads a GuppiRaw file, prints statistics, and generates two plots: a histogram and a spectrum.
7847	Read the first header from a file.
7848	Calculates the number of data blocks in a file based on header information.
7849	Prints statistics and plots data.
7850	Plot a histogram of data from a file, optionally saving it to a file.
7851	Generates a filterbank header dictionary based on telescope and source information from a first header.
7852	The function `find_header_size` calculates the size of a header in a binary file by reading a specified region and finding the position of the header string 'HEADER_END'.
7853	This Python script processes two files by stripping their headers, calculating their MD5 checksums, and comparing them.
7854	This script reads multiple GuppiRaw files, concatenates their data, and writes the result to a new HDF5 file.
7855	This function calculates the average ON and OFF spectra from a dataset based on time samples and diode parameters. It returns the average spectra and the corresponding time samples if `switch` is `False`, or the average spectra and the corresponding time samples in reverse order if `switch` is `True`.
7856	This function integrates data from a waterfall observation, handling both IQUV and cross-polarized data formats, and returns the coarse channel spectra of both ON and OFF channels.
7857	Calculates the fluxes based on the given parameters.
7858	Calculates the mean frequency for each coarse channel.
7859	Calculate noise diode ratios for both observations.
7860	This function calculates the coarse channel diode spectrum based on the given calibration observations and parameters.
7861	Returns the Tsys value from the diode_spec function.
7862	Calibrates fluxes by integrating diode spectra, scaling, and writing to a new filterbank file.
7863	Calculates the end of header index in a file.
7864	Checks if a file is a Blimpy file by reading the first header keyword.
7865	Updates the header of a file by replacing the value of a specified keyword with a new value.
7866	Generates a Sigproc header string from a dictionary of header keywords.
7867	Convert angle string to SigProc format.
7868	Calculates the number of integers in a binary file based on header information.
7869	Convert a traceback object to a dictionary.
7870	Creates a recursive subparser for a DNS record type.
7871	Creates a parser for a zonefile with subparsers for different resource records.
7872	Removes comments from a string by tokenizing lines, serializing tokens, and joining lines back together.
7873	This function takes a string of text, splits it into lines, and processes each line to add a default name if the line starts with a supported record and does not start with a dollar sign. It then serializes the processed tokens and joins them into a single string.
7874	This function parses a line of text into a dictionary, handling different types of records and their associated fields.
7875	This function parses lines of text into a dictionary, handling invalid lines by either ignoring them or raising an exception.
7876	Convert zone file text to JSON format.
7877	Converts a field in a nested dictionary to a string with double quotes and replaces semicolons with semicolons.
7878	Converts a JSON schema string to an Avro schema structure.
7879	Convert a list of classes to a Python package.
7880	Generates Python source code for a class based on a schema.
7881	Decorator that restores the original auto registration behavior.
7882	Convert a record to a JSON-compatible dictionary.
7883	This function loads a JSON dictionary into a record using a specified schema and loader.
7884	Convert JSON string to Python dictionary and load into record store.
7885	Adds a record to the schema map with the given full name and schema, optionally bumping the stack level and raising an exception if the schema already exists.
7886	Retrieves schema map entry for given record name or last name if not found.
7887	Convert object attributes to string representations.
7888	Merges mixin methods into the target class.
7889	This function wraps a class to store its attributes.
7890	Generates a JSON schema for a given record, including fields and required properties.
7891	This function generates a schema dictionary from a record, removing the schema for the current record and adding it to a dictionary of all schemas.
7892	Reads input stream, loads each line, and yields the result.
7893	Writes outputs to a stream, handling parse errors.
7894	Adds a key-value pair to the beginning of an OrderedDict.
7895	Convert parameters to a query string and make a GET request to the API.
7896	Transforms filters into a SearchResult object.
7897	This method reloads the entities with the specified attributes.
7898	This method extracts an entity from a given href, handling incomplete collections and validating the href format.
7899	Returns a different quote from the list if the input quote is not found, otherwise raises a ValueError.
7900	Escapes a string by wrapping it in quotes if it contains both single and double quotes.
7901	Generates a rotation matrix for a given axis and angle.
7902	Constructs a covariance matrix from input vectors and parameters.
7903	Calculates the sky-averaged radial error for a given magnitude and spectral type.
7904	Calculates parallax error and prints results.
7905	Calculates the magnitude error of a given gravitational wave signal.
7906	Calculates the magnitude error of a gravitational wave signal using the given formula.
7907	This function generates a plot of photometric errors for a given set of arguments, including options for different error models and output formats.
7908	Calculates the average number of transit points for a given beta value.
7909	Calculates the angular distance between two points on a sphere given their spherical coordinates.
7910	Transforms Cartesian coordinates using a rotation matrix.
7911	Transforms sky coordinates to Cartesian coordinates and then back to spherical coordinates.
7912	Transforms a covariance matrix using a Jacobian matrix.
7913	Calculates the error scaling factor based on the input observable and beta value.
7914	Generates a plot of relative parallax errors vs distance for a set of stars.
7915	This function generates a plot of radial velocity errors for different star types based on their visual magnitudes and visual minimum radii.
7916	`either` function takes any number of functions and applies them to a value until one returns a result.
7917	This code defines a decorator `_helpful_failure` that wraps a method to handle exceptions and provide a more informative error message.
7918	Convert binary to UTF-8, decode if not, and format as string.
7919	Transforms each item in the collection using a list of functions.
7920	Removes elements from a list based on a condition.
7921	Filters items based on a given function.
7922	`takewhile` method filters items from a collection based on a given condition.
7923	`dropwhile` method filters out elements from a collection based on a condition.
7924	Combines elements from multiple collections into a new collection.
7925	`find` method returns a wrapped node using `operator.methodcaller` with provided arguments.
7926	Returns a list of paths to the IACA executable based on the operating system.
7927	Iterates over groups in a string, yielding characters or sequences of characters.
7928	This function recursively splits a string into groups or characters, yielding each character followed by the result of recursively processing the remaining part of the string.
7929	Convert a tuple of event details into a string.
7930	This function takes a list of events, eliminates duplicates, and organizes them into runs based on the number of registers they use.
7931	Summarize the code method to output a report with performance metrics and bottlenecks.
7932	Summarize the code method to output a report with CPU and memory bottlenecks, including arithmetic intensity and peak bandwidth.
7933	Prints detailed layer condition information to the specified output file.
7934	This function cleans code by removing comments, macros, and pragmas.
7935	Rounds a number to the nearest multiple of a given base.
7936	This function takes a list of indices, a block size, and an optional initial boundary, then returns a sorted list of block indices.
7937	Updates cache access statistics.
7938	Calculates the number of cycles for memory transfers based on the machine's cache hierarchy and bandwidth.
7939	Calculates and returns the sum of flops per iteration.
7940	Analyzes IACA analysis results, normalizes to cacheline elements, and calculates throughput and other relevant information.
7941	Strips comments and whitespaces from a list of assembly lines.
7942	Strips unreferenced labels from assembly code.
7943	Selects the best block based on certain criteria, including packed instructions, operations, AVX instructions, and ZMM, YMM, and XMM.
7944	This function prompts the user to input a store pointer increment, converts it to an integer, and stores it in the block dictionary.
7945	User selects a block from a list of blocks, optionally with a default block, and returns the selected block.
7946	Inserts markers at specified lines in a list of assembly lines.
7947	This function instruments an assembly file by inserting markers at specified lines, handling block selection and pointer increment.
7948	The code defines a main function that sets up an argument parser for analyzing assembly files using the IACA tool. It allows the user to specify the input file, output file, and whether to perform debugging. The `pointer_increment` argument is set to 1, which is a default value and does not require user input.
7949	Simulates a model with given kernel, model, constants, blocking constant, and blocking length, and returns the sum of cycle counts.
7950	This function generates a sequence of numbers based on the given parameters, with optional logarithmic scaling and endpoint control.
7951	This function finds the last modified datetime of all files in a given directory.
7952	Checks if `args.asm_block` is either 'auto' or 'manual', and if not, attempts to convert it to an integer. If conversion fails, it raises an error. Sets the default unit based on the performance model requested.
7953	Summarize the code method in one line.
7954	This Python script merges multiple pickle files into a single one, ensuring that only dictionaries are handled.
7955	`symbol_pos_int` creates a symbolic variable with specified properties.
7956	Transforms multidimensional array declaration into a 1D declaration.
7957	Transforms a multidimensional array reference into a 1D reference by recursively applying dimension multiplication and addition.
7958	Recursively finds nodes of a specific type in an AST.
7959	Wraps a function to return a list if its return value is not iterable.
7960	Check if all variable datatypes are the same within a kernel.
7961	Sets a constant in the dictionary `self.constants` with the given name and value.
7962	Substitutes constants in an expression.
7963	This method calculates the sizes of variables in a program, optionally converting them to bytes and applying substitutions for constants.
7964	Calculates the relative offset for an array access based on the given dimensions and access type.
7965	This method updates the `destinations` and `sources` dictionaries by converting the lists of access control sets (acs) for each variable into sets.
7966	Calculates the total length of iterations based on the loop stack.
7967	Iterate over loop stack, yield dictionary with index, start, stop, increment, applying subs_consts if specified.
7968	This method takes two boolean parameters, `sources` and `destinations`, and returns a list of lists of free symbols from the expressions in the sources and destinations.
7969	Compiles sympy accesses for variables based on sources and destinations.
7970	Compiles relative distances for sympy accesses.
7971	Convert global iteration count to loop counters.
7972	Calculates the total length of a loop based on the loop stack.
7973	Convert indices to global iterator.
7974	Returns a global iterator for the maximum global iteration.
7975	Summarizes kernel information, data sources, destinations, and FLOPs in a formatted table.
7976	Prints a table of variable names and their types and sizes to the specified output file.
7977	Prints a table of constant names and their values to the specified output file.
7978	Prints the kernel code to the specified output file.
7979	Converts a C AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) to a SymPy expression.
7980	This method converts an array reference into a tuple of symbolic indices using SymPy.
7981	Extracts the base name from an array reference or string.
7982	This method determines the type of loop indices in a C code structure.
7983	Builds a list of constant declarations based on the constants in the object.
7984	Extracts array declarations from a kernel AST.
7985	Extracts a list of for loops, pragmas, and function calls from a kernel AST.
7986	Transforms array declarations from kernel AST to C code.
7987	Finds the innermost loop in a nested loop structure.
7988	Transforms kernel loops into 1D references and assigns random floats to them.
7989	Build a conditional statement with dummy function calls based on the kernel AST.
7990	Generates a function declaration for a kernel with specified parameters and return type.
7991	This method builds scalar declarations from a kernel AST, adding random initial values if specified.
7992	This method generates C code for a kernel based on its AST, handling OpenMP parallelization and array references.
7993	Build a function call with a specific name and arguments.
7994	This method generates C code from a template and a kernel description, handling file I/O and AST manipulation.
7995	This method compiles an assembly block, instruments it with IACA (Instruction-Level Analysis), and analyzes the instrumented binary.
7996	Compiles a kernel object and executable with specified flags and environment variables.
7997	Convert string to sympy expression with integer symbols
7998	Returns the identifier based on the path or SHA-256 hash of the data.
7999	Returns the last modified datetime of the file or current datetime if path is not provided.
8000	This function initializes a cache simulator with a dictionary of cache configurations based on the memory hierarchy. It scales the size of shared caches based on the number of cores.
8001	This method calculates the bandwidth for a given cache level, considering read and write streams, threads per core, and memory hierarchy. It uses a kernel information dictionary to find the best fitting kernel based on the read/write ratio. The bandwidth is then calculated based on the kernel's read and write streams, and the memory hierarchy.
8002	The method `get_compiler` retrieves the compiler and flags from the machine description file, handling default values and ensuring the compiler is found in the system's PATH.
8003	This function parses a performance counter event string into a tuple of event name and parameters.
8004	This method iterates through a list of ranges, merging overlapping ranges.
8005	Returns the absolute path to the headers directory.
8006	Aligns iteration with cache boundary based on write or read increments.
8007	Calculates load counts for each cache level.
8008	Calculates the hit rate for each cache level in the memory hierarchy.
8009	Calculate miss rates for each cache level.
8010	Calculates the number of stores for each cache level.
8011	Calculates the eviction count for each cache level in the machine's memory hierarchy.
8012	This method generates a dictionary containing memory hierarchy information, including statistics and line counts for each cache level.
8013	Modifies environment variable `name` to `value` if `value` is not None, otherwise removes it. Restores original value on exception.
8014	Configures argument groups for benchmarking with options to disable the phenomenological ECM model, specify the number of iterations, and ignore warnings.
8015	Summarize the code method to output detailed performance metrics and a phenomenological ECM model.
8016	Convert Markdown to reStructuredText for PyPI.
8017	Schedules a retry with specified countdown and maximum attempts based on configuration.
8018	Build a purchase item with details from course data and additional variables.
8019	Attempts to record a purchase in Sailthru, logging errors and returning False on failure.
8020	This method fetches course content from Sailthru or an ecommerce API, caches the result, and returns it.
8021	Retrieves course content from an ecommerce API, handling exceptions and returning a dictionary with course title and verification deadline.
8022	Updates user's unenrolled courses in Sailthru based on provided email and course URL.
8023	This method sends a course refund email using Sailthru, logging errors and retrying if necessary.
8024	Sends an offer assignment notification email using Sailthru client, logging errors and scheduling retries if necessary.
8025	This function configures a logging system with various handlers and formatters based on input parameters.
8026	Handles order fulfillment retries with logging and countdown.
8027	This method fulfills an order by making a request to an e-commerce API, handling potential errors, and retrying if necessary.
8028	This function retrieves and returns a Sailthru client instance based on the provided site code, ensuring that the Sailthru integration is enabled and that the necessary keys and secrets are configured.
8029	This method retrieves a value from a dictionary, handling expired keys by cleaning them out.
8030	Sets a key-value pair in the cache with a specified duration.
8031	This function retrieves a configuration value from a module, applying site-specific overrides if available.
8032	This function retrieves the value of an environment variable named `variable` and raises an `EnvironmentError` if the variable is not set.
8033	Returns the value associated with the highest version number in the dictionary.
8034	Checks if Energy Plus is installed and returns the most recent version.
8035	Creates a dictionary mapping file references to `FileInfo` objects.
8036	This method populates a framework with data from a JSON object, handling inert records, activating hooks, links, and external files.
8037	Extracts external files from tables in a database.
8038	Sets default values for each row in each table.
8039	This method prepares an extensible field descriptor by identifying the cycle length, cycle start, and patterns, detaching unnecessary field descriptors, and storing the cycle information.
8040	Extracts the extended name from an object's field descriptor based on the index and cycle information.
8041	This method creates a dictionary mapping naive short references to their corresponding references, handling duplicates by appending a number to the end of the reference.
8042	This method finds a value in a DataFrame based on a filter criterion.
8043	Updates a value in a table, handling various types of objects and unregistering previous links, hooks, and external files.
8044	Updates a record in the database, handling data, hooks, links, and external files.
8045	Updates the object's default values based on field descriptors.
8046	Extends a record by adding fields.
8047	Removes an element from a list, optionally at a specified index, and returns the removed element.
8048	Inserts a value at a specified index in a list, removing any extensible fields first.
8049	Unregisters links, hooks, external files, removes record from table without unregistering, makes stale.
8050	Registers a hook for a record, raising an error if a reference key already exists.
8051	Registers a link with a target based on hook references and field descriptors.
8052	Compiles a regex pattern from a line and intent name, logging a warning if parsing fails.
8053	Calculates the remaining duration between the start and end times, ensuring the result is non-negative.
8054	Convert event attributes to JSON format.
8055	This function sends an HTTP request to the specified URL with optional post data, handling SSL verification and authentication.
8056	This function retrieves a list of active service endpoints based on the provided service type.
8057	Tries to create a directory, raises an error if it already exists.
8058	Configures a service by fetching its endpoint from a configuration dictionary.
8059	Registers a CA with the Matterhorn core, silently if in backup mode.
8060	Updates recording state silently in the background if in backup mode.
8061	Updates the status of a recorded event in the database.
8062	Updates agent state based on service statuses.
8063	The function `configuration_file` checks if a configuration file is provided. If not, it probes for the configuration file location and returns the path.
8064	Updates configuration file, validates it, checks for matching lists, logs warnings, and returns the configuration object.
8065	Checks server configuration for insecure HTTPS and missing certificate, logs warning if insecure, opens certificate file if present, logs info if agent runs in backup mode.
8066	Initializes logging with handlers for syslog, stderr, and file, sets formatter and level.
8067	This function retrieves and displays preview images, recording limits, and service statuses for a home page.
8068	This function serves an image from a specified directory based on the image ID, handling errors gracefully.
8069	Runs all modules in parallel.
8070	This function parses an iCalendar (ICAL) string into a list of dictionaries, each representing an event with its properties and attachments.
8071	This function retrieves a schedule from a calendar service, parses it, and stores upcoming events in a database.
8072	This method controls a schedule service by setting its status, notifying about the service's readiness, and managing the service's lifecycle.
8073	This method controls an agent's state, updating it every `update_frequency` seconds until terminated.
8074	Generates an error response with a specified status and error message.
8075	Convert data to JSON and return a response with the JSON content and status.
8076	This function returns a JSON response containing the internal state of services.
8077	This function retrieves upcoming and recorded events from a database, serializes them, and returns them as a response.
8078	This function retrieves an event by its UID from a database and returns its serialized data if found, or an error response if no event is found.
8079	Deletes an event from the database and optionally deletes its files.
8080	Modifies an event in the database based on the provided JSON data.
8081	Extracts configuration parameters and workflow definition from a string.
8082	This method updates the ingest status, creates a mediapackage, adds DublinCore catalogs, tracks, and ingests the recording.
8083	Start recording, add event to database, create directory, set state, record tracks, update state, set service status.
8084	This method renders HTML, JavaScript, and CSS into a fragment for a web request.
8085	Returns a list of resources not yet seen in the set.
8086	Convert object to dictionary with specific fields.
8087	Creates a new instance of a class with content, resources, and initialization functions from a dictionary.
8088	Adds content to the object's content attribute.
8089	Adds a resource to the collection with specified text, MIME type, and placement.
8090	Adds a resource URL to the collection with optional placement.
8091	Initializes JavaScript function and version with optional JSON arguments.
8092	Convert resources to HTML based on placement.
8093	Convert resource to HTML based on mimetype and kind.
8094	This method handles rendering a fragment based on the request format and returns a JSON response if the format is 'json' or if the 'WEB_FRAGMENT_RESPONSE_TYPE' is in the HTTP_ACCEPT header. Otherwise, it renders the fragment as a standalone response.
8095	This method renders a standalone response from a given request and fragment, returning a 204 status code if the fragment is None.
8096	Convert a fragment to standalone HTML.
8097	This function calculates the False Discovery Rate (FDR) for a set of p-values and a lambda value, then outputs a DataFrame with various statistics.
8098	Convert input values to a one-dimensional array, optionally converting to a specified type.
8099	This function takes a list of scores and an error DataFrame, finds the nearest matches in the error DataFrame, and returns the corresponding p-values, s-values, Pep values, and q-values.
8100	This function computes the posterior probabilities for each transition group (chromatogram) in an experiment, using a null hypothesis and a prior probability.
8101	This function generates a new dataframe by sampling cutoff values from the input dataframe and finding the corresponding rows in the input dataframe.
8102	This function takes a DataFrame `df` and a list of qvalues, finds the best matching rows in `df` for each qvalue, and returns a new DataFrame with the best matching rows and their corresponding qvalues.
8103	This function computes error statistics for a given set of target and decoy scores, including p-values, q-values, and other metrics. It also computes the PEP (Positive Error Rate) if requested.
8104	Calculates the cutoff for error statistics based on the given parameters.
8105	This code method performs a machine learning task using XGBoost, either for classification or weight application, based on the provided parameters and input/output files.
8106	This function reads a file, infers peptide forms, and writes the results to an output file.
8107	Summarize the code method in one line: It reads a file, infers peptides, and writes the results to an output file.
8108	Summarizes protein function with parameters.
8109	Subsamples the input file to the specified ratio and writes the result to the output file.
8110	Reduces input file to output file using `reduce_osw` function.
8111	Backpropagate scores from input to output file.
8112	Filters mass files based on specified thresholds.
8113	This method retrieves a group by its ID from a specified API endpoint, validates the group ID, fetches the group data, and returns the group object.
8114	Creates a group with the given ID and data, returning the group object.
8115	Deletes a group by its ID.
8116	This method retrieves members from a specified group using an API endpoint.
8117	Updates members in a group by sending a PUT request with JSON data.
8118	Calculates the count of effective members in a group.
8119	Checks if a user is an effective member of a group by making an API request.
8120	Modifies `conf.py` by adding custom extensions and changing the theme.
8121	This method creates a dataset in a group with specified attributes and data, handling sparse data formats and optional parameters.
8122	Decrypts content using AES256CBC if supported, otherwise raises an error.
8123	This method retrieves input from a specified source, handling optional subcommands and skipping them if specified.
8124	This method retrieves the standard output of a command, optionally skipping a sub-command, and returns the standard input if available.
8125	This method retrieves the standard error output of a process, optionally skipping a sub-command, and returns the standard error stream if available.
8126	This method retrieves debug output from a specified path, handling optional sub-commands and skipping them if specified.
8127	This method initializes a subprocess with input from stdin, optionally skipping a subcommand, and handles disk closure callbacks.
8128	This method initializes a subprocess with stdout and handles cleanup, optionally calling a callback when the disk is closed.
8129	This method handles the execution of a command with stderr redirection and optional disk closure callback.
8130	This method initializes a debug session with optional parameters and yields the debug output stream.
8131	This function checks if an account is empty and deletes it if it is.
8132	This function recursively deletes all items in a container until it is empty, handling errors and ignoring 404 errors.
8133	Wraps a function to handle output redirection based on the presence of an `io_manager` and a `file` parameter.
8134	Wraps a function to handle stderr output based on the current context.
8135	Logs an error message to a file.
8136	Print help message to file.
8137	Print usage information to the specified file.
8138	Print version information to the specified file.
8139	Request method not implemented
8140	POST request with optional headers, query, CDN, and body
8141	Deletes an account if the user confirms deletion.
8142	`PUTs container with optional headers, query, CDN, and body.`
8143	`head_object` method sends a HEAD request to the specified object in the given container.
8144	This method retrieves an object from a specified container using the given headers, stream, query, and CDN settings.
8145	This method sends a PUT request to a specified path with the given contents, headers, query parameters, and CDN flag.
8146	Sends a POST request to the specified path with optional body, headers, query, and CDN settings.
8147	Resolves an option from a dictionary or environment variable based on a section and name.
8148	Copies the attributes of the current object to a new CLIContext object.
8149	Writes headers to a file.
8150	This function writes authentication information to a file, including cache path, URL, user, key, tenant, methods, storage path, CDN path, local path, regions, default region, selected region, SNet, storage URL, CDN URL, and auth token. If no authentication information is available, it appends a message indicating that credentials were not provided.
8151	Generates a temporary URL for accessing a resource with specified expiration time and HMAC signature.
8152	Converts a value to a URL-encoded string.
8153	This function processes a command-line interface (CLI) request to list objects in a container or account, handling pagination and concurrency.
8154	This method retrieves a client from a queue, creating a new one if none is available.
8155	Encrypts data using AES-256-CBC with a given key and input stream.
8156	Decrypts an AES-256-CBC encrypted stream from `stdin` using the provided key.
8157	This function recursively uploads a directory structure to a container, setting appropriate headers and concurrency settings.
8158	This method handles the PUT request to create or update an account on a CDN service, reading input from a file or standard input, and returning the status and reason of the operation.
8159	This method handles the PUT request to upload a container to a server using the provided context and path. It checks for the presence of a body and handles different input types. It also manages the client connection and response status.
8160	This method generates a manifest body for an object upload, handling both static and dynamic segments, and sets appropriate headers for the upload.
8161	Creates a new context, sets headers, and uploads a container.
8162	Generates a temporary URL for a file in a container or account.
8163	Writes a message to a file with transaction details.
8164	This function processes command-line arguments, handling specific commands like 'for' by renaming it to 'fordo', and printing help messages based on the provided command name.
8165	Checks if the buffer is empty.
8166	Encrypts data using AES256CBC and writes the result to the standard output.
8167	Fetches the status of a repository using the provided URL and returns the response.
8168	Fetches a pull request from a GitHub repository using the provided app and repo configuration. If the request fails, raises an exception with the status code. Otherwise, returns the JSON response.
8169	Returns a generator of pull requests from a GitHub repository.
8170	Updates published status of SliderItemTitle objects in the ORM.
8171	Returns a queryset of slider items based on the request and optional amount.
8172	Generates a list of published slider items based on the request.
8173	Acquires read and write locks, increments reader count, and releases locks.
8174	Decrements the number of active readers and releases the access mutex if no more readers are active.
8175	Acquires two mutexes, then releases the first one.
8176	Adds a task to the registry.
8177	Removes a task from the registry using a write lock.
8178	Retrieves a task by ID, handling exceptions and releasing the read lock.
8179	Sorts tasks by task_id in a thread-safe manner.
8180	Convert class properties to a dictionary.
8181	Convert dictionary to class instance with error handling.
8182	Executes a Perceval job with retries and archiving, handling exceptions and resuming.
8183	Initializes an archive manager with the given path.
8184	This method initializes a job result, processes items, and updates the result with the latest information.
8185	Fetch data from archive if specified, otherwise fetch data from backend.
8186	This function attempts to create an index in an Elasticsearch server, handling exceptions and logging errors.
8187	Creates an Elasticsearch mapping for a given index URL and mapping data.
8188	Convert JSON object to UTF-8 encoded chunks.
8189	This method writes items from an items_generator to a writer every second.
8190	Adds a task to the scheduler with specified parameters.
8191	Removes a task from the scheduler, logging an error if the task does not exist.
8192	This method retrieves and deserializes items from a queue in an atomic transaction using Redis.
8193	Validates task arguments.
8194	This method parses archive arguments, setting the archive path if provided, and returns an `ArchivingTaskConfig` object.
8195	This method performs a job, retrieves its status, and returns the result or None if the job is not finished. It then publishes the job data to a message queue.
8196	Schedules a job with a given task ID, queue ID, and arguments, optionally with a delay, and returns the job ID.
8197	This method cancels a job task by acquiring a write lock, retrieving the task from a dictionary, and then cancelling it if found. It handles exceptions and releases the lock.
8198	Logs a critical error with the traceback when the `run` method catches an exception.
8199	This method listens for messages on a specified channel, processes them, and calls a handler based on the job status.
8200	Start scheduler and listener based on async mode.
8201	Schedules a task for archiving or creation based on configuration.
8202	Removes a task from the registry and cancels the associated job.
8203	Reschedules a job based on its result and scheduling configuration.
8204	Logs an error message indicating that a job failed and was cancelled.
8205	Constructs job arguments for a task, including backend, category, and archiving configurations.
8206	Read a secret file from a specified path or return a default value if the file does not exist.
8207	Registers a view with a router using the view's admin metadata.
8208	Registers a model admin for a given view.
8209	Reverses the action based on the request version.
8210	This method returns the name of a view, possibly with a suffix or respect to a name attribute.
8211	Constructs a version string based on the input version number, handling pre-alpha releases and alpha, beta, and rc releases.
8212	Resolves a key in a cursor, handling aliases and KeyError exceptions.
8213	This function takes a URL scheme, splits it into components, resolves the engine, and returns the engine object.
8214	This function takes a path string, strips any leading or trailing slashes, splits it into parts, and returns the first part as the database and the second part as the schema.
8215	Convert URL to dictionary, convert dictionary to uppercase, return dictionary
8216	This function parses a database URL and returns a `DatabaseInfo` object containing the parsed components.
8217	This method handles user login by validating the request data, logging in the user, and returning the serialized user data.
8218	This method retrieves a user's serializer and returns a response with the serializer's data and HTTP status code.
8219	This method updates a user's password in a Django API, handling validation and session authentication.
8220	Builds a URL field for a model instance.
8221	Convert string to boolean value.
8222	Convert a string to an integer, stripping leading zeros if the string starts with '0'.
8223	Convert type to parser function
8224	This function retrieves settings from the environment, validates them, and returns them as a dictionary.
8225	Convert a model instance to a dictionary, handling fields and named fields.
8226	Encodes a string using Base64 encoding and replaces '+' and '/' with '.' and '-' respectively.
8227	Creates a field object based on the provided field information.
8228	Creates a validator class from a dictionary of field information.
8229	Generates a Cartesian product of dictionaries' values.
8230	This function finds unique parameter entries by hashing their values and storing them in an ordered dictionary. If hashing fails, it sorts the entries in O(N^2) time.
8231	This function modifies logging configuration by removing unnecessary keys, populating log levels, and setting up handlers for multiple loggers.
8232	This function configures logging for a class method, handling both simple and complex logging configurations.
8233	Handles directory creation for a log file.
8234	Extracts strings from Python code.
8235	Modifies log file name by replacing placeholders with actual values from trajectory object.
8236	Sets a logger for the class.
8237	Extracts environment, trajectory, set, and run names from a trajectory object.
8238	Displays progress with a progress bar.
8239	This method checks for filenames in a given string, renames them using a provided function, and updates the parser's argument with the modified string.
8240	Convert a parser to a string using a StringIO object.
8241	This function checks for sections starting with 'multiproc_' in a parser, creates a new parser for each such section, and sets options from the original parser to the new parser.
8242	Convert dictionary keys starting with 'multiproc_' to new keys and add 'version' and 'disable_existing_loggers' if present.
8243	This method configures logging settings based on the provided parameters.
8244	This method parses a log configuration file, renames log files based on environment, trajectory, set, and run names, and returns the parsed parser object.
8245	Convert dictionary configuration to filenames and create directories.
8246	This method configures logging handlers and tools based on the provided configuration settings.
8247	Finalizes all tools, closes configurations, and removes all handlers if specified.
8248	Redirects `stdout` to the current object.
8249	Logs each line of the input buffer to the logger, handling recursion to avoid infinite loops when stderr is redirected to stdout.
8250	Compares two objects for equality, raising an error if both are parameters and not results, and checking for full name and data equality.
8251	This function checks if two objects are equal based on their properties, including their full names, emptiness, value types, equality of values, and range properties.
8252	This function wraps a given function to manage the execution of a run, including starting, running, and finalizing the run based on specified parameters.
8253	Decorates a function to issue a deprecation warning.
8254	This function wraps a function to ensure that two parameters are mutually exclusive.
8255	This function wraps another function, replacing deprecated keyword arguments with new ones.
8256	This function retries a function up to `n` times, logging the success or failure of each attempt.
8257	Defines a class method to prefix attribute access.
8258	This code snippet sets up Brian2 parameters for a network simulation, including voltage and current parameters, and defines the equations for the network dynamics.
8259	Summarize the code method in one line: It initializes a neural network, runs it for 100 ms, discards the first spikes, records membrane voltage for neurons 1-3, and then runs it for another 500 ms, adding Brian2 monitors for spikes and membrane voltage.
8260	Computes Euler Scheme for a given trajectory and differential function.
8261	Adds parameters to a trajectory object for a 3D Lorenz attractor simulation.
8262	Computes the Lorenz system's derivatives.
8263	This function takes a storage service and an optional trajectory, then creates a new storage service instance with the matching parameters and returns the new storage service and any unused parameters.
8264	Creates a storage service based on the given storage service or filename.
8265	This function adds parameters to a trajectory object based on the specified differential equation name.
8266	Computes the derivative of the Roessler system.
8267	Compacts an HDF5 file using `ptrepack` with specified compression options and renames the original file.
8268	Determine if any explored parameters in a trajectory are present in a given group node.
8269	This function builds model equations for a given trajectory by replacing 'POST' and 'PRE' placeholders with actual variable names and calculating normalization factors.
8270	This method checks if the model needs to be built based on the parameters of the trajectory.
8271	Builds the model based on the given trajectory, Brian list, and network dictionary.
8272	This method initializes a Brian simulation model by creating neuron groups for excitatory and inhibitory neurons, setting their parameters, and adding them to a list and dictionary.
8273	The method checks if the pre-build condition is met and builds connections if it is.
8274	Builds connections based on trajectory and Brian list.
8275	Adds parameters to Brian2 trajectory with specific durations and comments.
8276	This function calculates the Fano factor for a specific neuron's spike counts within a given time window.
8277	Computes the mean Fano factor for a list of neurons over a specified time window.
8278	Analyzes the Fano factor for all exc neurons in a given trajectory.
8279	Adds monitors to the network based on the order of the v_annotations.
8280	Adds spike, membrane potential, and synaptic current monitors to the network and dictionary.
8281	Creates a folder for plotting analysis results.
8282	Plotting the result of a trajectory with variables over time.
8283	This method generates spike raster plots and voltage plots for a given trajectory, saving them to specified folders.
8284	This method analyzes a trajectory, adds Brian2MonitorResults for spike times, membrane voltage, and synaptic currents, and optionally plots the results based on parameters.
8285	This function parses command-line arguments to find the batch size.
8286	Explores sigma values for each batch.
8287	Returns the `_vars` attribute if it exists, otherwise initializes it and returns it.
8288	Returns the function if it exists, otherwise creates and returns a new one.
8289	Sets `_name` to the last part of `full_name` if `full_name` is not empty.
8290	Sets the depth, branch, and run branch attributes of the object.
8291	Convert node to message based on store/load status
8292	This method recursively removes a subtree from a tree structure based on a given predicate.
8293	Deletes a node from the tree structure, updating parameters, explored parameters, and other related data structures.
8294	Removes a node or leaf from the tree.
8295	This method recursively removes nodes from a tree structure based on a list of names, handling both groups and leaves.
8296	This method checks if a given name is a shortcut and returns the corresponding wildcard or set wildcard based on the name.
8297	This method adds prefixes to a list of split names based on the current node's depth and group type, potentially including a run-specific prefix.
8298	Determine node type based on start node, first name, and add leaf/link options.
8299	This method adds a new item to a tree structure, handling various conditions such as instance checking, naming, and linking.
8300	This method recursively adds nodes to a tree structure based on split names, creating new groups or instances as needed.
8301	Adds a link between two nodes in a tree structure.
8302	This method checks and validates the names of split names for a given node, ensuring they adhere to certain rules such as not starting with an underscore, not containing non-admissible characters, not using the `$` symbol, not being a Python keyword, and not exceeding the maximum length allowed for HDF5 strings.
8303	This method creates a new group node in a tree structure, handling various types of groups and ensuring they are added to the correct parent node.
8304	This method creates an instance based on the given parameters and updates the details tree node accordingly.
8305	Sets details for a tree node based on parent node, name, and instance.
8306	This method iterates over nodes in a tree structure, applying a predicate to filter nodes based on their run names or indices, and returns a generator of tuples containing the depth, name, and object of each node that passes the predicate.
8307	Iterates over children, leaves, and groups of a node, optionally including links.
8308	This function performs a breadth-first search (BFS) traversal of a tree structure, yielding nodes that meet certain criteria.
8309	Searches for a node with a given key in a tree structure, handling potential duplicates and depth constraints.
8310	Searches for a node in a tree structure, returning the node and its depth if found.
8311	This method performs a backwards search in a graph to find items that start with a given name, considering shortcuts and maximum depth.
8312	Returns the kids node of the current object if it exists, otherwise creates and returns a new one.
8313	Adds a group from storage.
8314	Adds a leaf node to the neural network interface.
8315	This method loads data from a neural network interface, handling exceptions and returning a list of child keys.
8316	Convert a tree structure to a debug tree with annotations, comments, and links.
8317	This method checks if the current node is a root and raises an error if it is. If not, it returns the root node. If the location is empty, it returns the root node. Otherwise, it recursively calls the `f_get` method on the root node with the specified location, using fast access and shortcuts.
8318	Adds a group to the neural network interface.
8319	Adds a link to the current node with the specified name and instance.
8320	Removes a link from the network interface if it exists.
8321	Adds a leaf node to the neural network interface.
8322	Removes the current node from its parent's children list.
8323	Removes a child from the group, raising an error if the child is a group with children and not recursive.
8324	Checks if an item is contained within the instance or a name, considering optional parameters for search string, shortcuts, and maximum depth.
8325	This method attempts to retrieve a default value if the specified name is not found in the storage, otherwise, it returns the value stored under the name.
8326	Returns a copy of the children if `copy` is `True`, otherwise returns the children.
8327	Returns a copy of the groups if `copy` is `True`, otherwise returns the groups.
8328	Returns a copy of the leaves if `copy` is True, otherwise returns the leaves.
8329	Returns a copy of the links if `copy` is `True`, otherwise returns the original links.
8330	Stores a child in the storage service with the specified parameters.
8331	Stores the trajectory in the storage service.
8332	Loads a child node from the neural network interface.
8333	Loads a trajectory from a storage service.
8334	Adds a parameter group to the neural network interface.
8335	Adds a parameter to the neural network interface.
8336	Adds a result group to the neural network interface.
8337	`f_add_result` adds a result to the neural network interface.
8338	Adds a derived parameter group to the neural network interface.
8339	Adds a derived parameter to the neural network interface.
8340	Adds a configuration group to the neural network interface.
8341	Adds a configuration to the neural network interface.
8342	This function evaluates a single individual in a trajectory by adding its individual and fitness to the trajectory, then storing the result.
8343	This function adds commit variables to a trajectory object, including the commit's SHA-1 hash, name-rev, committed date, and message.
8344	This function creates a Git commit for a given environment, trajectory, and user message, handling both new and existing commits based on the user's request.
8345	Flattens a nested dictionary into a single-level dictionary with keys separated by a given separator.
8346	Convert a flat dictionary into a nested dictionary using a specified separator.
8347	Creates a progress bar for a given index and total.
8348	Extracts argument names from a function's signature.
8349	Extracts matching keyword arguments from a function's signature.
8350	Convert timestamp to formatted time string.
8351	This function attempts to bind a TCP socket to a specified port or the default port if none is provided. It handles exceptions and logs errors.
8352	Creates a directory at the specified path, raising an error if the path already exists.
8353	Resets the state of the object with given parameters.
8354	Calculates the remaining time based on the start time and total time, considering backward compatibility for Python 2.6.
8355	Convert dictionary to a copy if specified.
8356	Removes a key from the dictionary, raises AttributeError if key not found.
8357	Convert dictionary to string.
8358	This function updates a result object with a new value, optionally loading a trajectory, and then requests data from a shared data source.
8359	This function creates a shared data object based on the type of the input data and returns the modified result dictionary.
8360	Creates shared data with optional parameters.
8361	Stores data in the storage service.
8362	The method checks if the storage service is open, and if not, it warns and returns the data item.
8363	Checks if an item is supported by the class, considering its type.
8364	Creates shared data based on the provided name or default.
8365	Store the name of the current process in `traj.last_process_name` and store the result in `traj.results.f_store` with `store_data = 3`.
8366	Locks a resource with a given name and client ID, returning a response based on the lock status.
8367	Sends shutdown signal to the server.
8368	Finalizes the context and socket, setting them to `None`.
8369	Starts the client with optional test connection.
8370	This method handles request-rep communication with retries, logging, and error handling.
8371	This method attempts to acquire a lock by repeatedly sending a request to a server until it succeeds or times out. If the server responds with an error, it retries the request. If the server responds with a wait message, it waits for a specified amount of time before retrying. If the server responds with a message that is not understood, it raises a runtime error.
8372	This method listens for incoming messages, processes them, and manages a queue of data.
8373	This method starts a connection, sends data, and waits for a response until the data is available.
8374	Detects fork and restarts connection if necessary.
8375	Handles data processing and storage based on message types and arguments.
8376	This method runs a loop to receive and handle data, stopping when a specific condition is met, and then closes a file and resets the trajectory name.
8377	Receives data from a queue, handling task completion if applicable.
8378	This method continuously reads data from a connection and appends it to a buffer until the buffer reaches its maximum size, then returns the oldest data from the buffer.
8379	Stores data in a storage service with optional locking.
8380	Stores a message and its associated data in a dictionary.
8381	Stores references in the storage service with a specific name.
8382	This code defines a function `parse_config` that takes an initialization function `init_func` as an argument. It wraps `init_func` using `functools.wraps` to preserve its metadata. The function then creates a `ConfigInterpreter` object with the keyword arguments from the input function. It passes these keyword arguments to the `init_func` and adds additional parameters and config data from the `.ini` file. Finally, it returns the modified `init_func`.
8383	Collects section options as keyword arguments.
8384	Collects configuration from specified sections.
8385	The method interprets configuration settings, prioritizing new settings over those in an ini file, and setting up logging if specified.
8386	This method adds parameters and configurations to a trajectory object based on configuration files.
8387	Convert a rule number to a binary array.
8388	This function creates an initial state based on the given name and number of cells, with optional seed for reproducibility.
8389	Plots a cellular automaton pattern with a specified rule number and saves the plot to a file.
8390	Computes a cellular automaton pattern for a given initial state, rule number, and number of steps.
8391	This code computes all cellular automaton patterns for given rules and initial states, saves them to disk, and plots them.
8392	Updates node count, logs message, updates last time.
8393	Returns the first group from the overview list if it doesn't exist.
8394	Handles loading data based on message type.
8395	Stores data based on message type.
8396	This method iterates over an iterable, extracting the first two elements as a message and an item, and then processes the remaining elements as arguments and keyword arguments. If more than four elements are provided, it raises a runtime error.
8397	This method initializes attributes from a HDF5 file, handling missing attributes by logging a debug message and using default values. It also checks for duplicate comments and raises an error if purging is enabled but summary tables are disabled.
8398	Store items from an iterable with optional arguments and keyword arguments.
8399	Closes HDF5 file if not already closed and handles errors gracefully.
8400	Extracts file information from keyword arguments.
8401	Stores a backup of a trajectory in a specified HDF5 file.
8402	Convert a list of column names and a row into a dictionary.
8403	This method prepares and merges a trajectory by updating meta information, storing extended parameters, filling the run table, and summarizing explored parameters.
8404	This method loads metadata and run information from a trajectory file, including version, Python version, and run details, and stores them in the trajectory object.
8405	This method recursively loads data from an HDF5 file into a PyPet trajectory node, handling nested branches and recursive loading.
8406	Checks and handles version mismatches in trajectory loading based on current Python version.
8407	This method updates a run table with information from a trajectory, handling updates and discarding completed runs.
8408	This method iterates through an exploration table, updating the `traj._explored_parameters` dictionary with the names of parameters found in the exploration table.
8409	This method stores exploration parameters in an HDF5 file, creating a table named 'explorations' if it doesn't already exist. It handles the creation of the table, appending rows, and flushing the changes.
8410	This method creates tables for different types of data in a peteet environment, including configuration, parameters, explored parameters, derived parameters, and results, based on the provided tables to make and the trajectory object.
8411	Stores a trajectory in a HDF5 file, handling metadata and recursive storage of child elements.
8412	Stores a sub-branch of a trajectory node in a HDF5 file.
8413	Creates a leaf instance from a given name, trajectory, and HDF5 group.
8414	This method recursively loads nodes from a HDF5 group using depth-first search, handling soft links and creating new instances based on attributes.
8415	This function recursively stores nodes in a tree structure, handling links, parameters, and groups, with options for maximum depth and recursion.
8416	This method adds or modifies a row in a table based on the provided flags and additional information.
8417	Creates a table in the HDF5 file if it does not exist, with optional expected rows and filters.
8418	This method retrieves a node from an HDF5 file based on a given name by replacing dots with slashes and constructing a path.
8419	This method sets attributes for a given data object, including its type and whether it's a list, tuple, array, matrix, or dictionary.
8420	Convert data from HDF5 attributes to PyTables format, handling different data types and structures.
8421	This method modifies or adds rows in a table based on the provided flags and conditions.
8422	Inserts values from a dictionary into a row, logging warnings for missing keys.
8423	This method constructs a dictionary with various attributes of an item, including length, comment, location, name, class name, value, hash, index, time, timestamp, range, array, version, Python version, and finish timestamp.
8424	Truncates long strings to a specified length and logs the truncation.
8425	Creates or retrieves a group in an HDF5 file.
8426	This method recursively creates or retrieves groups in an HDF5 file based on a given key.
8427	This method stores annotations for a given item in a HDF5 file, handling overwrite and skipping existing annotations.
8428	This method loads annotations from a node into an item with annotations, ensuring that the annotations are not overwritten if they are already present.
8429	Stores a trajectory group in HDF5 format, skipping if already stored, and recursively stores its children.
8430	This method recursively loads nodes from a trajectory group, handling data loading, annotations, and comments.
8431	Loads annotations and comment from HDF5 group.
8432	This function extracts missing flags from a dictionary based on a given dictionary of flags. It iterates over the input dictionary, checks if a key is not present in the flags dictionary, and then determines the appropriate flag based on the data type of the value. If the data type is an array or a dictionary, it is stored as an array; otherwise, it is stored as a type flag. If the data type is not recognized, it raises a `NoSuchServiceError`.
8433	This method checks if a comment is stored in an overview table and adds it if not.
8434	This method adds metadata to a group in a HDF5 file, including comments, class name, and whether the node is a leaf. It also updates an overview table with the stored parameter or result.
8435	This method stores data from a dictionary into an HDF5 group based on specified flags.
8436	Stores a parameter or result in a specified location based on the provided settings.
8437	Handles writing data to a shared array in HDF5 storage.
8438	This method writes a shared table to an HDF5 file, populating it with data from a first row and optional filters.
8439	This method checks if a key already exists in a group, raises an error if it does, and then appends data to a dictionary stored in a group. It converts the dictionary to an object table, stores it, and sets attributes for the new table.
8440	Appends pandas data to HDF5 file with optional overwrite and append options.
8441	This method creates a new HDF5 array based on the specified flag and data, handling existing arrays and filters.
8442	This method writes data into an HDF5 array, handling various data types and ensuring that arrays with the same key are not overwritten.
8443	Deletes a link in the HDF5 file based on the provided link name.
8444	This method deletes a parameter, result, or group from an HDF5 file, handling recursive removal and removing specific items from an instance if specified.
8445	This method writes data into a PyTables table, handling splitting and storing data types for optimization.
8446	Converts lists and tuples to numpy arrays and builds a pytables table description.
8447	Convert column data to appropriate PyTables column type based on its type and shape.
8448	Calculates the maximum length of strings in a list, considering nested arrays and returns a slightly larger value.
8449	This method recursively loads data from an HDF5 group into a dictionary based on specified load criteria and flags.
8450	Convert ObjectTable to dictionary of lists, then to normal dictionary.
8451	Read shared data from HDF5 storage service.
8452	This method reads a table or group from an HDF5 storage service, extracts data types, and constructs an ObjectTable with the data.
8453	Handles reading an array from a storage service, recalling native types, and logging errors.
8454	Loads a trajectory from a specified name or index, optionally loading parameters, derived parameters, results, and other data.
8455	Convert index to set index, format set name based on index.
8456	Sets a property on the object with a prefixed 'v_' if not already present.
8457	Extends the `_dynamic_imports` list with the provided dynamic imports.
8458	Sets `_crun` based on `name_or_idx` or restores default if invalid.
8459	Iterates over the trajectory, yields the index or name of the run at each step.
8460	This method checks if the trajectory is already stored and raises an error if so. It then iterates over the explored parameters, unlocks them, and attempts to shrink each one. If an exception occurs during shrinking, it logs the error and clears the explored parameters and run information. Finally, it adds a new run information entry and tests the addition of a new run.
8461	Adds a parameter to the trajectory if it doesn't already exist.
8462	`f_preset_parameter` sets a parameter with a prefix if it doesn't already have one.
8463	This method checks if there are any parameters that were supposed to replace default values but were never tried to add default values with these names, and raises an error if so. It then locks the parameters and derived parameters.
8464	This method iterates over runs, retrieves values, and organizes them into a dictionary.
8465	Checks if all run information is completed.
8466	Removes explored parameters from disk.
8467	Copies the skeleton and adds leaves and groups to a trajectory.
8468	This method explores a trajectory by iterating over a dictionary of build iterables, unlocking parameters, exploring them, and handling exceptions.
8469	Updates run information and adds the index to the updated run information set.
8470	Adds run information to the `_run_information` dictionary.
8471	Locks all non-empty parameters.
8472	Locks all derived parameters.
8473	Finalizes the object's state, setting `_is_run` to `False`, clearing the run state, and optionally storing metadata.
8474	Loads skeleton data into the current session.
8475	Loads a trajectory with specified parameters and options.
8476	Stores a backup of the trajectory in the storage service.
8477	Creates reversed wildcards for a given function.
8478	Merges multiple trajectories into the current one, logging progress and storing data to disk.
8479	Merges runs from another trajectory into the current trajectory based on provided indices.
8480	This method takes a full name, splits it into parts, and replaces parts that match wildcard patterns in another trajectory with new run indices.
8481	This method merges derived parameters from another trajectory, handling renamings and ignoring specified data.
8482	Merges potential links between two trajectories, ignoring links linking to run name dummys and ignoring links under run name dummys.
8483	Merges git, environment, and merge configurations from another trajectory.
8484	This method merges two trajectories, renaming keys and loading items, handling exceptions and annotations.
8485	Merges results from another trajectory, applying renaming and filtering based on allowed translations and ignore data.
8486	This method migrates an object's name and storage service, handling optional parameters and raising an error if unused arguments are provided.
8487	Stores data in the storage service based on the current run status and the specified parameters.
8488	Restores default values for explored parameters.
8489	Sets parameter access indices for explored parameters.
8490	Initialize and set the run state to True.
8491	Returns a list of run names sorted by index if `sort` is True, otherwise returns a list of run names.
8492	This method retrieves run information from an object, handling both named and indexed access, with optional deep copying.
8493	This function finds the indices of elements in a list that satisfy a given predicate.
8494	Starts a run with the given name or index, setting the run started flag and making a single run if specified.
8495	Finalizes the run, cleaning up and storing metadata if specified.
8496	Sets the start time and formatted time in a dictionary based on the current timestamp and environment hash.
8497	Updates run information with timestamp, summary, completion status, and runtime.
8498	Constructs an instance of a class based on its constructor's `KNOWS_TRAJECTORY` attribute.
8499	This function returns a dictionary with the same keys and values as the input dictionary, but with the option to copy the dictionary or use fast access.
8500	Finalizes the run by marking it as completed and removing children from nodes.
8501	Returns a dictionary of configuration settings.
8502	Returns a dictionary of results based on the provided parameters.
8503	Stores items in the storage service if fetched successfully.
8504	The method `f_load_items` checks if the trajectory has been stored, fetches items from a neural network interface, and loads them into a storage service if successful.
8505	Removes items from a storage service based on a given iterator.
8506	This method deletes links from a trajectory based on a list of link names.
8507	Removes all children recursively, raising an error if not recursive.
8508	Removes items from a trajectory based on provided arguments.
8509	This function initializes a storage service for a trajectory based on the wrap mode and returns a signal handling function.
8510	This function takes keyword arguments, removes one, freezes the remaining, updates them with the original, and then sets a run index.
8511	Configures the pool with storage service, niceness, and logging settings based on the provided keyword arguments.
8512	Configures frozen pool, niceness, logging, and resets full copy.
8513	Processes a single run with logging and niceness configuration, then puts the result in a queue.
8514	Configures frozen scoop data and handles old scoop revision deletion.
8515	This function attempts to run a single task using the `scoop` library, handling exceptions and logging appropriately.
8516	Configures logging system based on provided kwargs, extracting replacements from trajectory if specified, and setting up logging handlers and tools.
8517	Configures niceness of the current process based on input parameters.
8518	Handles graceful exit on SIGINT in a single run.
8519	Runs a single run of a trajectory using the provided function and arguments.
8520	Handles logging and graceful exit for a listener.
8521	Loads a class from a string representation.
8522	This function dynamically creates a class based on the provided class name and dynamic imports.
8523	Returns the length of the range if it exists, otherwise raises an error.
8524	Convert a function value to a string, handling exceptions and restoring the lock state.
8525	Checks if two values are equal based on their types and supports.
8526	Returns a copy of the explored range if `copy` is True, otherwise returns the original range.
8527	The method `_explore` checks if the parameter is locked, has a range, or has no default value, then performs data sanity checks, sets the explored range and data, and locks the parameter.
8528	Expands parameter data based on exploration iterable, raising exceptions if locked or not an array.
8529	This method checks the type and value of each element in an iterable, raising exceptions if any checks fail.
8530	Stores data and explored range in a dictionary.
8531	This method loads parameter data from a dictionary, handling locking and logging based on the presence of data.
8532	This method loads data into an array parameter, handling locking and error checking.
8533	Compares two matrices for equality by serializing them and comparing their hash values.
8534	Checks if the input data is a sparse matrix in CSC, CSR, BSR, or DIA format.
8535	Convert sparse matrix to list of arrays and names, hashable.
8536	Construct a tuple of names based on a list of names and their indices.
8537	Constructs a sparse matrix based on the given format and data.
8538	This method loads data into a sparse parameter, handling locking, name renaming, and exploration.
8539	Stores data and explored data in a dictionary, using pickle for serialization.
8540	This method loads parameter data from a dictionary, handling locking, data loading, protocol version, and exploration.
8541	Translates an integer key to a string with an optional index.
8542	Convert dictionary values to string and format them for HDF5 storage.
8543	Convert the data to a dictionary.
8544	Sets positional and keyword arguments based on the object's name.
8545	This method retrieves data from a dictionary based on provided keys, handling cases where the dictionary contains multiple entries or is empty.
8546	Modifies existing stored result if supported, otherwise raises TypeError.
8547	Checks if the item is supported by the class.
8548	Stores data in a dictionary with specific keys and values based on the type of the data.
8549	This method loads data from a dictionary, renames keys, reconstructs a matrix, and stores the result in the `_data` dictionary.
8550	Modifies the stored data with a new item under a specified name.
8551	Stores data in a dictionary using pickle serialization.
8552	Loads data from a dictionary using pickle protocol.
8553	Merges all files in the current directory, keeping only one trajectory.
8554	Uploads a file to a remote server using SFTP.
8555	Downloads a file from an SFTP server to the current working directory.
8556	Creates a saga session with user credentials.
8557	This code snippet creates a job in a saga session, runs it, and waits for its completion.
8558	Starts multiple jobs on a remote server using the Saga job service.
8559	The function `multiply` takes a trajectory object `traj`, calculates the product of its `x` and `y` attributes, and then adds a new field `z` to the trajectory with the calculated value and a comment.
8560	This code simulates the development of a neuron's membrane potential over time and counts the number of spikes.
8561	This method creates a pandas DataFrame to store firing rates based on neuron parameters and adds it to a trajectory.
8562	Adds parameters to a simulation trajectory.
8563	Adds exploration of I and tau_ref to the trajectory.
8564	Executes network pre-run operations.
8565	Executes network run with optional pre-run.
8566	This method extracts subruns from a trajectory based on their order, ensuring they are unique and sorted.
8567	Executes a network run by adding components, running the network, and analyzing results.
8568	Adds parameters to components, analysers, and runner.
8569	Runs the pre-run network simulation.
8570	Runs the network with the given trajectory.
8571	Constructs a network object, runs the simulation, logs success.
8572	Generates a filename from a trajectory's explored parameters.
8573	Iterates through a chain of iterators, returning the next element until the end of the chain is reached.
8574	Merges all HDF5 files in a specified folder, optionally ignoring data, moving data, deleting other files, keeping information, and merging configurations.
8575	Handles SIGINT by prompting and raising KeyboardInterrupt if hit, otherwise sets hit and writes a message to stderr.
8576	Configures or reads configuration from a file.
8577	Request Ecobee PIN and handle errors.
8578	This method attempts to request tokens from the Ecobee API using a POST request with specific parameters. It handles exceptions and logs errors if the request fails. If the request is successful, it extracts the access token and refresh token from the JSON response and writes them to a file. If the request fails, it logs a warning with the status code.
8579	Refreshes tokens by making a POST request to the Ecobee API. If successful, updates access and refresh tokens and writes them to a file. If not, requests a new PIN.
8580	Fetches and returns a list of thermostats from the Ecobee API.
8581	Writes tokens to a file based on configuration settings.
8582	Sets HVAC mode for a thermostat.
8583	Sets the fan minimum on time for a specified thermostat.
8584	Sets hold temperature for a thermostat.
8585	Sets climate hold for a thermostat.
8586	Deletes a vacation by making a request to the API.
8587	Resumes a program for a specific thermostat identified by its index.
8588	Sends a message to a thermostat using the provided index and message.
8589	Sets humidity level for a thermostat.
8590	Generates a random delay and logs the delay and the time when SELECTING will happen.
8591	Generates a timeout value based on the number of attempts, adding a random offset.
8592	Generates a timeout request renewal for a lease, adjusting the time left based on the percentage of time left until the lease is due to be renewed. If the time left is less than 60 seconds, it sets the time left to 60 seconds. Logs a debug message indicating the next request will happen on the future date and time. Returns the adjusted time left.
8593	Generates a new lease time based on the elapsed time and the lease duration, adjusting for a random fuzz factor.
8594	Extracts dictionary items where keys are in FSM_ATTRS.
8595	Resets DHCP client attributes and initializes the client with specified parameters.
8596	This method retrieves the timeout duration for a given state and function from a dictionary, logging the timeout if found.
8597	Sets a new timeout for a given state and function.
8598	Sends a discover packet and handles retries.
8599	Selects the first offer from the list and handles it.
8600	This method sends a DHCP request to a server, updates the FSM state, and sets a timeout based on the current state.
8601	Sets timers for lease renewal and rebinding.
8602	Handles received ACK packet, processes it, logs errors, and returns True if successful, otherwise returns False.
8603	Determines if a received DHCPNAK is valid.
8604	Initialize state, reset variables, set timeouts based on current state.
8605	This method logs the state change from `self.current_state` to `STATE_BOUND`, updates the current state, and performs actions based on the script. If the script is not None, it initializes and runs the script. If setting the network fails, it logs an error.
8606	Updates the state to RENEWING, initializes the script if available, and starts the script or sets the network if no script is provided.
8607	Rebinds the script and sets the state to REBINDING.
8608	Ends the current state, initializes the script if available, and returns.
8609	Handles error state, initializes script, goes to error state, sets network, and raises initialization error.
8610	This method checks for various conditions and raises appropriate exceptions based on the state of the system.
8611	Logs timeout and error conditions based on request attempts.
8612	Logs debug messages and raises exceptions based on request attempts.
8613	Timeout request rebinding with logging and error handling.
8614	This method processes an offer packet, appending it to a list of offers if it's valid, and raises a request if the list exceeds a maximum number of offers.
8615	The method checks if an ACK is received in the REQUESTING state and raises the BOUND exception if it is.
8616	The method checks for a NAK request in the REQUESTING state and raises INIT if a NAK is received.
8617	The method checks for an ACK in the RENEWING state and raises the BOUND exception if found.
8618	The method checks for a NAK in the RENEWING state and raises INIT if a NAK is received.
8619	The method `receive_ack_rebinding` checks if an ACK is received and raises the `BOUND` exception if it is.
8620	The method `receive_nak_rebinding` processes a NAK packet in the RENEWING state, logging debug information and raising the INIT state if a NAK is received.
8621	Updates lease values, sets times, and sets timers.
8622	Clones the object, updates query string, and returns the clone.
8623	Creates a clone of the current object with a modified list of items.
8624	Removes a specific key-value pair from a list of query strings.
8625	This function connects to a Nagios-supervised process manager using XML-RPC or HTTP, retrieves process information, and handles errors.
8626	This function processes data and options to generate a status string and exit code based on the provided data and options.
8627	This Python script processes command-line options, retrieves status information, formats the output, and writes it to the standard output.
8628	This method validates a message by checking its signing certificate URL, message age, and cryptographic signature.
8629	Reads a TDMS file, extracts channel names and data, and returns them.
8630	Appends "deformation" to `chn_names` if not present and adjusts `data` by subtracting the corresponding value.
8631	Convert TDMS file to FCS format.
8632	Checks if two files are equal by comparing them using the `diff` command.
8633	This method creates a new patch, adds it to the series, and saves the changes to the database.
8634	Deletes the next patch in the series.
8635	Deletes a patch from the database.
8636	Checks if a file is already in a patch and raises an error if it is.
8637	Backup file to destination directory.
8638	Adds a file to a quilt patch.
8639	Runs a subprocess with specified arguments and input/output redirection.
8640	Creates a directory if it does not exist.
8641	Copies the directory to the specified destination.
8642	Links files.
8643	Copies file or directory to another location.
8644	Returns a Directory object if the filename has a directory part, otherwise returns None.
8645	Backup file to destination directory.
8646	Refreshes a quilt patch, handling file operations, diffs, and patch application.
8647	Applies a patch to the database, reversing the changes made by the patch.
8648	Applies the top patch from the database, saves the changes, and marks the top patch as unapplied.
8649	Unapply all applied patches from the database.
8650	Applies a patch to the series, removing applied patches until the top patch is reached.
8651	Applies the next patch in the series, handling exceptions and saving the database.
8652	Applies all patches in the series, handling exceptions and saving the database.
8653	Reads a file and adds lines to `patchlines` and `patch2line`.
8654	Saves patchlines to a file in binary mode.
8655	Adds a patch to the patch2line dictionary and appends the patchline to the patchlines list.
8656	Inserts patches into a list, updating the patch-to-line mapping.
8657	This method appends patches to a list of patch lines, handling insertion and checking of patches before and after a specified point.
8658	Removes a patch from the patch2line dictionary and the patchlines list.
8659	Returns a list of patches after a given patch.
8660	Returns a list of patches before a given patch.
8661	Returns a list of patches until a specific patch is found.
8662	Modifies the patch list by replacing an old patch with a new one.
8663	Creates a directory and version file if it doesn't exist.
8664	Checks if the quilt meta-data version in a file is supported by python-quilt.
8665	Adds arguments to a parser group.
8666	Adds arguments to a parser based on the class's attributes.
8667	Adds arguments and subparsers to a parser.
8668	Sets subparser arguments.
8669	Adds subparsers to a parser.
8670	Checks if a file exists in a patch and raises an error if it does not.
8671	This method checks if a file is modified by a given patch and raises an error if it is.
8672	Reverts a file by applying a patch, handling new and empty files, and copying the reverted file to the directory.
8673	Imports a patch file into the quilt patches directory.
8674	Imports patches to a destination directory.
8675	This method adds a new way to the `ways` dictionary if its ID is not already present, appending the coordinates of each node in the way to a list and then creating a `Way` object with these points.
8676	Iterates over `node_ids` and yields `nid` if it is not present in `present_node_ids`.
8677	Adds a node to the graph if it doesn't already exist, creating a new node with the given ID, location, and tags.
8678	Build route for relations of type 'route' with short name, long name, GTFS type, URL, and color.
8679	Creates a long route name from relation tags and name.
8680	Returns the agency ID based on the operator tag, hashing the operator and taking the first 8 digits.
8681	This method processes an OSM file, extracting and logging information about public transport relations, nodes, and ways.
8682	This method updates the `relations` and `versions` dictionaries based on the given relation object, handling specific conditions and updating the relation object with relevant tags and members.
8683	Builds a `DummyData` object with calendar, stop times, trips, and frequencies from given routes and stops.
8684	This function takes a list of agencies and returns a generator that yields each agency with a default URL and timezone.
8685	This function generates a list of trip stop times for a given trip, considering waiting times and handling time transitions across days.
8686	Writes a zip file with compressed data from buffers and files.
8687	Writes unzipped data to a destination directory.
8688	This function builds an agency object from a relation and its nodes, handling missing operator tags by using the URL or contact website as a fallback.
8689	Extracts stops from a relation, yielding Stop objects with their details.
8690	This function generates shapes based on a relation's member information, yielding shapes for nodes and ways.
8691	This method retrieves supported versions from a device, handling exceptions and returning a list of version strings.
8692	This method sends an APDU command to a device, handling data conversion and error checking.
8693	This code method attempts to authenticate devices using U2F (Universal 2nd Factor) and handles exceptions such as `APDUError` and `DeviceError`. It iterates through a list of devices, attempting to open each one. If an `APDUError` occurs with a specific code, it checks if the device is required to be present and exits if so. If not, it prompts the user to touch the device. If a `DeviceError` occurs, the device is removed from the list. Finally, it attempts to close all devices and exits with an error message if the required device is not present.
8694	Registers a device with U2F data, verifying the version and app ID, and returns the registration data and client data.
8695	This function authenticates a device using U2F (Universal 2nd Factor) protocol, verifying the version, app ID, and key handle. It constructs a client data object, computes SHA256 hashes, and sends an APDU to the device for signing.
8696	Registers U2F devices with given parameters and facets.
8697	Converts data to string, recursively for dictionaries and lists.
8698	Wraps a function with error handling and optional exception re-raising and stack trace saving.
8699	Wraps methods of a class with error handling.
8700	Checks if a filepath matches any of the specified patterns.
8701	This method checks if an email is valid and returns the corresponding email address from a mapping if available.
8702	Finds and returns an entry from a tree based on its filename.
8703	Convert markdown to reST.
8704	This function initializes a server with logging and HTTP/Thrift services based on configuration settings.
8705	This method records an error by collecting stack trace, exception details, and additional information, then sends it to a server if the error meets certain criteria.
8706	Convert URL to image.
8707	Converts a string to an image.
8708	Decorates a function with a validation function.
8709	Checks if the image size is greater than the specified size.
8710	Checks if the image width is greater than the specified width. If so, raises an ImageSizeError.
8711	Checks if the height of an image is greater than the image's height. If so, raises an `ImageSizeError`.
8712	This method retrieves a category instance based on a slug, handling cases where the slug is not found.
8713	Convert value to integer, otherwise return 0
8714	Iterate over XML elements, yield only those with a specific tag, and clear them to free up memory.
8715	Appends error data and exception information to a list.
8716	This method checks if the source is loaded, parses items, saves instances, and handles errors.
8717	Convert item to dictionary using field mappings and parsing methods.
8718	This method retrieves an instance from the database based on unique fields or creates a new one if no unique fields are provided.
8719	Saves an item with data and instance, committing if specified.
8720	Downloads a file from a given URL and saves it to a specified destination, handling gzip compression if necessary.
8721	Loads a file in binary mode.
8722	This method reads a CSV file, extracts headers, and yields dictionaries for each row, skipping empty rows.
8723	Changes network access settings if sandbox is not running.
8724	Executes a Docker command with specified options and captures its output.
8725	This method adds files to a Docker container, optionally changing ownership and permissions.
8726	Adds a file to a Docker container and renames it.
8727	Fetch enrollments for a specific course using the Canvas API.
8728	Returns enrollments for a course by its SIS ID.
8729	Fetch enrollments for a specific section using the Canvas API.
8730	Returns enrollments for a section by SIS ID.
8731	This method retrieves enrollments for a given registration ID, optionally including course details, and returns a list of `CanvasEnrollment` objects.
8732	Enrolls a user into a course with specified parameters.
8733	This method retrieves roles for a given account by making an API call and parsing the response.
8734	Returns roles for a given account ID.
8735	This method retrieves the effective course roles for a given account by filtering out inherited roles.
8736	Fetches a Canvas role by account ID and role ID.
8737	Returns the role associated with the given account SIS ID and role ID.
8738	This method fetches a course from a Canvas API using the provided course ID and parameters. It appends the "term" to the "include" list if it's not already present and then makes a GET request to the Canvas API endpoint.
8739	Returns a course object by its SIS ID.
8740	This method retrieves courses from a Canvas account based on the provided parameters.
8741	Returns courses in an account by SIS ID.
8742	Get published courses in an account.
8743	Get published courses in account by SIS ID
8744	This method retrieves courses for a given registration ID, handling both SIS course IDs and traditional course IDs.
8745	Creates a new course in a Canvas account.
8746	Updates a course's SIS ID using the Canvas API.
8747	Fetches activity data for a specific account and term from the API.
8748	Fetch grades for a specific account and term.
8749	Fetches statistics for a specific account and term from the API.
8750	Fetches activity data for a course using its SIS course ID.
8751	Fetch assignments by SIS course ID.
8752	Fetch student summaries for a given SIS course ID.
8753	Fetch student activity for a specific course and user using the SIS API.
8754	Fetch student messaging for a specific course and user using the SIS API.
8755	Fetch external tools for a given account.
8756	Fetch external tools for a given course.
8757	Creates an external tool using the provided context, context ID, and JSON data.
8758	Updates an external tool in the system.
8759	Deletes an external tool from a context.
8760	Checks if all required parameters are set for an object.
8761	Fetches a user's profile from the Canvas API.
8762	This method retrieves users for a specific course by making an API call and parsing the response.
8763	Returns users for a specific SIS course ID.
8764	Creates a new user in the Canvas API with optional account ID.
8765	This method retrieves user logins for a given user ID from a specified API endpoint, handling pagination and returning a list of `Login` objects.
8766	Updates user login details.
8767	Extracts the URL of the next page from a response header.
8768	This method fetches data from a URL, handles pagination, and extends the data list or dictionary based on the response.
8769	This method fetches a paginated resource from a given URL with optional parameters and data key.
8770	This method fetches a resource from a URL with optional parameters and data key.
8771	This method sends a PUT request to a specified URL with JSON data and handles potential errors.
8772	This method sends a POST request to a specified URL with JSON data and handles the response. If the response status is not 200 or 204, it raises a DataFailureException. Otherwise, it returns the JSON data from the response.
8773	Deletes a resource from a specified URL using the provided parameters and headers. If the response status is not 200 or 204, raises a DataFailureException.
8774	This method retrieves a list of administrators for a given account ID by making a series of API calls and appending the results to a list.
8775	Creates an admin account with the specified user ID and role.
8776	Creates an admin using the given SIS account ID, user ID, and role.
8777	Deletes an admin from the specified account with the given user ID and role.
8778	Deletes an admin by sis account ID and user ID.
8779	Creates a grading standard for a course.
8780	This method retrieves a section from a Canvas API using the provided section ID and parameters.
8781	Returns a section object by its SIS ID.
8782	This method fetches sections from a course using the Canvas API and returns a list of `CanvasSection` objects.
8783	Returns sections in a course by SIS ID.
8784	Returns sections with students included in the specified course.
8785	Returns sections with students in a course by SIS ID.
8786	Creates a new section in a Canvas course.
8787	Updates a Canvas section with the given details.
8788	This method fetches quizzes for a given course ID from a specified API and returns a list of Quiz objects.
8789	Fetches a Canvas account by ID.
8790	This method retrieves sub-accounts for a given account ID using the Canvas API.
8791	Updates an account by sending a PUT request to the Accounts API.
8792	Updates the SIS ID for a given account.
8793	Retrieves authentication settings for a given account ID.
8794	Updates account's SSO settings.
8795	Returns the term object with the given sis_term_id.
8796	Imports CSV data from Canvas using the provided account ID and parameters.
8797	Imports a directory into Canvas using the provided parameters.
8798	This method retrieves the import status from the Canvas API using the provided `sis_import` object.
8799	This method creates a zip file from a directory containing CSV files, compresses them, and returns the zip file's content.
8800	This method fetches assignments from a specified course using an API and returns a list of Assignment objects.
8801	Updates an assignment in the system.
8802	This method retrieves available reports for a given account ID by making an API call and parsing the response.
8803	This method retrieves reports for a given account and type, appending them to a list.
8804	Creates a report for a given account and term, with optional parameters.
8805	Creates a provisioning report for a given account and term.
8806	Creates a SIS export report for a given account and term.
8807	Creates a report for unused courses.
8808	This method retrieves report data from a specified report object, handling errors and polling until the report is complete. It then extracts and returns the report data as a list of lines.
8809	This method checks if a report object is complete and raises an exception if it is not, then formats and returns a report object.
8810	Deletes a report from the API.
8811	Moves each detection in the label by (-dx, -dy).
8812	Flips detections horizontally and adjusts their theta by pi.
8813	Convert an object to a dictionary, excluding fields ending with '_id', and handle many-to-many relationships.
8814	This method configures a settings object based on the provided request and keyword arguments. It first checks if a specific configuration is provided, and if not, it uses default settings. If a specific configuration is provided, it updates the default settings with the provided configuration.
8815	Returns the value of `edit_empty_value` from the configuration, or `unicode(inplace_settings.INPLACEEDIT_EDIT_EMPTY_VALUE)` if `edit_empty_value` is not set.
8816	This function parses a token and extracts arguments and keyword arguments from it.
8817	Creates metrics based on the provided configurations.
8818	Sets up logging for specified names with the given log level.
8819	Registers a process collector if `include_process_stats` is True.
8820	Creates a dictionary of metrics from a list of configuration objects.
8821	Returns a metric with optional labels.
8822	Generates an HTML response with a title based on the object's description or name, including a link to the metrics endpoint.
8823	Handles metrics by updating and generating responses.
8824	This function queries Wolfram Alpha for a result based on the provided input parameters.
8825	Modifies `http_client.HTTPMessage` to use Python 3's `get_content_type`, `gettype`, and `getparam` methods.
8826	This method queries the Wolfram Alpha API with the provided input, parameters, and keyword arguments, and returns a result object.
8827	`info` method returns a chain of `pods`, `assumptions`, and `warnings`.
8828	Iterate over pods, filter by primary or title 'Result'.
8829	Encodes a request with JSON data.
8830	This method sends an HTTP request to a specified URL using the `requests` library, handling authentication, headers, parameters, data, and file uploads.
8831	`get` method makes a GET request to the specified URL with optional parameters.
8832	Deletes a resource at the specified URL with optional parameters.
8833	`put` method sends a PUT request to the specified URL with optional parameters, data, and files.
8834	Sends a POST request to the specified URL with optional parameters, data, and files.
8835	This method processes a query, possibly segmenting the text and grouping sentences, and then making a POST request to a disambiguation service. It handles errors and returns the result or status code.
8836	Groups sentences into chunks of a specified length.
8837	This method sends a PDF file to a disambiguation service, optionally specifying language and entities, and returns the response status and decoded result.
8838	Submits a disambiguation request to a service with specified query, language, and entities.
8839	Segments text using a service and returns the result.
8840	This method sends a POST request to a language service with the provided text, decodes the response, and returns the decoded text along with the status code.
8841	Fetch concept from service.
8842	Construct feature map from ensemble predictions
8843	Calculates the score based on the ensemble's predictions and a specified scoring function.
8844	This method fits a model to a dataset by counting the distribution of classes in each MDR grid cell and assigning cells to the class with the highest fraction of instances.
8845	Fits the model to the data and returns predictions.
8846	Calculates model score based on provided features and class labels, using specified scoring function if provided.
8847	Fits a model by mapping features to labels based on their mean trait value compared to the overall mean.
8848	Transforms features by mapping them to a new feature using a feature map and default label.
8849	Calculates the t-statistic for comparing trait values between two groups based on feature map and MDR matrix.
8850	`_mdr_predict` fits a model on a stacked feature matrix of `X` and `Y`, using the provided labels.
8851	This function generates multiple models by selecting different combinations of features from the input dataset and fitting them to the model instance. It yields each model, its score, and the names of the selected features.
8852	Plot a 2D grid of bar charts for class counts in a multi-variable model.
8853	Convert app.config items to a dictionary with stripped prefixes.
8854	Configures a value for a given key in the application's configuration.
8855	Convert iterable to vector with optional metadata.
8856	Convert a tuple of members into a vector with optional metadata.
8857	Compiles and executes forms from a file using a compiler context and module.
8858	Compiles and executes forms from a stream using a compiler context and module.
8859	Compiles and executes a string of code using a compiler context, module, and EOF value.
8860	This function creates a REPL namespace and imports the `basilisp.repl` module into it.
8861	Runs a Basilisp program with specified options and bindings.
8862	Creates a new MultiFunction instance with the given dispatch function and default value.
8863	Adds a method to a map.
8864	Adds a method to the dictionary.
8865	This method retrieves a method from a cache based on a given key, returning `None` if the method is not found.
8866	Removes a key-value pair from a map.
8867	Removes a method from the dictionary based on the provided key.
8868	Checks if a variable is a macro.
8869	Extracts line and column numbers from a Lisp form metadata.
8870	This function wraps a parse function, adding location information to Lisp forms.
8871	Check if the node is a recursive operation and raise an exception if it is not in the tail position.
8872	This function recursively checks if each node in a tree structure is a tail node, ensuring that all recursive calls are properly handled.
8873	Resolves bare symbols, handling namespaces, builtins, and exceptions.
8874	Resolves symbol based on namespace and name.
8875	Converts a reader form into an AST node with top-level association.
8876	Checks if either `warn_on_shadowed_name` or `_opts.entry(WARN_ON_SHADOWED_VAR, False)` is True.
8877	This method adds a new symbol to the symbol table, checking for shadowed names and warnings based on the provided parameters.
8878	Summarize the `map_lrepr` function in one line.
8879	Summarize the code method in one line.
8880	Convert LispObject to string representation with specified options.
8881	Converts Python objects to their string representations.
8882	Fixes missing locations in a tree structure by updating the environment and children.
8883	Compiles and executes a form using a compiler context and module.
8884	Compiles a Python module using a given optimizer, fixes missing locations, and optionally collects bytecode.
8885	Compiles modules from a list of form objects, optimizing and compiling each form into a module.
8886	Compiles bytecode into a module.
8887	Convert iterable to sequence.
8888	Transforms string by replacing characters with predefined replacements, adding an underscore if the resulting string is a keyword and not allowed to be a built-in.
8889	`demunge` function processes a string by replacing specific patterns with predefined replacements.
8890	Convert integer numerator and denominator to Fraction object.
8891	Creates a logging handler based on the environment variable `BASILISP_USE_DEV_LOGGER`.
8892	Maps key-value pairs with optional metadata.
8893	Yield tuples of elements from a list in chunks of size `n`.
8894	Transforms a function with a context into one that includes metadata about the line and column of the context.
8895	Reads namespaced tokens from a reader, handling optional suffixes and division symbols.
8896	Reads a collection from a reader, ending when a specific token is encountered.
8897	Reads a list from a reader context.
8898	Reads a vector from a context.
8899	Read a set from a context, ensuring no duplicates.
8900	Reads a map from a reader context, handling comments and duplicate keys.
8901	Reads a string from a reader context, handling escape sequences and EOF.
8902	This function reads a symbol from a context, ensuring it adheres to certain rules such as not appearing outside a syntax quote, having a valid namespace, and handling special cases like "nil", "true", and "false".
8903	Read keyword from context, validate namespace and name, return keyword object.
8904	Read metadata from a context, map it to an object, and attach it.
8905	This function reads a list from a context, identifies and replaces symbols with their corresponding replacements, and returns a list of symbols.
8906	Read quoted string from context.
8907	Expands Lisp forms with syntax quotes.
8908	This function processes a syntax-quoted form, expanding it recursively and handling different types of forms like lists, vectors, sets, maps, symbols, and more.
8909	Reads a quoted syntax form from a context.
8910	Reads an unquoted form from a reader context.
8911	Reads a dereference expression from the context.
8912	Reads a character from a context, handling special characters and Unicode characters.
8913	Reads a regex pattern from a context, raises a SyntaxError if the pattern is unrecognized.
8914	This function reads a Lisp reader macro from a context, handling various token types and data readers.
8915	Reads the next consuming comment from a reader context.
8916	Reads the next Lisp reader form from a context.
8917	Reads data from a stream, yielding `ReaderForm` objects.
8918	Reads a string into a stream and yields reader forms.
8919	Reads a file and yields reader forms.
8920	Updates line and column indices based on newline characters.
8921	`Pushes the index back by one if it's within the pushback depth limit.`
8922	Reads the next token from the stream.
8923	Convert bytecode to bytes.
8924	This function reads bytecode from a cache file and returns a list of code types.
8925	Generates a path to a compiled Python bytecode file from a source file.
8926	Inserts a custom importer at the beginning of the `sys.meta_path` list if it contains `BasilispImporter` instances.
8927	This method searches for a Basilisp module in a given path, returning its `ModuleSpec` if found.
8928	Compiles cached Basilisp module bytecode.
8929	Compiles a Basilisp module, caches bytecode, and stores it.
8930	Executes a module, caching it if available, and handles circular imports.
8931	Creates a Symbol object with the given name, namespace, and metadata.
8932	Filters keywords based on prefix and suffix.
8933	This method checks if a keyword with a given hash exists in a cache. If it does, it returns the cached keyword; otherwise, it creates a new keyword and adds it to the cache.
8934	This function creates a keyword object using a hash of the name and namespace, storing it in a cache.
8935	Combines dependencies and nodes from a list of generated PyAST objects.
8936	Transforms a string attribute path into an AST attribute node.
8937	Generates a Python AST from a Lisp form.
8938	Combines iterable of nodes into a stream of ASTs.
8939	Modifies the line and column numbers of a Python AST node and its dependencies based on the provided environment.
8940	Transforms a function into one that includes line and column information.
8941	Transforms a function into one that includes line and column information in the AST.
8942	Determine if a variable is dynamic based on its metadata.
8943	Determine if a variable can be redefined based on its metadata.
8944	Convert AST nodes to expressions.
8945	Converts a `GeneratedPyAST` object into a `ast.FunctionDef` object.
8946	Determines if a definition symbol should be warned on redefinition based on context, safe name, and metadata.
8947	Transforms a `Do` node into a `GeneratedPyAST` by reducing its statements and dependencies, then assigning the result to a new variable.
8948	Generates a unique function name by prefixing it with "__" and munging the input string.
8949	Convert function arguments to Python AST.
8950	Convert a function definition to Python AST.
8951	Convert a multi-arity function definition to Python AST.
8952	Convert function definition to Python AST.
8953	Convert a recursive or do node to Python AST.
8954	Convert an `If` node to a `GeneratedPyAST`.
8955	Convert an `Invoke` node to a `GeneratedPyAST` object.
8956	Convert a quote node to a Python AST node.
8957	Transforms a recursive expression into a Python AST.
8958	This method processes a recursive node in a code context, handling the recursion point and invoking the appropriate handler based on the type of the recursion point.
8959	Transforms a `SetBang` node into a `GeneratedPyAST` object.
8960	Convert Python `Throw` node to `ast.Raise` and return the generated AST.
8961	Convert a `Try` node to a `GeneratedPyAST`.
8962	Convert local symbol to PyAST.
8963	Generates a PyAST node for a variable lookup in a Python AST.
8964	Convert a variable reference to a Python AST node.
8965	Convert a `HostField` to a `GeneratedPyAST` with optional assignment handling.
8966	Convert a `MaybeClass` node to a `GeneratedPyAST`.
8967	Convert a `MaybeHostForm` node to a Python AST.
8968	Convert Lisp form to Python AST using constant handlers.
8969	Convert a collection literal to a Python AST.
8970	Generates a Python AST from a Lisp AST.
8971	Yield `import basilisp` for fully qualified modules.
8972	Returns an `ast.ImportFrom` node for importing the `Var` class from the `basilisp.lang.runtime` module.
8973	Creates an assignment statement in Python AST for a variable named `py_ns_var` with a value that is a call to `_FIND_VAR_FN_NAME` with arguments `lisp_ns_var` and `ns` set to `lisp_ns_ns`.
8974	Convert iterable to set with optional metadata
8975	Convert a tuple of members into a set with optional metadata.
8976	Transforms an `ast.ExceptHandler` node by copying its type, name, and body, and returns the modified node.
8977	This method checks if the value of an expression node is a constant, and if so, returns `None`.
8978	Transforms a function definition node by visiting its children and filtering out dead code.
8979	Transforms a `While` node by visiting its children and filtering out dead code.
8980	Transforms a `Try` node by filtering out dead code from its body, handlers, and orelse blocks.
8981	Creates a new module with specified name and docstring.
8982	Returns the first element of a sequence or `None` if the sequence is `None`.
8983	Convert input to sequence, return empty if input is None or not a sequence.
8984	Removes the first `i` elements from a list.
8985	Returns the `i`-th next element of the sequence `coll`.
8986	Converts a value to a list if it's not already a list, otherwise appends the value to the list.
8987	Convert input to sequence if possible.
8988	Combines sequences into a single sequence.
8989	This function checks if the input `m` is `None` and returns an empty map if true. If `m` is an instance of `IAssociative`, it calls the `assoc` method of `m` with the provided key-value pairs. If `m` does not implement the `IAssociative` interface, it raises a `TypeError`.
8990	Convert a collection to a list by appending elements.
8991	Creates a partial function that combines arguments from the original function with additional arguments.
8992	Dereference object based on type, raising TypeError if not IDeref or IBlockingDeref.
8993	Compares two values for equality, considering `None` as equivalent to `False`.
8994	Divides two numbers, returning a fraction if both are integers.
8995	Sorts a collection using a custom key function.
8996	Checks if an associative collection contains a key.
8997	This function retrieves an entry from an associative data structure `m` using key `k`, with a default value if the key is not found. It handles exceptions such as `KeyError`, `IndexError`, and `TypeError` and logs the error.
8998	Converts an object to Lisp format.
8999	Converts an object to a Python representation using a keyword function.
9000	Convert object to string representation with optional human-readable formatting.
9001	Convert Python variadic arguments to a list.
9002	Trampoline function for tail recursion.
9003	Decorates a function with attributes specified in kwargs.
9004	Transforms a function into one that includes metadata and wraps it in an asynchronous context if necessary.
9005	Defines a function `_basilisp_fn` that sets the `_basilisp_fn` attribute to `True`, clears the `meta` attribute, and assigns a partial function `_fn_with_meta` to the `with_meta` attribute.
9006	Resolves a symbol by checking aliases and namespaces.
9007	Resolves a variable by resolving aliases and finding the variable in the namespace.
9008	Adds generated Python code to a variable in the specified namespace.
9009	This code defines a function `bootstrap` that sets up a namespace and initializes various dynamic variables for controlling printing behavior.
9010	Creates a variable in a namespace with the given name, value, and metadata.
9011	Creates a variable in a namespace.
9012	Finds a variable in a namespace by name.
9013	Find a variable in a namespace based on a qualified symbol.
9014	Resolves a qualified symbol in the current context, raising an exception if not found.
9015	Adds default import for a module if it is gated.
9016	Swaps the aliases dictionary with a new one that associates the given alias with the specified namespace.
9017	Interns swap and map entry
9018	Adds a new variable to the map if it doesn't exist or if `force` is True.
9019	Finds a variable by symbol in the intern and refers tables.
9020	Adds imports and aliases to the code.
9021	This method retrieves a module from the imports dictionary based on a given symbol. If the module is not found, it checks for an alias in the import aliases dictionary. If the alias is not found, it returns None. Otherwise, it returns the module associated with the alias.
9022	Adds a reference to a variable in the symbol table.
9023	Returns the variable associated with the given symbol.
9024	This method updates a map of references by associating symbols with their corresponding variables, excluding private variables.
9025	Sets the `_refers` attribute to a new function that swaps the `swap` method of `Namespace` with a custom function that takes another `Namespace` object and interns its `interns` attribute.
9026	This method retrieves or creates a namespace in a cache, ensuring it is associated with a core namespace if necessary.
9027	Returns a namespace object for the given name, creating it if it doesn't exist.
9028	Returns the namespace associated with the given symbol, or `None` if not found.
9029	Removes a namespace from a map if it exists.
9030	`__completion_matcher` is a function that takes a string `text` and returns a `CompletionMatcher` object. It uses a helper function `is_match` to determine if the name of a symbol in the entry starts with the given text.
9031	Generates a list of aliases with a given prefix and optional namespace.
9032	Generates a list of import paths based on a prefix and optional module name.
9033	This method iterates over a list of interned symbols, filtering those that match a given value and are not private, and returns their names.
9034	Returns a list of names from the `refers` dictionary that match the given value.
9035	This method completes a given text by iterating over different completion methods based on the text's structure.
9036	The method `args` returns a tuple of arguments, handling cases where there are no variadic arguments or when the last argument is a sequence.
9037	Convert a list of members with optional metadata into a list.
9038	`l(*members, meta=None) -> List`
9039	Changes the style of a scalar in a YAML representation.
9040	Decrypts a token using JWEHelper and returns the payload.
9041	Encrypts a JSON object using a private key and then encrypts the resulting JWT using a public key.
9042	Deletes an item from the cache based on the provided arguments.
9043	Convert object to Python representation.
9044	Closes the writer if it can write EOF, then closes the writer.
9045	This function parses a string into an expression tree, handling nested expressions and constraints.
9046	Writes a serialized NDB model to a file.
9047	Convert dictionary values to datetime objects.
9048	Decodes a date string from a given format, handling UTC and removing timezone information for Google App Engine.
9049	Decodes a value using a date decoder if possible, otherwise falls back to JSON decoding.
9050	Convert object to JSON string using NDB type encoding.
9051	Validates a version string by checking if all parts are integers.
9052	This code generates a changelog for a project by changing the directory to the project's root, validating the version, and then running a changelog generator with specified options.
9053	This function finds strongly connected components in a directed graph using depth-first search (DFS).
9054	Topological sort of a graph using strongly connected components.
9055	Sets the parent of the current object to the specified parent if it is an instance of Expression.
9056	Returns the parent expression if it is an instance of Expression, otherwise raises an exception.
9057	This method adds an operator to the working fragment, handling nested expressions and parent relationships.
9058	Adds an element to the working fragment.
9059	Creates a new expression with a semicolon operator and adds each element to it.
9060	Creates an expression with an OR operator and adds elements to it.
9061	Wraps a function and logs its arguments and return value.
9062	Convert received bytes to dictionary messages.
9063	Convert a list of tuples into a dictionary.
9064	This function checks messages for a specific command and value, returning the first matching message.
9065	Convert input commands to bytes and prepend prefix.
9066	Flush incoming socket messages.
9067	Enables a device with specified parameters.
9068	Sends a command to save a template file.
9069	Loads a template file based on the filename provided.
9070	Retrieves information about a device using a specified command.
9071	This function reads a file, parses a line specification, and writes the specified lines to a new file.
9072	Locate and return the path to the 'package.json' file in the specified directory.
9073	Reads a JSON file and returns its contents.
9074	Handles API errors by raising specific exceptions based on JSON data and HTTP errors.
9075	This method validates a response from a URL shortener API, handling HTTP errors, parsing JSON, and raising specific exceptions based on the API's response.
9076	This function takes two wave vectors, computes an independent vector, and then interpolates the dependent vectors based on the independent vector.
9077	This function interpolates a dependent variable `dep_vector` based on an independent variable `indep_vector` using a specified interpolation method (`wave.interp`) and scale (`wave.indep_scale`). It handles different interpolation types (continuous, linear, and staircase) and ensures the result is rounded to the nearest integer if the dependent variable is an integer.
9078	This function returns the unique independent variable range that overlaps between two given wave objects.
9079	Verifies waveforms for compatibility.
9080	This method loads a systemJS manifest, backs up the original manifest name, loads a custom bundle manifest, resets the manifest name, checks if the files exist, and removes them from the manifest if they do not exist.
9081	Creates a namedtuple with specified fields from given parameters.
9082	Runs a trace of a Python module, generating Sphinx documentation for specified callable names.
9083	Shorten URL using API with optional keyword and title.
9084	Expands a short URL using an API.
9085	This method fetches URL statistics from an API and returns the shortened URL.
9086	This method calculates and returns statistics about links based on the provided filter, limit, and start parameters.
9087	This method retrieves database statistics from an API and returns a `DBStats` object containing the total clicks and links.
9088	Executes a command with specified indentation and file pointer.
9089	This function takes a command, environment variables, and outputs the command with its output in a formatted bash block.
9090	Logs message if verbosity meets or exceeds level.
9091	Decorator that caches the result of a method call.
9092	This function takes an iterable and a chunk size, then yields chunks of the iterable of the specified size.
9093	Transforms an iterable into chunks and applies a function to each chunk.
9094	Flattens an iterable, applying a mapping function to each item if provided.
9095	Defines a function `quietinterrupt` that prints a message to `sys.stderr` and exits with status 1 when the `SIGINT` signal is received.
9096	Prints a table in tab-separated values format to the specified file.
9097	Creates a new class with the given name and attributes.
9098	Convert human-readable string to integer or float, apply appropriate scaling based on decimal or bit settings.
9099	This function checks if the `apiurl` is provided and raises a `UsageError` if it is not. It then constructs authentication parameters and attempts to create a `YOURLSClient` object with the provided `apiurl` and authentication parameters. If the authentication parameters are overspecified, it raises another `UsageError`.
9100	Runs trace support for a given module.
9101	Generates a table of contents from a JSON file and formats it for documentation.
9102	Appends a common entry to a list with a formatted prefix and version.
9103	Appends Python version and operation words to a list based on a dictionary.
9104	Convert version specifications to words.
9105	Yield tuple from zip of freq, nf, rcmag, rcangle, res from noise
9106	This function takes a frequency vector, a data matrix, and a format string, then processes the data to generate a summary in the specified format.
9107	This function writes a touchstone file with specified options and data, handling noise and formatting.
9108	This function modifies the independent and dependent vectors of a waveform by inserting the specified minimum and maximum values if they are not already present in the vector.
9109	Builds a string representation of units based on the given operations and units.
9110	This function takes a wave, description, units, and a function pointer, creates a copy of the wave, updates its dependencies with the provided description and units, and returns the updated wave.
9111	Calculates the cumulative area of a series of rectangles and triangles based on given independent and dependent vectors.
9112	Validates `indep_min` and `indep_max` against the wave's independent vector.
9113	Calculates the arccosine of a wave's dependent vector.
9114	Calculates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of a wave.
9115	`asin` computes the arcsine of a wave, handling domain errors.
9116	Calculates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of a wave.
9117	Calculates the average of a waveform within specified independent vector bounds.
9118	Convert wave's dep_vector to dB.
9119	Calculates the derivative of a waveform.
9120	Calculates the imaginary part of the FFT of a wave.
9121	Calculates the absolute value of the FFT of a given wave.
9122	Calculates phase of FFT of a wave with optional parameters.
9123	Calculates the Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) of a wave signal.
9124	Convert a complex signal to its decibel representation using the inverse Fourier transform.
9125	Computes the inverse Fourier transform of a wave.
9126	Calculates the magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of a wave.
9127	`ifftp` computes the phase of the result of an inverse Fourier transform.
9128	`ifftr` computes the inverse Fourier transform of a wave.
9129	Calculates the integral of a waveform over a specified range.
9130	Calculates the group delay of a wave signal.
9131	Logs the wave if its minimum value is non-positive.
9132	Calculates the average of a waveform over a specified range.
9133	Calculates the definite integral of a wave function over a specified range.
9134	Calculates the maximum value of a wave within specified independent limits.
9135	Calculates the minimum value of a wave within specified independent bounds.
9136	Transforms a wave into phase, optionally unwrapping and converting to degrees if not in radians.
9137	Rounds the dependency vector of a wave object to a specified number of decimal places.
9138	Calculates the square root of a wave's dependent units.
9139	This function takes a wave object and optional parameters for dependent and independent variables, and returns a new wave object with the dependent and independent variables adjusted based on the provided parameters.
9140	Creates a complex copy of a wave object.
9141	Convert complex wave to float.
9142	Convert complex numbers in a wave to integers.
9143	This function checks if `indep_var` is within the range of `wave._indep_vector`, returns the corresponding `wave._dep_vector` value if it is, or calculates the slope and uses it to estimate the value at `indep_var` otherwise.
9144	Finds files in a specified path, filtering by directories in `dirs_to_serve`.
9145	Extracts the first sentence of each block of text delimited by " [[[end]]]" from a given long description.
9146	Convert tokens to string, handle unary and multi-term operators, and apply precedence rules.
9147	This function finds the next right delimiter in a list of items starting from a given position, raising an error if the delimiters are mismatched.
9148	This function extracts function definitions from a given expression, identifying function names, expressions, and their start and stop positions.
9149	Find remaining delimiters and pair them.
9150	This code defines a parser for mathematical expressions using the `pyparsing` library in Python.
9151	Removes consecutive delimiters from an expression.
9152	This function splits a string into groups of a specified length, applying a specified separator between each group, and optionally stripping leading and trailing whitespace.
9153	Converts a number to engineering notation with a maximum of 3 digits for the integer part.
9154	Converts a number to scientific notation and formats it as a string.
9155	Converts a decimal number to engineering notation with specified fractional length and right-justification.
9156	Convert string to float, apply power based on last character.
9157	Convert string to float by removing trailing whitespace, find decimal point, and return the fractional part.
9158	Converts a string to a float, removing trailing non-numeric characters.
9159	Converts a number to its English power representation.
9160	Convert suffix and offset to power and return corresponding value from dictionary.
9161	This function removes extra delimiters from a given expression.
9162	Convert a number to a scientific string with specified precision and exponent length.
9163	Convert a number to a scientific tuple.
9164	This function reads a file in reverse, searching for a specific comment pattern to extract a source map URL.
9165	Checks if the app has a default JavaScript extension.
9166	This method bundles the application, handling options like logging, minification, and source maps, and outputs the result or error.
9167	This method traces dependencies for a given application using `trace-deps.js` and caches the result.
9168	Checks if hashes of modules in a dependency tree match.
9169	Converts a byte string into a formatted hexadecimal dump.
9170	This function parses a docstring to extract parameters and return types.
9171	Returns a list of all valid identifiers found in the context and builtins.
9172	This method attempts to import a module and an object from it, handling cases where the object does not exist.
9173	Splits a line into parts using shlex, handling quotes if POSIX lexing is enabled.
9174	This method initializes the context by joining context names, setting interactive mode, and invoking commands based on a path.
9175	Summarize the code method to return a help message based on the number of arguments provided.
9176	This method searches for a function in a context, possibly loading it lazily if it's a string, and returns it if found. If not found, it raises a `NotFoundError`.
9177	Generates a detailed summary of a given context, including its docstring, defined functions, and built-in functions.
9178	Determine if a given argument is a flag.
9179	This method processes command-line arguments, populating positional and keyword arguments based on metadata and flag handling.
9180	Extracts an argument value based on type and remaining arguments.
9181	This method processes a line of input, invokes a function, and updates the context based on the function's behavior.
9182	The method `invoke` processes a line of input, invoking a helper method `invoke_one` to extract values, and prints them if any are found. It continues processing until the line is empty or no more values are found.
9183	This method processes a line of text, ignoring empty lines and comments, and then invokes a method with the split line as arguments.
9184	This function parses a parameter declaration from a docstring, extracting the parameter name, type, and description.
9185	This function parses a return statement from a docstring, extracting the return type, description, and formatting specifier.
9186	Classifies a section based on its name.
9187	Classifies lines into different types based on their content.
9188	Joins paragraphs based on indentation and formatting.
9189	Summarizes the method `wrap_and_format` in one line.
9190	Converts a value to a specified type, handling binary data and type conversion errors.
9191	Convert binary data to a specified type.
9192	Returns the size of a type object if it has a 'size' method, otherwise returns 0.
9193	Converts a value to a specified type and formats it according to the type's default formatting function if available.
9194	Validates type object for conversion and formatting methods.
9195	Checks if a given type name is known by the object.
9196	Splits a type name into base type, whether it's complex, and a list of subtypes.
9197	Instantiates a complex type with given base and subtypes, raising errors if base is unknown or subtypes cannot be instantiated.
9198	This method attempts to determine the type of a given string, handling common abbreviations and loading external type sources if necessary.
9199	Checks if a specific format is known for a given type.
9200	This method injects a type into the system, ensuring it is not already defined and adheres to certain rules.
9201	This method iterates over all non-private attributes of a given module, retrieves their types, and attempts to inject them into the current object. If an `ArgumentError` occurs during the injection process, it is caught and ignored.
9202	Checks if the number of required arguments not provided in keyword arguments is less than or equal to the number of positional arguments.
9203	Adds a parameter to the method's annotations.
9204	Sets `return_info` to a new `ReturnInfo` object with the specified `type_name` and `formatter`, and sets `is_returned` to `True`.
9205	Sets `return_info` to a new `ReturnInfo` object with specified parameters.
9206	This method attempts to match a short-name parameter name to a keyword argument in a class, raising an error if no match is found or if there are multiple possible matches.
9207	Retrieves the type name of a parameter by name.
9208	Generates a method signature string based on the class's attributes and parameters.
9209	Formats the return value based on the type information.
9210	Converts positional argument at given index to specified value.
9211	This method checks and validates the arguments passed to a function, handling positional and keyword arguments, and ensuring all required arguments are present.
9212	Convert argument value to specified type and validate it against defined validators.
9213	Formats the message with optional exclusion of class name and additional parameters.
9214	Convert object to dictionary.
9215	This function checks and executes a function with provided arguments, converting and validating them according to metadata. If not enough parameters are provided, it raises a ValidationError.
9216	Convert a list of validator definitions into a list of tuples with names and arguments.
9217	This function extracts names from a container (dictionary or object) and includes them in a context, skipping names starting with underscores and handling annotated objects.
9218	Extracts context from a module, setting its docstring and name, and annotates it.
9219	Generates help text for a function or class, including its signature, docstring, and parameter annotations.
9220	Decorates a function with parameters and validation.
9221	This function returns a decorated function with custom return values and a description.
9222	Returns a function that returns a value of the specified type with optional formatting.
9223	Defines a decorator to add a context attribute to a class.
9224	Decorates a function with metadata loading from a document.
9225	Adds metadata to a function.
9226	Returns the first line of the docstring of the given function.
9227	Loads Django tasks for specified apps.
9228	Install tasks from a registry into a cron tab.
9229	Prints tasks from a registry to a cron tab.
9230	Removes all cron jobs with a specific comment and returns the count.
9231	This method searches for a schema in a URI, logs an error if the schema is unknown, and returns the corresponding handler for the schema.
9232	Loads project configurations from a specified directory.
9233	Saves project configurations to a specified directory.
9234	Defines a singleton class method.
9235	This method retrieves all dependent projects for a given project, optionally including recursive dependencies.
9236	Transforms a function to include a project handler and command result in its output.
9237	This method initializes a project, checks its status, and returns a list of failed components.
9238	Sets the item at the specified key in the object.
9239	Sets an attribute on the object, copying the object if necessary.
9240	Convert iterable to lens.
9241	Sets a new value for the optic.
9242	Sets multiple values in an object.
9243	Transforms a function to modify state using an optic.
9244	Collects arguments into a tuple when the count matches `n`.
9245	`func` raises a `NotImplementedError` with a message indicating that the lens is unimplemented.
9246	Applies a function to a functor with a state.
9247	The method `view` checks if the state is an instance of `Fold`, raises an error if not, and then attempts to preview the state. If the preview is not successful, it raises a `ValueError`. If successful, it casts the result to type `B`.
9248	Convert state to a list of B objects.
9249	Applies a function to the state and returns the result.
9250	Sets the value of a state using a pure function.
9251	Iterates over an iterable, applying a function to each element and returning the result.
9252	Identifies the kind of optic based on the given conditions.
9253	The code defines a `main` function that initializes a `GameState` object, prints it, enters a loop where it reads user input, processes it using the `handle_input` method of the `GameState` object, advances the robots if necessary, checks for game end, and prints the updated `GameState` and a message.
9254	Calculates the vector difference between two vectors.
9255	Handles input, updates player position, checks for valid moves, and returns new state or game end.
9256	Moves robots towards player, removes duplicates, and removes crashed robots.
9257	Sets the game state to False and updates the message.
9258	This function takes a board, prints it, prompts the user for a move, and returns the coordinates of the move as integers.
9259	The code simulates a game of tic-tac-toe where the AI makes moves based on the player's move and the current board state.
9260	This method updates the board at position (x, y) with the current player's symbol.
9261	Determines the outcome of a game based on potential wins and remaining spaces.
9262	Iterate over the board, zip rows, and yield specific board elements.
9263	Appends item to items list, uploads chunk if size exceeds max_chunk_size, returns item.
9264	Stores timestamp for S3PIPELINE_URL
9265	Uploads a chunk of items to an S3 bucket.
9266	This method creates a file object for writing JSON Lines data using the `BytesIO` and `gzip` libraries. It handles both gzip and non-gzip modes, writes items to the file, and optionally closes the file after writing.
9267	`get_account_state` method calls `JSONRPCMethods.GET_ACCOUNT_STATE.value` with `address` as a parameter and additional keyword arguments.
9268	Returns the state of an asset.
9269	`get_block` method retrieves a block from the blockchain using a given hash and verbosity level.
9270	Returns the hash of a block by its index.
9271	Returns the system fee for a given block index.
9272	Returns the state of a contract given its hash.
9273	`get_raw_transaction` retrieves a raw transaction from the blockchain by its hash.
9274	This method retrieves storage data from a blockchain using a given script hash and key, handling potential errors and returning the result as a bytearray or a string.
9275	Retrieves a transaction output by hash and index.
9276	Invokes a contract with given parameters.
9277	This method invokes a function on a smart contract using the provided parameters and returns the result.
9278	Invokes a script with optional parameters.
9279	Sends a raw transaction to the blockchain.
9280	Validates an address using the JSON-RPC method `VALIDATE_ADDRESS`.
9281	This method handles JSON-RPC requests, including error handling and response deserialization.
9282	Checks if a string is a valid SHA-256 hash.
9283	Checks if a string is a valid SHA-1 hash.
9284	Convert input parameters to a structured format.
9285	Decodes an invocation result by recursively decoding the stack.
9286	This code defines a decorator that ensures the first keyword-only argument of a function has a default value.
9287	Transforms a datetime object with a specified timezone using a list of transformations.
9288	Applies a function to a datetime object with timezone handling.
9289	Saves the rendered output to a file.
9290	This method renders a barcode using the specified options and returns the raw barcode data.
9291	Calculate checksum for a given EAN number.
9292	This method renders code by painting modules and text on a canvas, handling callbacks for initialization, painting modules, painting text, and finishing the rendering process.
9293	Connects to a server using settings and initializes a client.
9294	This code defines a main function that configures logging, handles command-line arguments, and manages the execution flow based on the provided context and subcommands.
9295	Downloads a file from a remote path to a local path using the S3 storage backend.
9296	Uploads a file from local to remote using S3 storage.
9297	The method `downsync` attempts to download files from an S3 storage using a configuration object. If the environment file path is not defined, it raises an `EnvfilePathNotDefinedUsageError`.
9298	Summarize the code method in one line.
9299	This function parses an environment variable string into a key-value pair, handling quotes and escaping.
9300	Sets the username and password in a configuration object.
9301	Sets the API key in the configuration with the prefix "Authorization".
9302	This function recursively walks through a directory, finds JSON files, and yields their content as JSON objects.
9303	This function reads JSON files from a specified directory, excluding certain names, and returns a dictionary of schemas.
9304	Read JSON schema from file.
9305	This method returns a JSON schema resolver that maps schema URIs to their corresponding schemas.
9306	Validates an object against a schema using a resolver.
9307	Returns a list of valid examples from a specified folder.
9308	Returns a list of invalid examples from a specified folder.
9309	Authenticates user by constructing URL with client ID, scope, response type, and redirect URI.
9310	Authenticates user by processing URL and extracting code.
9311	Authenticates and processes an access token.
9312	Retrieves the user ID from the user data if it is not already set.
9313	`listdir` method returns a list of files in a specified folder.
9314	Creates a new folder in the SkyDrive with the specified name and metadata.
9315	Adds a comment to an object.
9316	Decodes an object, handling Unicode, bytes, and using chardet for encoding detection.
9317	Sets the drop target for an object and recursively sets it for all its children.
9318	Start drag operation with custom data object containing control meta name and bitmap.
9319	Sets default TLW, designer, and inspector.
9320	Inspects an object using a GUI inspector tool.
9321	Creates a Shell instance and displays it.
9322	Transforms font dictionary by renaming 'faceName' to 'face' and setting 'family' to 'sans serif' if applicable.
9323	Loads a page in a wxPython application based on the provided location.
9324	Retrieves a parameter from a tag, returning the default if not found.
9325	This method sends a message from a user input control to a GUI, logs the message, and clears the input control.
9326	Initialize a super tool tip manager, set styles, and display a welcome message.
9327	Handles mouse down event, clears selection markers, and starts rubberband effect.
9328	Handles mouse movement, updates object positions based on mouse movement and shift key, and draws a rubber-band rectangle overlay.
9329	Resizes an object based on mouse events, snapping to grid and adjusting size or position accordingly.
9330	Handles key presses, adjusts selection positions based on arrow keys, and deletes or duplicates selected objects.
9331	Deletes selected objects and cleans the selection.
9332	Duplicates selected objects and updates the selection list.
9333	Refreshes the image and shows it on the screen.
9334	Calculates best position for a widget on the screen.
9335	Retrieves the Python data associated with a given wxPython data item.
9336	Sets the data for a given item in a wxPython list control, storing it internally and mapping it to both the wxPython ID and the internal data.
9337	Search for `py_data` in the internal dictionary `_wx_data_map` and then find the corresponding data in the wx control based on the search result.
9338	Deletes an item from the list control and updates internal maps.
9339	Clears both internal data maps and deletes all items from a wx.ListCtrl.
9340	Clears all columns in the object.
9341	Sets selection based on index, cleans up text if supported, sends a programmatically event, and triggers an onchange event.
9342	Returns a list of selected strings from a wxPython control if multiselect is enabled, otherwise returns the selected string.
9343	Sets data for a client object with a given key and value, and updates the dictionary with the string representation of the key.
9344	Appends a string to the wx_obj and associates it with a data key in the _items_dict.
9345	Convert an object to a string representation, including class name, attributes, and values, with optional context and maximum column width.
9346	This function retrieves an object reference from a dictionary of GUI components, handling different scenarios such as finding by name, window, or using the provided parent.
9347	This method duplicates an object, setting new attributes and recursively duplicating its children.
9348	Adds a child widget to the sizer with specified flags, border, position, and span.
9349	Reparent component in wx if not initialized.
9350	Draws a bitmap on a device context with scrolling adjustments.
9351	Draw bitmap with clipping region
9352	Draws the label of a wxPython control at the origin.
9353	This Python script recursively searches for Python modules in a given directory, skipping specified modules, and organizes them into a tree structure.
9354	Returns a sorted list of column headings based on their index.
9355	Resets the grid's view by processing table messages and updating values.
9356	Updates grid values.
9357	Updates column attributes in a grid based on provided settings.
9358	Sorts the data in the specified column by the values in that column.
9359	Removes all items from the list in reverse order.
9360	Creates a `wx.ComboBox` with a specified parent, ID, and initial text, and binds a custom event handler to it.
9361	This method initializes a text control (`_tc`) with choices from a grid's column, setting the initial value to the current cell's value.
9362	Updates the table with the new value if it differs from the start value.
9363	Checks if the event is accepted based on certain conditions.
9364	This method processes keyboard events to convert numeric keypad keys to their corresponding characters and set them in a text control.
9365	Defines a metaclass for handling form tags based on type names.
9366	Enables all menu items based on a given value.
9367	Checks if any menu item is disabled.
9368	Enables all top-level menu items based on the given value.
9369	Checks if any menu item is disabled.
9370	Removes a specific menu from a list of (menu, title) tuples.
9371	Submits form data to container.
9372	Sets the tag for an object, converting attribute names to lowercase and handling empty values.
9373	This method processes an HTML table by replacing spaces in text nodes with non-breaking spaces.
9374	This function determines the appropriate documenter class for a given object based on its type and parent, returning the most appropriate class from a predefined registry.
9375	Transforms a function signature into a more compact format.
9376	This function attempts to import a module or object by name, handling cases where the name is a dotted path.
9377	Convert a role to an emphasis node if the import fails.
9378	Alerts a message with an icon and options.
9379	Prompts user for text input with optional title, default value, and multiline support.
9380	Selects a font from a dialog, setting it as the current font for a window.
9381	Selects a color from a dialog box.
9382	Choose directory from dialogs with optional message, path, and parent.
9383	Convert dialog search results to dictionary.
9384	Sets whether an item has children in a tree view.
9385	Sets the icon of a wx object based on the provided icon path.
9386	This method shows a window with an event loop to wait for user interaction.
9387	This function reads a file, decodes it, encodes it, and then evaluates it as a Python object.
9388	Saves a formatted representation of the input dictionary to a file.
9389	Builds a GUI window with specified components, menu bar, and panel.
9390	Builds a GUI component based on the provided specifications.
9391	This function connects a component to a controller, handling event bindings and warnings for unsupported components and events.
9392	Converts a name to a new name based on a mapping, printing a warning if the mapping exists.
9393	Sets data to the clipboard.
9394	Summarizes docstring for a given object.
9395	This method initializes a tree structure with a root node and populates it with data from a given object.
9396	Inspects an object in a tree view, scrolling to it and selecting it, and optionally showing a context menu.
9397	Activates an item in a tree, updating the selected object and loading a property editor if specified.
9398	Updates a tree item with new data.
9399	This method displays a context menu for a tree item, allowing the user to delete, duplicate, bring to front, send to back, and add children.
9400	Convert image URL to absolute URI based on context.
9401	Defines a decorator for filtering expressions based on a given name.
9402	It decorates a function to add a filter to a node.
9403	Asserts the current path against a query, raising an exception if the path does not resolve.
9404	Asserts that no current path exists for the given path.
9405	Checks if the current path matches the specified path. If not, returns False.
9406	Checks if there is a current path and returns False if not.
9407	Selects an option based on disabled status, warns if disabled, and calls base method.
9408	Applies a filter to an expression with a given value, skipping if the value is skipped or invalid.
9409	This function returns a WebDriver instance based on the specified browser name and optional capabilities and options.
9410	Convert expression to XPath if exact is not provided.
9411	This method checks if a node matches specified filters based on text and visibility conditions.
9412	Switches to the specified frame or parent/top frame based on the input.
9413	Accepts an alert with optional text and wait time.
9414	Accepts a confirmation modal with optional text and wait time.
9415	Dismiss modal with optional text and wait time.
9416	Accepts a prompt and yields the result.
9417	Dismiss prompt with optional text and wait time.
9418	Saves a webpage to a file.
9419	Saves a screenshot to the specified path using the provided driver.
9420	Raising server error if server has error and capybara raises server errors.
9421	This method checks if a node's value matches a given value, skipping if the value is skipped or invalid.
9422	Checks if a field with the specified locator is checked.
9423	Checks if a field does not have a 'checked' attribute.
9424	Checks if a field with a specific locator has the "checked" attribute.
9425	Checks if a field does not have an unchecked attribute.
9426	Asserts that the text query resolves to a count greater than zero or None, raising an expectation not met exception if not.
9427	Asserts that no text matches the query.
9428	Asserts that the title matches the expected title.
9429	Asserts that the title does not exist in the system.
9430	Checks if the object has a specific title.
9431	Checks if the object has a title, returning True if it does not raise an ExpectationNotMet exception.
9432	This method finds all elements matching a query and returns the result.
9433	Finds the first element matching the given arguments and keyword arguments using Capybara, returning the first element if found, otherwise returns None.
9434	This function extracts the text content of a node and its children, including any text following the children, and returns it as a single string.
9435	Extracts text content from an XML node, including child text and text following the node.
9436	Normalizes a URL by decoding and encoding query parameters.
9437	Decorator that wraps a setter method to accept an optional value.
9438	This code defines a decorator that synchronizes a function with a session, handling exceptions and timeouts.
9439	Determines if an error should be caught based on its type.
9440	Compares cache size against query options.
9441	Adds elements to the cache until it reaches the specified size.
9442	Checks if any of the specified options are not None.
9443	Generates a failure message based on given options.
9444	Checks if the count matches the specified criteria (count, maximum, minimum, or between).
9445	Normalizes text by decoding bytes, converting to string, and normalizing whitespace.
9446	Normalizes whitespace in a string by replacing multiple spaces with a single space and removing leading and trailing spaces.
9447	Convert text to regex pattern
9448	This method resolves a URL based on the session's current URL, considering various conditions and regular expressions.
9449	Resizes the window to the specified dimensions.
9450	Start a WSGI server in a separate thread, ensuring it becomes responsive within a timeout.
9451	Sets the getter function for an advanced property.
9452	Sets an instance method for the class.
9453	Sets the class method.
9454	Generates a detailed traceback string from the current exception.
9455	Returns the source code representation of an object or class.
9456	Returns a logger for the given instance or the default logger if none is found.
9457	Sets `self.__logger` to the provided logger or creates a new one if `logger` is `None` or not a `logging.Logger`.
9458	This method sends a GET request to a specified URL with optional parameters, logs the request, and returns the JSON response. It includes error handling for bad API responses.
9459	Returns a list of channels from the API.
9460	Retrieves user data from an API and returns a list of users.
9461	Generates a Slack message with the specified text and channel ID.
9462	Translates user and channel information from a message dictionary.
9463	Sends a message to a specified Slack channel.
9464	Reads messages from a channel, sends them to a Slack protocol, and schedules itself to read again after a delay.
9465	Runs the Slack client with the provided token and channel details.
9466	The method initializes a Slack client with a specified token and channel layer.
9467	This function computes the difference between two dictionaries, returning a dictionary of keys that have different values in the two dictionaries.
9468	Colorizes a message with a specified color.
9469	Sets `last_task_name` to the task's name and initializes `printed_last_task` to `False`.
9470	Prints the result of a task execution.
9471	Prints statistics for each host, highlighting failures, changes, and unreachables.
9472	Print skipped task details with color and formatting.
9473	Convert a prefix to an IP address and netmask.
9474	This is a decorator that returns a default value if the input is empty, otherwise it calls the original function.
9475	Adds a model to the object, handling string inputs, loading models, and validating model types.
9476	This method returns a dictionary containing elements from the `elements` list, optionally filtered based on the `filter` parameter.
9477	This method loads a dictionary into an object, checking for the existence of keys and loading models if necessary.
9478	Convert an object to a dictionary, optionally filtering out certain keys.
9479	The method `parse_config` iterates over a list of attributes, creating a `Parser` object for each attribute, and then parses the attribute using the `parse` method of the `Parser` object.
9480	This method parses a list of attributes from a device, creating a `Parser` object for each attribute and parsing it.
9481	Translates configuration settings based on provided merge and replace dictionaries.
9482	This function loads filters from a module and returns a dictionary of all filters.
9483	Finds and returns the path to a parsing file based on the provided parameters. If the file does not exist, logs an error and raises an IOError.
9484	Convert a model to a dictionary representation, optionally filtering by mode and showing defaults.
9485	This function compares two objects `f` and `s` and returns a dictionary indicating their differences.
9486	Handles HTTPS POST requests with verification.
9487	Generates authorization code URI with specified parameters.
9488	This method handles token retrieval by updating parameters, making a POST request, and parsing the response.
9489	Convert URL query string to dictionary
9490	Convert URL query parameters to a string.
9491	Constructs a URL by combining a base URL with additional query parameters.
9492	Logs the exception using a logger.
9493	Creates a response object with specified status code and headers, and sets the body.
9494	Constructs a redirect error response with specified parameters.
9495	This method creates a JSON response with specified headers and status code.
9496	This method generates an authorization code and redirects the user to the specified redirect URI with the authorization code and response type.
9497	Refreshes access and refresh tokens based on a refresh token.
9498	This method validates client credentials, checks for valid scope, and generates access tokens based on authorization code.
9499	This method extracts and validates authorization code from a URI, handling missing parameters and server errors.
9500	This method validates OAuth 2.0 POST parameters, handles token retrieval from refresh token or authorization code, and returns appropriate error responses for missing parameters or server errors.
9501	This method retrieves an authorization token from the authorization class, checks if the header is valid, and validates the access token if it is. If the token is invalid, it sets an error message.
9502	Closes the device if it's already open, opens the file for the specified bus with no buffering, and sets the device attribute.
9503	Read a byte from a device at a specified address.
9504	Read bytes from a device at a specified address with a given number of bytes.
9505	Read byte data from an I2C device using ctypes.
9506	Writes bytes to a device at a specified address.
9507	Writes byte data to a device at a specified address with a given command and value.
9508	Writes a block of data to an I2C device.
9509	Returns a CDN URL by formatting the base URL and path with the default effects.
9510	Copy file to target or local, depending on the target parameter.
9511	Creates a local copy of files with optional effects and store.
9512	Creates a remote copy of a file with optional effects, making it public, and applying a pattern.
9513	Constructs a new instance of the class from a given file information dictionary.
9514	Uploads a file to a specified store using the Uploadcare API.
9515	Uploads a file from a URL to a specified store.
9516	Uploads file from URL synchronously.
9517	Generates a list of CDN URLs for files based on their index and group CDN URL.
9518	Constructs a new instance of the class with the provided group information.
9519	Constructs a group from a list of files.
9520	This method fetches UUIDs in chunks and sends them to a REST request until all UUIDs are processed.
9521	Iterates over sequence items, yielding UUIDs for File objects and strings, raising ValueError for other types.
9522	Summarizes a function that processes a list of items based on a starting point, ordering, and limit, and prints the list using pretty-printing.
9523	This function takes an iterable, processes it in parts, and displays a progress bar.
9524	Uploads data to a specified URL using the provided verb, path, and optional data and files. It handles exceptions and returns the response data if successful.
9525	Retrieves the status of the home mode from the API.
9526	This method retrieves a list of cameras from a camera API using the provided parameters and returns a list of Camera objects.
9527	This method retrieves camera information from a specified API and returns a list of Camera objects.
9528	This method takes a camera ID and optional keyword arguments, constructs a payload, sends a GET request to the specified API endpoint, and returns the response content.
9529	Disables a camera by making a GET request to the specified API endpoint with the provided camera ID and additional keyword arguments.
9530	This method retrieves motion settings for a specified camera using the provided API endpoint and returns a `MotionSetting` object.
9531	Saves MDParamSave data for a specified camera.
9532	Updates `_motion_settings_by_id` with motion settings for each camera.
9533	Checks if the current list item is the last one by iterating through the list and comparing the current item's ID with the next item's ID.
9534	This function iterates through a list of elements, yielding only those that are not nested lists or headings.
9535	Returns the integer value of the `ilvl` element in the XML document, or -1 if no such element is found.
9536	This function retrieves the first `w:vMerge` element from an XML document using XPath and namespaces.
9537	Returns the value of the 'val' attribute of the first 'gridSpan' element in the XML document, or 1 if there is no such element.
9538	This function retrieves a table cell (td) at a specified index within a table row (tr) using XPath and a recursive approach to handle nested tables.
9539	Checks if a style is false based on a namespace and a value.
9540	Checks if a given run is bold.
9541	Checks if the text is italicized.
9542	Checks if a text is underlined in a given Rich Text (RTF) string.
9543	Checks if a paragraph has a 'Title' style.
9544	Iterates over XML elements, yields only those with specified tags.
9545	This function takes a tree, media, and image sizes as input, iterates through each relationship, and returns a dictionary with the target URLs after processing.
9546	This function reads XML files from a zip archive, extracts data, and returns a document XML and metadata object.
9547	This function checks if `numId` or `ilvl` are valid in the `numbering_dict` of `meta_data`, and returns the corresponding list type if they are valid, otherwise returns `DEFAULT_LIST_NUMBERING_STYLE`.
9548	This code method builds an HTML list from a given list of nodes and metadata, handling nested lists and merging them as needed.
9549	This function builds a table row element from a given table element, handling nested tables, lists, and text content, and returns the resulting table row element.
9550	Creates a table element from a given table and metadata.
9551	This function takes a tag `t`, its parent, and several flags to determine if it should be bold, italic, or underlined, then wraps the text in the appropriate HTML tags.
9552	Removes all elements with a specific tag from a tree.
9553	Creates a dataset directory and downloads a file from a URL.
9554	Loads MNIST dataset and returns images and labels.
9555	This function loads CIFAR-10 data from a tar file, extracts images and labels, and returns them as NumPy arrays.
9556	This function plots a grid of images in a specified location, with optional title.
9557	Plotting layers with weights and tied weights.
9558	This function plots a square image from a given set of filters.
9559	Generates batches of data from a list of arrays, each batch containing a specified number of steps and a specified batch size.
9560	Convert string to list of counts of each character.
9561	This method generates batches of input-output pairs for a classifier, using random offsets to select sequences from a text.
9562	Generates a sequence of characters by predicting probabilities and sampling from them.
9563	This method initializes a convolutional weight matrix for a neural network layer, setting parameters such as mean, standard deviation, and sparsity, and appends it to the model's parameters.
9564	Encodes input `x` through a feed-forward network, returning a binary sample if `sample` is True.
9565	Decodes input `z` through a neural network, applying specified regularizers and returning the final output.
9566	Finds the output layer of a neural network by layer index, name, or layer object.
9567	Calculates the score of the input data using the superclass method.
9568	Predicts the class with the highest probability from the output of the last layer.
9569	Predicts the probability of an input using a neural network.
9570	Predicts the logit output of the last layer in the neural network.
9571	Calculates the mean or weighted mean of the prediction accuracy for a given input and parameters.
9572	This function takes in features, labels, and sequence begins and lengths, and returns a batch of features, labels, and masks.
9573	This function generates a batch of data from a dataset, selecting a random subset of sequences based on their lengths.
9574	Loads a graph from a file.
9575	Generates a random matrix with specified properties, including mean, standard deviation, sparsity, radius, and diagonal.
9576	Generates a random vector of specified size with given mean and standard deviation, using a specified random number generator.
9577	Iterates over outputs and patterns, yielding matching names and expressions.
9578	Iterates over layers and patterns, yields matching parameter names.
9579	This function generates regularizers based on various keyword arguments provided, including dropout and noise specifications.
9580	Returns a list containing the target and weights if they are not None.
9581	Calculates the accuracy of predictions based on the given outputs and target.
9582	This method defines a scan operation in a neural network using Theano, which takes inputs, outputs, and optional parameters like step, constants, and direction. It initializes the scan operation with the appropriate inputs and outputs, and returns the result of the scan operation.
9583	Builds an activation function based on the given name and parameters.
9584	This function resamples a dataset to a specified size using a reservoir sampling algorithm.
9585	Sets the loss list and adds losses to it.
9586	Trains a model using the specified algorithm and saves it periodically.
9587	Trains the model with given arguments and returns the monitors.
9588	Generates a hash of the model's layers, losses, and regularizers.
9589	Builds a computation graph for a neural network with given regularizers.
9590	Returns a list of input layers from the neural network.
9591	Appends variables not seen in previous losses to the result list.
9592	Finds a layer by index or name and returns it, or raises a KeyError if not found.
9593	Compiles a feed-forward function using the provided regularizers and inputs.
9594	Predicts the output of the neural network using the given input and keyword arguments.
9595	Calculates the score based on the difference between the predicted and actual values, with weights applied.
9596	Saves the model to a file using gzip if the filename ends with '.gz', otherwise uses the built-in open function. If the filename is a string, it closes the file after saving.
9597	Loads a model from a file or handle.
9598	Calculates the total loss by summing the weighted losses of the model's layers and regularization terms.
9599	Updates from regularizers and graph construction
9600	Returns the last dimension of the output shape of the layer.
9601	Transforms inputs, sorts outputs if necessary, and returns a dictionary of expressions.
9602	Resets input and output shapes, resolves inputs and outputs, builds activation function, and initializes model if specified.
9603	Resolves input shapes based on provided layers.
9604	Resolves output shapes based on input shapes and size.
9605	Logs the layer's name, output shape, and input shapes, along with the number of learnable parameters.
9606	Calculates the total product of parameter shapes.
9607	Formats a string with the object's name if it doesn't contain a curly brace.
9608	Resolves a layer's name based on a given name and layers, raising an error if multiple matches are found. If no match is found, it returns the output name of the first match.
9609	Finds parameter by key or name.
9610	Adds a bias term to the model parameters.
9611	Convert keyword arguments to a dictionary, update with class name, name, and activation type.
9612	The method `loggabor` computes a complex image based on input parameters and applies various preprocessing steps.
9613	Logs the Gabor transform of an image with specified parameters and returns the inverted result.
9614	Adds a tier to the list of tiers with the specified name and type, optionally specifying a number.
9615	Removes a tier from the tiers list based on the provided name or index.
9616	Returns tier based on name or index.
9617	Convert a text tier to an EAF file with optional point length and skip empty annotations.
9618	Adds a point with a value to the intervals list if the tier type is TextTier and there is no overlap.
9619	Adds an interval to the tier with the specified begin, end, and value, ensuring no overlap and that the begin is smaller than the end.
9620	Removes intervals that overlap with the given time.
9621	Removes intervals from the list that start at the given time.
9622	Iterates over sorted intervals or self.intervals, yielding each interval.
9623	This method sorts intervals, inserts gaps, and merges overlapping intervals.
9624	Indent elements with specified level, adding indentation to text and tail attributes.
9625	This method adds an annotation to a tier in a data structure, ensuring that the annotation does not overlap with existing annotations and that the start and end times are valid.
9626	Adds a new entry to the controlled vocabulary with the given CV ID, CVE ID, and values.
9627	Adds a description to a controlled vocabulary for a given language.
9628	Adds an external reference to the object.
9629	Adds a language to the `languages` dictionary with the given `lang_id`, `lang_def`, and `lang_label`.
9630	Adds a new lexicon reference to the `lexicon_refs` dictionary.
9631	Adds a linguistic type with optional parameters to the dictionary.
9632	Adds a linked file to the media descriptors with specified attributes.
9633	Adds a locale to the dictionary with the given language code, country code, and variant.
9634	Adds a secondary linked file descriptor to the object.
9635	This method adds a new tier to a dictionary with specified attributes.
9636	Removes duplicate time slots from a dictionary.
9637	Removes annotations outside specified time range.
9638	Generates a unique annotation ID based on the timeslots.
9639	Generates a unique timestamp ID based on the provided time or the maximum existing timestamp.
9640	Returns a list of child tiers for a given tier ID.
9641	Returns the minimum and maximum timeslots as a tuple.
9642	This method retrieves the earliest reference annotation data for a given time interval within a specified tier.
9643	Returns the maximum annotation data before a given time.
9644	Returns a list of tier IDs for a given linguistic type and parent tier.
9645	Merges tiers with gaps and annotations.
9646	Removes all annotations from a tier and clears the tier.
9647	Removes a language reference from the controlled vocabulary.
9648	Removes a license from the dictionary based on name and URL.
9649	Removes media descriptors based on specified attributes.
9650	Removes a property from the dictionary if the key and value match.
9651	Removes annotations within specified time range from a tier.
9652	Removes secondary linked files based on specified attributes.
9653	Removes a tier from the tiers dictionary and cleans time slots if clean is True.
9654	Removes tiers from the object and cleans time slots.
9655	This method renames a tier in a data structure by updating the tier ID and parent reference for all child tiers.
9656	This method shifts annotations based on a given time, updating the timeslots and annotations accordingly.
9657	This Python script processes text input, handling various options like encoding, case sensitivity, and debugging. It uses the `algorithm` module to display the text and adjusts the encoding based on the output encoding.
9658	Debugs storage information, including base level, base directory, runs, characters, and result levels.
9659	This function calculates the base level of a given text based on its Unicode characters and the specified directionality.
9660	This function processes text to assign embedding levels based on Unicode characters and their bidirectional properties, storing the results in a storage dictionary.
9661	This function processes a storage object, applying various transformations based on the Unicode bidirectional type of characters. It handles explicit embedding and overrides, as well as adjustments for specific Unicode types.
9662	This function calculates run levels based on the characters in a storage dictionary, appending each run to a list of runs.
9663	This function resolves weak types in a storage object based on specific rules, including changing NSMs, European numbers, and other types based on their positions and types.
9664	This function resolves neutral types in a storage object based on the surrounding strong text and embedding levels.
9665	Reverses contiguous sequences of characters within a specified range based on their level.
9666	Applies L1 to reorder resolved levels in a storage object.
9667	The method `process` takes a `context` object and sets the `currentFile` data attribute to the normalized path of the current Maya scene.
9668	Converts a list of lines by replacing specific PySide2 imports with Qt imports.
9669	Adds a name-value pair to the object's attributes.
9670	Convert a .ui file to a Python module using PySide2.
9671	Sets attributes of `binding` based on `self` attributes and appends them to `self.__added__`.
9672	This function searches for a Maya window and returns its GUI if found, otherwise calls `_show_no_gui()`.
9673	This function iterates over registered GUIs, attempts to import and show each one, and returns the first one that successfully loads.
9674	Deregisters hosts "mayabatch", "mayapy", and "maya".
9675	Adds a menu item to Maya's file menu.
9676	This function maintains the selection state of Maya, ensuring that the previous selection is restored after the function execution.
9677	This function yields the current time and then restores it after execution.
9678	Displays a warning message box with instructions on how to register a graphical user interface if none are found.
9679	This method initializes a list of types by loading them from a list of strings.
9680	This method calculates the cumulative sum of data from a list of dictionaries.
9681	Extracts values from a dataset based on a specified axis.
9682	Draws a constant line on the graph with specified label and style.
9683	This method calculates the transformation parameters for a graph based on the x and y ranges and font size.
9684	Reverses a dictionary by swapping keys and values.
9685	Generates a sequence of floating-point numbers from `start` to `stop` with a step of `step`.
9686	Adds data to the list using robust_add function.
9687	Adds a drop shadow filter to the defs element with specified width, height, and standard deviation.
9688	Adds data to the list after validating and processing it.
9689	This method burns the graph by checking for data, running calculations, rendering SVG, and appending the graph to the root.
9690	Calculates the left margin for a plot based on various settings.
9691	Calculates the right margin for a box based on key length, font size, and padding.
9692	Calculates the top margin based on the presence of graph title and subtitle.
9693	This method adds a popup label and a circle to the foreground element of a graphical user interface, with the label positioned at the specified coordinates and styled with a black fill and text anchor.
9694	Calculates the bottom margin for a chart based on various properties.
9695	Draws a graph with axes and labels.
9696	Draw text labels with specified style and background.
9697	Draws x labels with specified spacing.
9698	Draws y labels with specified formatting.
9699	Draws x-axis guidelines on a graph.
9700	Draws y-axis guidelines based on the given parameters.
9701	Draw titles based on show_graph_title, show_graph_subtitle, show_x_title, and show_y_title flags.
9702	This method parses CSS styles from HTML elements and applies them to the elements.
9703	This method initializes an SVG element with attributes, adds a processing instruction for a stylesheet, appends comments, defines styles, and adds a background rectangle.
9704	Returns a list of stylesheet resources.
9705	Runs an IRC bot with specified parameters.
9706	Sends data to a socket if registered or forced, otherwise appends to buffer.
9707	Connects to a server using a socket, handling SSL if enabled, and returns False on connection failure.
9708	Sends a private message to a channel or user based on the provided parameters.
9709	Returns a tuple of regex patterns and corresponding handlers for different IRC commands.
9710	Updates the nickname with a unique number and logs a warning if the new nickname is already taken. Registers the new nickname and handles the change.
9711	Logs server ping and sends PONG response.
9712	Handles registration and sends buffered data.
9713	The method `enter_event_loop` initializes a receive loop, reads data from a socket, and processes it based on predefined patterns and callbacks.
9714	Registers with boss after waiting for 10 seconds.
9715	This method runs a task queue, processes commands, and sends output to a channel.
9716	The method `require_boss` checks if the provided `nick` matches the `boss` attribute of the object. If not, it returns without calling the `callback`. Otherwise, it calls the `callback` with the provided `nick`, `message`, and `channel` arguments.
9717	Defines a method `command_patterns` that returns a tuple of tuples, each containing a regular expression pattern and a corresponding method to handle the command.
9718	Registers a user in the specified channel.
9719	Executes a task based on the provided parameters.
9720	Adds a new worker with the given nickname to the data dictionary and the workers set.
9721	Validates email and sends notification if not verified.
9722	Sends a password reset notification to the current user.
9723	Validates password strength by checking if all required characters are present.
9724	Verifies a user's token, raising exceptions if the token is invalid or the user does not exist.
9725	Deletes an object and returns a 204 No Content response.
9726	Checks if the request method is not POST and returns True, otherwise calls the superclass method to allow the request.
9727	Creates a thread pool executor with the specified maximum number of workers.
9728	Initialize Docker client with TLS configuration and environment variables.
9729	Returns TLS certificate and key if available, otherwise returns None.
9730	Returns a formatted string combining service prefix, owner, and server name.
9731	Executes a Docker method with provided arguments.
9732	Executes a Docker method asynchronously.
9733	This method polls for running tasks in a Docker service, logs their states, and returns 1 if there is at most one running task, otherwise 0.
9734	Stops and removes a Docker service.
9735	Filters queryset based on lowercase value.
9736	Updates an instance's password if the old password is valid.
9737	Updates an instance's password and saves it.
9738	Validates an email address by checking if a user exists with that email and if the email is verified. If either condition is not met, raises a `ValidationError`.
9739	Handles user login, creates a token, and returns a response.
9740	This method checks for a valid token header in a request, deletes the corresponding user from the database, and sends a response indicating success.
9741	Handles email verification for authenticated users.
9742	Handles user registration by sending a confirmation email.
9743	Updates the expiry date based on the creation date and saves the changes if specified.
9744	Generates a dictionary for password reset email context.
9745	Sends an email using the provided notification details and context.
9746	Handles password reset email notifications.
9747	Handles email validation for a notification.
9748	Authenticates user based on token.
9749	Authenticate credentials by checking token expiration and updating it if necessary.
9750	Summarize the code method in one line.
9751	Transforms Bokeh plots by updating server communication and callback codes.
9752	Generates a JavaScript callback for updating a plot based on a change in a data source.
9753	Adds a widget to the dictionary if it doesn't exist, otherwise returns the existing widget.
9754	This function renders a given object using Holoviews, handling both notebook and server modes.
9755	Convert `value` to string and remove `options` from keyword arguments.
9756	Convert object names to strings and append to list
9757	Returns the owner of a method.
9758	Assigns authentication values based on the input.
9759	This method attempts to perform a HEAD request on a specified URL using the `transport` object. If a `TransportError` occurs, it raises a `gen.Return` with `False`. Otherwise, it raises a `gen.Return` with `True`.
9760	This method performs a GET request using the specified parameters and returns the response data.
9761	Summarizes the `health` method in a concise manner.
9762	Convert bytes to human-readable format.
9763	Calculates total CPU load by summing system, user, and other loads.
9764	Convert memory size to KB and optionally human-readable format.
9765	Convert network traffic to human-readable format if specified.
9766	Returns a list of volume IDs from the data.
9767	Returns the volume with the specified ID from the data dictionary.
9768	Calculates total volume size in bytes, optionally converting to human-readable format.
9769	Calculates the percentage of used space in a given volume.
9770	Calculates average disk temperature from a volume dictionary.
9771	Calculates the maximum temperature of disks in a volume.
9772	Returns the disk with the specified ID from the data dictionary.
9773	Logs authentication result and returns True if successful, False otherwise.
9774	This method checks for session errors, resets the session, and retries the request if necessary.
9775	Executes a GET request with an access token appended to the URL, handles session errors, and returns JSON data if successful, otherwise returns None.
9776	Updates system and storage utilization information using API calls.
9777	Initializes and returns a `SynoUtilization` object based on the system utilization API.
9778	Initializes storage object from Synology API.
9779	This method processes a request, extracts tenant and JWT data, and returns a context object with tenant, sender, and signed request information.
9780	Retrieves the tenant token from the object's attributes or fetches it from the tenant service if not available.
9781	Build attributes for a widget.
9782	Updates installed apps with provided apps and returns the updated settings.
9783	```python
def without_apps(*apps): return override_settings(INSTALLED_APPS=[a for a in settings.INSTALLED_APPS if a not in apps])
```
9784	Extracts global settings as a dictionary.
9785	Handles GET requests, redirects to authorization URL if code is not found, or displays a success message if code is found.
9786	This method retrieves a value from a configuration file, applying transformations like splitting and converting to boolean based on provided parameters. It handles exceptions and returns a default value if an error occurs.
9787	Modifies a configuration file by adding a new section or updating an existing one.
9788	Migrates OAuth2Util config file from old format to new format.
9789	Starts a web server with an optional authorization URL.
9790	Wait for server response, shutdown after 5 seconds if no response.
9791	This method retrieves and stores access information from Reddit using OAuth2Util, handling errors and logging.
9792	The method checks for the presence of specific configuration keys and logs a message if any are missing, then retrieves new access information.
9793	Refreshes OAuth2 tokens with retries if necessary.
9794	Refreshes OAuth2 tokens if necessary, handling retries and logging.
9795	Creates a DynamoDB table with specified attributes and key schema, waits for the table to exist, or raises an exception if the table already exists.
9796	Splits S3 path into bucket and normalized path.
9797	Checks if a specified S3 bucket and prefix contain any Glacier objects.
9798	Extracts the run ID from a filename by splitting, stripping, and parsing.
9799	Convert dictionary to new dictionary with non-None values
9800	Adds an item to a DynamoDB table.
9801	Checks if a run ID exists in a DynamoDB table.
9802	Extracts schema details from a URI using regular expressions.
9803	This function takes a prefix, a schema dictionary, and returns a formatted string based on the schema's vendor, name, and version.
9804	This function parses JSON data, groups contexts by their schemas, and returns a list of unique schemas along with their corresponding data.
9805	Transforms unstructured data into structured data.
9806	Transforms a tab-separated line into a JSON object with known fields and geolocation data.
9807	Transforms an event dictionary into a JSON object, adding geolocation data if specified and handling errors gracefully.
9808	This function determines the used template name from a response object, handling different types of template inputs.
9809	Summarizes context by formatting and collapsing long objects.
9810	Summarizes the code method to print variables with error handling and formatting.
9811	Convert SQL to HTML with line breaks and bold tags.
9812	Convert Django context object to HTML string.
9813	Convert dictionary to HTML summary
9814	Escapes text, applies formatting, and highlights specific objects in the text.
9815	Formats an object using PrettyPrinter, handling exceptions and returning formatted output along with a boolean indicating success.
9816	Handles exceptions by writing formatted exception messages to the stream.
9817	Extracts a token from a LaTeX string at a given position, considering brackets and environments.
9818	Extracts LaTeX nodes from a string based on specified conditions.
9819	Convert LaTeX content to text.
9820	Sets the input directory and initializes macros for LaTeX walker.
9821	Reads input file from specified path, ensuring it's within the mandated directory and handles various file types.
9822	Convert LaTeX to text using a `LatexWalker` and return the first node's text.
9823	Converts a string from UTF-8 to LaTeX, handling non-ASCII characters and optional formatting.
9824	Converts a string to UTF-8 encoding.
9825	Fetches JSON data from a specified URI with optional query parameters.
9826	This method retrieves boards from a specified URI, processes each board JSON, and returns a list of created boards.
9827	This method retrieves members from a JSON API, processes each member, and returns a list of processed members.
9828	Updates an organisation by sending a PUT request with the specified query parameters.
9829	Removes a member from the system by making a DELETE request to the specified URI.
9830	Adds a member by their ID with a specified membership type.
9831	Adds a member to the system with the specified email, full name, and membership type.
9832	Fetches JSON data from a specified URI with optional query parameters.
9833	Adds a card to the system.
9834	Fetch JSON data from a specified URI with optional query parameters.
9835	Fetch items from the specified URI with optional query parameters.
9836	Updates label name by fetching JSON from base URI and creating a new label.
9837	Updates label dictionary with JSON data from a specified URI.
9838	Generates an authorization URL for an application with specified parameters.
9839	Fetch JSON data from a specified URI with optional query parameters.
9840	This method retrieves a board from a specified URI using query parameters, then creates a new board using the retrieved JSON data.
9841	This method retrieves a list from a specified URI using query parameters, then creates a list from the retrieved JSON data.
9842	This method retrieves checklists from a base URI, processes each checklist, and returns a list of created checklists.
9843	Adds a comment to the specified URI path using a POST request with the given comment text.
9844	This method adds an attachment to a specified URI using the provided filename and file values.
9845	Adds a checklist to the system.
9846	Adds a label to the specified URI using a POST request with optional query parameters.
9847	Fetch JSON from base URI with POST method and query parameters for label value.
9848	This method fetches members from a JSON API, creates them, and returns a list of created members.
9849	Fetch member information from the API using the provided query parameters.
9850	This method retrieves cards from a JSON API, processes each card, and returns a list of processed cards.
9851	This method retrieves organizations from a JSON API, processes each organization, and returns a list of created organizations.
9852	Creates a new board using the provided query parameters.
9853	Decorator that wraps a method to dispatch based on the class of its first argument.
9854	Fetches board information from the API.
9855	This method retrieves lists from a JSON endpoint, processes each list, and returns a list of processed lists.
9856	This method retrieves labels from a JSON API, processes them, and returns a list of created labels.
9857	Fetch card details and create a new card using the fetched data.
9858	This method retrieves checklists from a JSON source, processes each checklist, and returns a list of processed checklists.
9859	This method retrieves an organisation from a base URI with optional query parameters, then creates a new organisation using the retrieved JSON.
9860	Updates the board with the provided JSON data.
9861	Adds a list to the API using the provided query parameters.
9862	Adds a label to the system.
9863	Fetches checklist information from the Trello API.
9864	Retrieves a card from the client using the provided card ID.
9865	This method retrieves checklist items from a card and returns a list of created checklist items.
9866	Updates a checklist by fetching JSON from a specified URI and creating a new checklist with the fetched data.
9867	Adds an item to the system.
9868	Removes an item from the system by making a DELETE request to the specified URI.
9869	Updates a name in a checklist item.
9870	Updates state of a checklist item.
9871	Adds API key and user authentication token to query parameters.
9872	Handles HTTP errors by raising appropriate exceptions based on the response status.
9873	Constructs a URL for Trello API requests.
9874	Fetches JSON data from a specified URI using HTTP methods and headers.
9875	Creates an organisation object using the provided JSON data.
9876	Creates a new board object using the provided JSON data.
9877	Creates a label object using the provided JSON data.
9878	Creates a new list in Trello using the provided JSON data.
9879	Creates a new card using the provided JSON data.
9880	Creates a checklist object using the provided JSON data.
9881	Creates a new member object using the provided JSON data.
9882	`get_organisation` creates a new organisation using the provided `id` and `name`.
9883	`get_board` creates a board with the given `id` and `name`.
9884	`get_list` creates a list with the given `id` and `name`.
9885	`get_card` creates a card with the given `id` and `name`.
9886	`get_checklist` creates a checklist with the given `id` and `name`.
9887	`get_member` creates a member with the specified `id` and `name`.
9888	Convert a URL to its domain part.
9889	Convert text to raw text markupless.
9890	Convert text to raw text by removing URLs, MVAR, squiggly brackets, tables, brackets, remaining double brackets, markup, Wikipedia links, bullets, non-breaking spaces, dates, math sections, HTML, and sentence tokens.
9891	Convert text to raw text pairings.
9892	Sets a password for a service and username by encrypting the password, encoding it with base64, and writing it to a configuration file.
9893	This function splits a string into parts based on a list of positions, yielding each part as a string.
9894	Mark regex matches in text at specified locations.
9895	This function marks the start and end of each match in a given text using a regular expression, and sets the split locations accordingly.
9896	Main function with command line tool execution and error handling.
9897	Generates an AES cipher using Argon2 hashing for key derivation.
9898	Returns a list of available AES modes or a specific mode based on the input.
9899	This method checks for the presence of specific Python packages and raises an error if any are missing.
9900	This method checks and sets the encryption scheme from a configuration file, raising errors if the scheme is missing, invalid, or mismatched.
9901	Logs debug message with payload.
9902	Generates a unique ID by incrementing the current ID modulo 65536 and ensuring it is not zero.
9903	Handles unexpected MQTT connect operations by returning a failure with a specific error message.
9904	Logs unexpected CONNACK packet in self.__class__.__name__
9905	Encodes a string into a byte array with a length prefix.
9906	Decodes a string encoded by repeating a character a certain number of times.
9907	Convert an integer to a 2-byte encoded bytearray.
9908	Converts an integer to a byte array using a modified ASCII encoding.
9909	Decodes a length encoded in a byte array.
9910	Encodes a header with a specific byte and returns it as a string or bytes.
9911	Encodes MQTT packet with version, flags, keepalive, clientId, willTopic, willMessage, username, and password.
9912	Decodes MQTT packet, extracting version, flags, keepalive, clientId, and optional will and user credentials.
9913	Encodes a session and result code into a byte array.
9914	Decodes a packet, setting session and result code based on the first two bytes.
9915	Decodes a packet into message ID and topics, handling variable-length topics and QoS levels.
9916	Encodes a message with a header and payload, returning the encoded data.
9917	Encodes a message with QoS 1 and topics into a byte array.
9918	Decodes a packet into a message ID and topics.
9919	Encodes a message with a header and returns the encoded data.
9920	Encodes MQTT message header and payload.
9921	Decodes MQTT packet into its components.
9922	Decodes a packet, extracting message ID and duplication flag.
9923	Constructs a URL for a VK API method with optional parameters.
9924	This method sends a GET request to a specified URL with optional parameters and returns the JSON response.
9925	Refreshes the blocks based on the rank of the current process.
9926	Transforms data into a matrix and identifies sampled values.
9927	Transforms data using a scaler.
9928	Fits KMeans model to data with specified number of clusters and additional keyword arguments.
9929	Fits a MeanShift clustering model to the input data using the specified bandwidth and bin seeding.
9930	This method fits a clustering model to the input data using the specified method and parameters, sorts the cluster centers by the first column, and recalculates the labels to ensure consistency with the cluster centers.
9931	Predicts clusters based on data.
9932	Creates an array of size `size` initialized to `-2`, then sets the values at indices specified in `sampled` to the corresponding values in `clusters`.
9933	Labels clusters based on their contents.
9934	Convert datetime to specified format
9935	Calculates the total number of points in a dictionary.
9936	Returns the maximum time span from a dictionary of dictionaries.
9937	Convert input value to absolute, scale down until below `llim`, then return scaled value and corresponding unit.
9938	Transforms a string into a regex pattern.
9939	Extracts the first two groups from the input string and concatenates them.
9940	Extracts the first three characters of the input string and the first three digits, then concatenates them.
9941	Collates data from a directory into a specified output directory.
9942	Enumerate boolean array indices and assign starting index to each range.
9943	Convert a list of tuples to a boolean array based on a range.
9944	Smooths an array using a moving average kernel.
9945	This function computes the rolling gradient of a 2D array using NumPy's `rolling_window` function and `polyfit` to fit a linear polynomial to each window.
9946	`findmins` returns a boolean array indicating the indices where `x` is less than the next element and greater than the previous element.
9947	Clustering data using MeanShift algorithm with specified bandwidth and bin seeding.
9948	Clustering data into `n_clusters` clusters using K-means algorithm and returning labels and an empty list.
9949	Clustering data using DBSCAN with dynamic epsilon adjustment.
9950	Extracts unique SRM indices from a table.
9951	Read configuration file and return dictionary.
9952	Reads a configuration file named 'latools.cfg' from the 'latools' package and returns the file path and the configuration parser object.
9953	Prints all configurations from a configuration file, including default and reproducible sections, with resource paths resolved.
9954	Copies SRM file from configuration to specified destination.
9955	This function reads a configuration file, adds a new section if it doesn't exist, sets parameters based on the input, and writes the updated configuration back to a file.
9956	Changes the default configuration in a configuration file based on user input.
9957	`exclude_downhole` filters a boolean array `filt` by removing elements that are more than `threshold` indices apart.
9958	This function defragments a boolean array by replacing elements within specified ranges with a specified value based on a threshold.
9959	Despike data using specified methods and update despiked data in the object.
9960	This function generates an autorange plot for a given dataset, focusing on a specified analyte and applying transformations.
9961	This method initializes background, signal, and training ranges based on boolean indices, then calculates the number of traces.
9962	Calculates the ratio of data to an internal standard.
9963	Calibrates data using calibration parameters and internal standard.
9964	This method calculates statistics for specified analytes in a dataset, applying a filter and applying a function to each trace.
9965	Calculates the maximum time difference between consecutive time points for each group in the dataset.
9966	This method filters data based on a given threshold for a specified analyte, updating the filter set accordingly.
9967	Filters gradient threshold based on given parameters.
9968	Calculates correlation between two analytes with a specified window size and optional filtering.
9969	Filters correlation between two analytes based on specified thresholds.
9970	Filters a new item based on a filter string.
9971	This method returns a dictionary containing various parameters of an object, including filter parameters, sequence, and a key dictionary.
9972	Generates a histogram for each key in a dataset, optionally with specified bins, log scale, color, and number of columns.
9973	This function calculates summary statistics and regression analysis for residuals from two datasets, comparing them for same distribution and regression slope/intercept.
9974	This function loads reference data from Google Sheets and returns it as a pandas DataFrame.
9975	This function `lookup` takes two parameters, `TC` and `G`, and returns an optional type class. It checks if `G` is a string and raises an exception if it is. It then checks if `G` is a type, `_GenericAlias`, or `TypeVar`. If `G` is a type or `_GenericAlias`, it returns the type class. If `G` is a `TypeVar`, it returns the type class with the bound set to `G.__bound__`. If `G` is neither a type, `_GenericAlias`, nor `TypeVar`, it raises an exception.
9976	This function calculates the weighted mean atomic weight of elements from a pickle file, optionally including all isotopes.
9977	Calculates molecular weight of a chemical formula.
9978	Generates a tuple of ANSI sequences from a list of color and style tuples.
9979	This function filters out elements from a stack that are not in a given predicate and returns a tuple containing the remaining elements and the first element that is in the predicate.
9980	`dedup` function takes a tuple as input and returns a new tuple with duplicates removed.
9981	This function calculates the weighted average, standard deviation, and standard error of a dataset using Gaussian weighting.
9982	Calculates the Gaussian function with parameters A, mu, and sigma.
9983	Calculates the standard deviation of finite elements in an array.
9984	This method retrieves samples from a dictionary based on a given subset name. If no subset is specified, it defaults to 'All_Samples'. If the specified subset does not exist, it raises a KeyError.
9985	Despikes data using exponential decay and noise reduction techniques.
9986	This method calculates a weighted mean background for a given set of analytes using Gaussian statistics.
9987	This method calculates background for specified analytes using interpolation and padding.
9988	Subtracts background from data using interpolators and updates focus stage.
9989	Calculates ratios using internal standard.
9990	This method creates a subset of samples from a given list, checking for duplicates and ensuring all samples are valid.
9991	Filters gradients based on percentile thresholds for a given analyte.
9992	Fits a classifier to a dataset using specified parameters.
9993	Applies a classifier to a dataset using a progress bar.
9994	Filters correlation between two analytes in a dataset.
9995	Filters samples based on specified filters and analytes.
9996	Filters out specified analytes from samples using the `filt.off` method.
9997	This method filters and prints the representation of data samples based on the provided subset or sample.
9998	Filters samples based on a threshold and mode, adding a defragmentation filter to each sample.
9999	Summarize the `filter_nremoved` method in one line.
10000	This function generates a gradient histogram for specified analytes, using a specified window size, filtering, and binning. It plots the histogram for each analyte, with a dashed line at zero, and labels the axes appropriately.
10001	This method calculates gradients and plots a crossplot of analytes against time, optionally saving the plot.
10002	This method generates histograms for specified analytes in a dataset, applying filters and customizing the appearance based on user preferences.
10003	Draws trace plots for specified samples and analytes, saving them to a directory.
10004	Draw gradient plots for specified samples and analytes.
10005	This method filters reports based on specified analytes and parameters, creating plots and saving them to a directory.
10006	This method calculates statistics for each sample in a dataset, applying specified functions and custom functions, and updates the dataset's statistics.
10007	This method calculates statistics for a dataset, optionally saving the results to a file.
10008	This function exports minimal reproduction datasets from LATOOLS, including data, metadata, and analysis details.
10009	This function exports trace data from a dataset, applying filters and processing based on specified stages and analytes.
10010	Saves a log file with specified directory, name, and header.
10011	This method exports minimal reproduction datasets from LATOOLS, including data, srm table, custom functions, and analysis log.
10012	This function reads a file, splits it based on a regular expression, and writes the segments to separate files.
10013	Folds a list of values using a binary function and an initial value, applying a transformation to each element before folding.
10014	This function performs PCA visualization, plotting components and scatter/histograms based on input data.
10015	Calculates the Bayes scale for a given array `s` by first filtering out NaN values, then applying Bayesian multivariate scaling, and finally normalizing the result.
10016	Calculates the median scaled values of a dataset, ignoring NaN values.
10017	Despikes noisy signal using a moving average kernel.
10018	This function performs an exponential decay despike on a signal by identifying and replacing outliers that are beyond a certain threshold based on the exponential decay of the signal.
10019	This method adds a new component to a set with a unique name, updating the component's filter, information, parameters, and switches.
10020	Removes elements from a dictionary based on a specified key or index.
10021	Clears the components, info, params, switches, keys, index, sets, maxset, and n attributes of the object.
10022	Removes unused components based on switch states.
10023	Finds matching filter names based on a fuzzy key.
10024	Transforms a string into a boolean array based on a pattern.
10025	This method retrieves a filter index based on a filter key and analyte.
10026	Generates a formatted string containing key-value pairs from a dictionary sorted by keys.
10027	Logs the return value of a function and appends the function name and arguments to a list.
10028	Writes a log file with a header and log entries.
10029	This function reads a log file, extracts paths and run arguments, and returns them.
10030	Wraps a function with timeout and handles login errors.
10031	This code defines an asynchronous function `get_information` that uses `aiohttp` to interact with an Eternal Egypt modem. It logs in, retrieves information, prints each SMS, logs out, and closes the session.
10032	This code defines an asynchronous function `send_message` that uses the `aiohttp` library to send an SMS message to a specified phone number using an `eternalegypt.Modem` object.
10033	Convert file or string to SQL syntax.
10034	Generates a URL for viewing a Jupyter notebook from a given URL.
10035	Generates a thumbnail div with snippet, thumbnail, and reference information.
10036	Summarizes the `code_div` method by returning `None` if `code_example` is `None`, otherwise formatting the code snippet and reference using the `CODE_TEMPLATE`.
10037	Returns the code example from the notebook metadata if available, otherwise returns `None`.
10038	Returns the URL of the notebook if available, otherwise returns a default URL.
10039	Returns the base name of the output file with the specified extension.
10040	This method processes a notebook file, optionally disabling warnings, writing the processed notebook to an output file, and optionally removing tags and writing the resulting Python file.
10041	Convert Jupyter notebook to Python script.
10042	Summarizes the code method to return a formatted string with download links for multiple files or a single file.
10043	This method creates a thumbnail from a given figure, handling different types of input and saving the thumbnail.
10044	This function extracts the header and description from a markdown cell in a notebook.
10045	Resizes an image to fit within specified dimensions while maintaining aspect ratio.
10046	Saves a thumbnail of an image to a specified directory.
10047	Copies a thumbnail figure to a specified location based on the input file or metadata.
10048	Retrieves a URL from a dictionary or string, appending the file name if necessary.
10049	Iterates over language codes, yields if not found in database fields, and yields if matches pattern.
10050	This function retrieves a field's value based on the current language or a fallback language, returning a default value if none is found.
10051	Processes a thumbnail file by applying post-processing processors.
10052	This method saves an image file from a model instance, resizing it if specified, and returns the saved file object.
10053	Refreshes the cache with thumbnails from the metadata backend.
10054	Returns thumbnails if available, otherwise refreshes and returns them.
10055	Creates a thumbnail image from the source image with specified size and metadata backend.
10056	Deletes an image from the storage with specified size and metadata backend.
10057	This function creates a thumbnail from a source file, processes it, saves it to a storage backend, and adds it to a metadata backend.
10058	This function retrieves a thumbnail from a specified source and metadata backend, returning the thumbnail object if successful.
10059	Deletes a thumbnail from both storage and metadata backends.
10060	Handles incoming message, logs traffic, and returns message.
10061	Subscribes a callback to a subscriber list based on the digits of a number.
10062	Returns a set of states based on the acceptance, delivery, expiration, and error flags.
10063	Registers a provider with the given name and configuration.
10064	Sends a message using the specified provider or routing function.
10065	Registers a Flask handler to initialize `g.provider` with the current IProvider instance.
10066	This method creates a dictionary of receiver blueprints for each provider in the system. It iterates over the providers, attempts to retrieve a receiver blueprint for each, and stores it in the dictionary. If a provider does not support receivers, it is ignored.
10067	Populate fields, fire event hook, finish return message
10068	Populates fields, fires event hook, returns status
10069	This Python function wraps another function to handle HTTP exceptions and return a JSON response with the appropriate status code and error message.
10070	This method forwards an object to clients based on their type and handles errors.
10071	Convert transaction to RLP, sign with private key, and return RLP and hash.
10072	Estimates gas for a transaction using the Ethereum client.
10073	Estimates gas for a transaction with a proxy and nested calls.
10074	Writes bytes to the output buffer, optionally waiting for flushing if requested.
10075	Reads bytes from a serial device asynchronously.
10076	This method sends an email, handling sender, recipients, and other configurations.
10077	This method generates an email message based on the provided body, HTML content, and attachments, handling various aspects such as encoding, subject, sender, recipients, date, message ID, CC, reply-to, and extra headers.
10078	Checks if any header value contains carriage return or newline characters.
10079	Appends an attachment to the list of attachments.
10080	Registers services with a unique key, raises an exception if a service with the same key is already registered.
10081	Convert module to dictionary and return.
10082	Registers resources with a check for duplicates.
10083	Raises ValueError if the value for the given key is empty.
10084	Handles exceptions during resource closure or iteration.
10085	Sets up the data manager and DAL, and initializes services with the data manager.
10086	Calculates the refractive index difference based on wavelength.
10087	Calculates the sum of coefficients divided by wavelength raised to the power of twice the index.
10088	Initialize backend, authenticate, retrieve user and realm information, and set default time periods.
10089	This method handles user login with optional proxy settings and token generation, raising exceptions for invalid inputs and handling different login scenarios based on the `generate` parameter.
10090	Returns the "child" link from the response if available, otherwise returns an empty dictionary.
10091	This method retrieves data from a specified endpoint using multiple processes, handling pagination and error checking.
10092	This method handles patching an object by first checking for an If-Match header, then making a PATCH request to the specified endpoint with the provided data and headers. If the response status code is 200, it decodes the response. If the status code is 412, it retries the patch operation with the updated If-Match header. If the status code is anything else, it raises a BackendException with the response status code and content.
10093	Deletes an endpoint with given headers and returns a response.
10094	Checks if two file paths are on the same volume and have the same file ID info.
10095	This function creates a junction link between two directories.
10096	Initializes a logger with specified log file and verbosity level.
10097	Rethrows a `utils.UsageError` with a modified message.
10098	This method processes a list of file readers, categorizing them into two lists: `unclaimed_readers` for files that are not Mutect VCF files, and `vcf_readers` for files that are Mutect VCF files. It uses a loop to iterate through each file reader, checks if it is a Mutect VCF file using a helper method `_is_mutect_vcf`, and then appends the appropriate reader to the respective list. Finally, it returns both lists.
10099	This function generates a new header for a VCF file by replacing certain fields with specific labels based on a dictionary of sample names extracted from the VCF metadata.
10100	This method processes a list of file readers, splits them by patients, pairs them with VCF files, validates the pairs, and returns a list of unclaimed files and the resulting VCF readers.
10101	Calculates population statistics from VCF records.
10102	This method iterates over a list of callers, claims unclaimed VCF readers for each caller, and returns the updated list of unclaimed and claimed VCF readers.
10103	Splits a string into lines based on the specified line terminators.
10104	Identifies the first line terminator in a string.
10105	Finds the last line terminator in a string.
10106	This method reads from a file, seeking to the next line, handling line terminators, and returning the new file position.
10107	This method reads the file from the current position, seeking to the previous line, and returns the new position.
10108	Reads the last `lines` of a file, preserving only the line terminators between lines.
10109	Read the first `lines` lines from a file, preserving only the line terminators between them.
10110	This method reads lines from a file, ignoring trailing line terminators, and yields each line.
10111	This method processes a list of file readers, finds Strelka files, splits them by patients, validates the VCF readers, and creates VCF readers.
10112	This method parses a VCF line into a VcfRecord object, extracting chromosome, position, reference, alternate, read ID, quality, filter, and information fields. It also handles sample fields and sample tag values based on the provided sample names and a format string.
10113	This method constructs a dictionary mapping sample names to dictionaries of tag values based on a given format and sample fields.
10114	This method returns a set of tag keys from the first sample's tag values.
10115	Joins info fields into a string.
10116	Formats the field based on the sample tag values.
10117	Convert sample tag values to a string with colons if available, otherwise return a dot.
10118	Converts a VCF record into a tab-separated string.
10119	This method adds a new tag value to a dictionary of sample tag values, ensuring that the tag name does not already exist and that the sample name values match the existing sample names.
10120	Adds or replaces a filter in the object's `_FILTERS_TO_REPLACE` list.
10121	This method returns a sorted list of unique categories from a list of available products for a given user.
10122	This code defines a `ProductsForm` class that dynamically selects a subclass based on the `category.render_type` and sets the `base_fields` accordingly. It also handles sorting the `products` list and returns the appropriate form class.
10123	Creates a form for adding products to a user's cart.
10124	Adds an error to the field associated with the given product.
10125	Memoizes a function to cache its results based on its arguments.
10126	This function creates a form for a given model, listing all its fields with their verbose names as choices.
10127	Returns items pending or purchased based on the specified statuses.
10128	Sends an email using the specified template and parameters.
10129	This function iterates over OpenStreetMap changes, handling state management and scheduling for subsequent updates.
10130	Parses an OSM file into nodes, ways, and relations.
10131	This function iterates through OpenStreetMap notes, yields them in reverse order, and pauses for a specified interval between iterations.
10132	Determines if a user passes a filter based on a condition.
10133	Checks if the user passes the filter.
10134	Calculates the remaining quantity for a user based on a condition, filtering and pre-filtering the queryset.
10135	Filters queryset based on user's carts and released carts.
10136	Filters a queryset based on user's carts, excluding those in released or active states.
10137	Filters items based on start and end times, ensuring they are not reserved beyond their limits.
10138	Filters proposals based on user's role (presenter or copresenter) and their participation in presentations.
10139	Filters conditions based on user's groups.
10140	Modifies the cart by marking it as modified in the batch cache.
10141	This method retrieves or creates a cart for a given user, handling exceptions and returning the cart object.
10142	This method updates the reservation duration of a cart based on the current time and the cart's last updated time, considering vouchers and included products.
10143	Applies a voucher to the cart if it exists and is not already applied.
10144	Validates the cart by checking vouchers, limits, required categories, and discounts.
10145	Fix vouchers, remove invalid ones, set quantities for unavailable products.
10146	Deletes existing discounts, orders products by price, calculates discounts, applies them to products.
10147	This method calculates and applies discounts to a product in a shopping cart based on predefined conditions. It iterates through a list of discounts, selects those that apply to the product, and applies them to the cart. The method handles cases where a discount has been exhausted and updates the remaining quantity accordingly.
10148	This function creates a report view with a specified title and form type, applies staff-only authentication, wraps it with a decorator, and appends it to a list of all report views.
10149	Iterates over rows, yielding lists of cell text based on content type and index.
10150	Create a form instance based on `self.form_type` if it's not `None`, pre-validate it, and return the form.
10151	Renders data based on content type using predefined renderers.
10152	This function generates a list of reports from a database, sorts them by name, and renders them in a template.
10153	This function generates a list report summarizing items sold, including descriptions, quantities, prices, and total costs, for paid invoices.
10154	Summarizes sales and payments data, including income, payments, and credit notes.
10155	`payments()` returns a `QuerysetReport` containing payment details from `commerce.PaymentBase` objects.
10156	`credit_note_refunds()` returns a `QuerysetReport` containing the IDs, credit note references, and amounts of refunded credit notes.
10157	This method generates a report of product inventory status based on user input, including paid, reserved, unreserved, and refunded items.
10158	Summarize the code method to return a list report with discount status data.
10159	This method generates a list of line items for invoices based on user input, filtering by products and categories, and displaying invoice details such as ID, date, attendee name, quantity, product, and payment status.
10160	This method generates a report of paid invoices by date, including zero-value invoices, and returns a list of dates and their corresponding counts.
10161	`credit_notes` method returns a `QuerysetReport` object containing credit notes with specified fields and related objects.
10162	Summarize the code method to return a `QuerysetReport` object containing invoices sorted by status and ID.
10163	This method generates a report of attendees with their names, emails, and registration status.
10164	This method processes speaker registrations, calculates the number of paid carts for each user, and returns a queryset report.
10165	This code generates a manifest report for unpaid, paid, and refunded items in a shopping cart, sorted by user name.
10166	This function calculates the missing categories for a user based on their items and available categories.
10167	Calculates available credit by summing unclaimed notes for a user.
10168	Checks if a user has completed registration and returns None if they have, otherwise returns the ticket category if it is not in the list of available categories.
10169	This method handles guided registration for attendees, redirecting them to different pages based on their current state and the number of tickets available.
10170	Handles profile editing, redirects if successful, renders form if not.
10171	This method handles profile updates for an attendee, loading a pre-entered name from a speaker's profile if available, and saves the updated profile if the form is valid.
10172	This method processes a request to handle a product category, including handling vouchers, listing products, and updating reservations based on user input.
10173	This method handles product management for a user, including form validation, quantity updates, and discount calculations.
10174	Handles voucher application, checks for existing vouchers, and returns form and handling status.
10175	This method handles the checkout process, fetching the user, cart, and invoice based on the provided user ID or the current user. It also checks for a "fix_errors" parameter in the GET request and attempts to fix simple errors in the cart if present. If an error occurs during the invoice creation, it returns error details; otherwise, it redirects to the invoice page.
10176	This method filters invoices based on access code, status, and returns the most recent unpaid or paid invoice.
10177	This method retrieves an invoice by ID, checks if the user has access to it, and renders the invoice data in a template.
10178	This method handles manual payment processing for an invoice, updating the invoice status and rendering a form for manual payment.
10179	Refunds an invoice and handles errors.
10180	This method processes a credit note request, handling different forms for applying, refunding, and generating cancellation fees, updating the invoice, and rendering a template with the processed data.
10181	This method processes a registration amendment request, updating the user's cart and applying vouchers, and renders the amended registration form.
10182	Extends a reservation for a user by a specified number of days.
10183	This method processes an invoice email form, validates the data, and sends emails to the invoice users based on the form's action.
10184	This method generates a zip file containing SVG badges for invoices based on user categories and products, and returns it as an attachment.
10185	Generates a badge SVG for a user.
10186	This method filters and evaluates discounts based on user categories and products, updating accepted and failed discounts accordingly.
10187	Annotates queryset with the sum of past use quantities for discounts based on user and category/product status.
10188	This method filters products based on user category and product limits, returning a list of available products.
10189	Applies a credit note to an invoice, updating the status.
10190	Calculates cancellation fee based on percentage and applies to invoice.
10191	Generates a random access code of 6 uppercase letters and digits.
10192	Lazy evaluation function in Python.
10193	This function retrieves an object from a module by its name.
10194	This method refreshes the cart from the database, attempts to retrieve an invoice based on the cart, and if not found, creates a new one. It then updates old invoices and generates a new invoice from the cart.
10195	Generates a manual invoice for a user with specified due date and description-price pairs.
10196	Generates an invoice from a cart, including line items for products and discounts, and returns the invoice.
10197	Applies credit notes to unpaid invoices for a user if there's only one unpaid invoice.
10198	Checks if the user has access to the invoice based on user type and access code.
10199	Refreshes the invoice and its cart from the database.
10200	Validates invoice and cart for payment.
10201	Updates invoice status based on payment history and generates credit notes if necessary.
10202	Updates invoice and cart statuses to paid.
10203	Checks if the invoice matches the cart.
10204	Updates invoice validity based on cart matches and payment status.
10205	Check if invoice has payments, is refunded, or is paid, then release cart and mark void.
10206	Refund invoice if void, generate credit note, update status.
10207	Sends an email to the user's email address with the provided invoice and kind.
10208	Updates the object's attributes based on the provided data, flattening nested fields and updating the annotation dictionary.
10209	Flattens a nested schema into a flat dictionary.
10210	Prints the file paths of basic file annotations starting with 'output'.
10211	Download processor result field from annotation
10212	This method processes project data by fetching objects, updating existing ones, and inserting new ones, hydrating reference fields, and returning the updated project objects.
10213	Returns a list of processors based on the provided name or all processors if no name is specified.
10214	Prints the input schema of a processor.
10215	`self.api.data.post(json.loads(strjson))`
10216	Uploads a project with specified fields and processor, handling file uploads and validation.
10217	Uploads a file in chunks, handling retries and progress updates.
10218	This function downloads data objects based on their IDs and field names, ensuring they are valid and of the correct type.
10219	Recursively finds all subclasses of a given class.
10220	This method retrieves a repository and project from the application data, ensuring they exist, and sets the first issue to sync.
10221	This function retrieves suggested changes for a list of variant IDs, yields each variant along with its suggested changes and current phenotypes.
10222	This function merges variant phenotypes with suggested changes, yielding the final phenotype status for each evidence.
10223	This function searches for variants within a specified range of coordinates and returns their digest values based on the search mode.
10224	This function performs a bulk search for variants by coordinates, handling different search modes such as 'any', 'exact', 'include_smaller', and 'include_larger'. It iterates through sorted queries and coordinates, matching them based on specified criteria and storing matches in a dictionary.
10225	Updates the object's state based on cached data or new data from an API call.
10226	`uniqify` method removes duplicates from a sequence by using a set to track seen elements.
10227	Authenticates with Asana and GitHub APIs using OAuth tokens.
10228	Select an item from a list by its index.
10229	This method retrieves issue data from a dictionary based on the provided issue number and namespace.
10230	This method moves saved issue data from one namespace to another based on the issue number.
10231	Convert task to string and retrieve data from dictionary.
10232	This method attempts to find a task in Asana using its ID. If the task is not found, it returns `None`. If the user does not have permission to access the task, it also returns `None`.
10233	Saves data to a file with version information.
10234	This method resets a value in a dictionary based on input parameters, handling cases where the key does not exist or the value is explicitly set.
10235	This function wraps a given function to handle Asana API errors and retries them up to three times.
10236	Flushes the queue and calls the callback if provided.
10237	Creates a new task in Asana with specified details.
10238	Convert task IDs to links with project URLs.
10239	Creates a new task in Asana, announces it, saves it to Drive, and syncs tags/labels.
10240	Returns a sorted list of unique data types from a project's data.
10241	Logs debug messages if priority is less than or equal to ekmmeters_log_level.
10242	Initializes serial port with specified parameters and logs details.
10243	Sets the maximum wait time and sleep time for polling.
10244	Combines data from two V4 and V3 meters, updating a dictionary with fields not already present.
10245	This method connects to a SQLite database, retrieves data from the `Meter_Reads` table based on a timestamp and meter address, and returns the data as a JSON string.
10246	Sets the context if it's not already set and starts logging if the context starts with "request".
10247	This function calculates a result based on the input `pf` and the values of `CosTheta.CapacitiveLead` and `CosTheta.InductiveLag`.
10248	Sets the maximum demand period for the EKM device.
10249	This method sets a meter password, handling various error conditions and logging.
10250	Unpacks data from a buffer into a tuple based on predefined structure.
10251	Converts data from a buffer into a dictionary with string and native values for each field.
10252	Convert JSON dictionary to string with indentation.
10253	This method calculates and compares CRCs for data received from a serial adapter, logging errors and suppressing them if they occur.
10254	Convert a date integer to an EkmDate namedtuple.
10255	Returns the appropriate months buffer based on the given direction.
10256	Sets CT ratio with validation and authentication.
10257	Assigns a schedule to a given period with specified hour, minute, and tariff.
10258	This method updates a schedule dictionary with the given season, month, day, and schedule values, ensuring they are within valid bounds and updating the dictionary accordingly.
10259	Sets season schedules using serial communication with a CRC check.
10260	Assigns a holiday date based on the given month and day, ensuring it falls within valid ranges and logs errors if conditions are not met.
10261	This method reads schedules from a serial port, calculates CRC, and processes the data based on the table set.
10262	Extracts a schedule entry from a work table based on schedule and period, handling out-of-bounds and incorrect index errors.
10263	This method reads month tariffs from a serial port, calculates a CRC, and returns a boolean indicating success.
10264	Extracts and returns a namedtuple with tariff information for a given month.
10265	This method reads holiday dates from a serial port, calculates a CRC, and returns a boolean indicating success.
10266	Extracts holiday date from a setting holiday index, handling out-of-bounds and missing data.
10267	Read settings from various files and return success status.
10268	Logs the command message with context and updates the command message.
10269	This method attempts to authenticate a password using a serial communication protocol, handling exceptions and logging the result.
10270	Updates observers with request, logging exceptions.
10271	Initializes the LCD lookup dictionary with various energy-related items.
10272	This method attempts to request data from two methods, `requestA` and `requestB`, and then processes the results by calling `makeAB`, `calculateFields`, and `updateObservers`. If any error occurs during the process, it logs the error and returns `False`.
10273	This method sets up a serial communication with a device, reads data, unpacks it, converts it, and calculates a CRC.
10274	This method requests data from a serial port, processes it, and calculates a CRC checksum.
10275	This method iterates over two dictionaries (`self.m_blk_a` and `self.m_blk_b`), converts each field name to uppercase, and stores the corresponding value in `self.m_req` if the field name does not contain "RESERVED" or "CRC".
10276	This method calculates power factors and net watts for three phases based on input data and updates the block B with the results.
10277	Sets LCD command with given display list and password.
10278	This method sets a relay with a specified duration and status, handling password validation and error checking.
10279	Logs termination string and attempts to write a specific byte sequence to a serial port, handling exceptions.
10280	Sets pulse input ratio with specified line input and password.
10281	This method sets a zero-resettable KWH device and handles errors, returning a boolean indicating success.
10282	This method sets the LCD display with a given password, handling various error conditions and CRC calculations.
10283	Iterate over fields and their properties, recursively processing nested groups.
10284	Iterates through a schema, yielding values or field information based on the schema's structure.
10285	Summarizes a function that generates paragraphs of text, optionally wrapping them in HTML tags, and returns them as a list or a single string.
10286	Generates a random string of specified length, including lowercase, uppercase, digits, spaces, and punctuation.
10287	Summarizes elapsed time and result summary.
10288	Returns a formatted string with ANSI escape codes for color and reset.
10289	Writes text to the stream.
10290	Returns a summary of test results.
10291	Parses command-line arguments, defaulting to "run" if no arguments are provided.
10292	Sets up a formatter based on configuration settings and assigns it to the current result.
10293	Runs tests based on the provided configuration.
10294	Transforms configuration and runs a script.
10295	Transforms a class definition with a specific name and base class.
10296	Transforms a body of nodes, applying a transformation to each node's context expression.
10297	Transforms a node's body into a function definition with a test name based on the group variable and node name.
10298	Transforms the body of an AST by replacing all occurrences of a specified context variable with "self".
10299	Creates a function that returns an `ast.arguments` object with a single argument named "self".
10300	Registers a file finder for a class.
10301	Compiles Python code from source bytes.
10302	Applies argument parsing based on provided options.
10303	Loads a module by name, handling both existing files and dynamically importing modules.
10304	Loads files from a given path.
10305	Iterates through directories and files, yielding paths that match specified filters.
10306	This function checks files in a directory, updating a receiver with changes.
10307	This function recursively checks for new message files in a specified directory, processes them, and removes them.
10308	This function takes various parameters to configure and execute a command in a specified directory, including environment variables, user and group IDs, and additional configuration options.
10309	Removes a file from a specified path.
10310	Restarts the game with the specified name.
10311	`func(Places(config=results.pop('config'), messages=results.pop('messages')), *results)`
10312	This function initializes a multi-service, sets up a process monitor, and schedules services to check configuration and messages at a specified frequency.
10313	This function configures and returns a service object with specified parameters.
10314	Updates session time for a given node ID.
10315	Removes expired nodes from the database.
10316	Removes a node from the list using its ID.
10317	Retrieves the last updated timestamp for a node from a Redis database.
10318	Returns a dictionary of node IDs mapped to their corresponding timestamps.
10319	Refresh expired nodes and refresh session.
10320	Increments the `times_modified` key in the database and sets its expiration time.
10321	This method decrements a reference count and executes a callback if the count reaches zero, deleting the resource and its associated keys from the registry.
10322	This function takes a list of values and a delimiter, then returns a list of delimited strings.
10323	Returns a list of child basenames from a path if they are not bad.
10324	Merges two messages based on their positions.
10325	Checks if a value is a token with an identifier, otherwise creates a new token with the same attributes and sets the identifier to 'v'.
10326	This function takes a value, checks if it's a Token, has an identifier, and if not, converts it to a Token with the same attributes. It then sets the identifier to 'v' and returns a Query object with a Match and Return operation.
10327	A function that returns a constant value.
10328	Transforms a function to accept a list of arguments.
10329	Transforms a function that takes a list of arguments into a function that takes a variable number of arguments.
10330	Runs a process with specified arguments, timeout, and grace period, logs the end of the process, and cancels termination if necessary.
10331	Creates a timer service with specified options and returns a multi-service object.
10332	This method parses a reader using a parser and returns a result. If the parsing is successful, it returns the value of the result. If the parsing fails, it returns a failure with the farthest expected error.
10333	Combines literals into an alternative parser.
10334	Convert string to `lit` parser if input is a string.
10335	Convert string to literal parser
10336	Convert string to literal parser
10337	Convert strings to parsers and return a repeated once separated parser.
10338	Convert input parser and separator to literals if they are strings, then create a repeated separated parser.
10339	This function checks the state of children in a directory and closes them if they are not in the current state.
10340	Closes the object, raises an error if already closed, cancels the call if present, and sets the closed state to True.
10341	Check if the object is closed and raise an error if it is. Reset the object if the URL is None. Return False if the URL is None.
10342	Adds a heart service to a master object if it doesn't already exist.
10343	Wraps a service with a master service and adds a heart to it.
10344	Freezes a TensorFlow graph from a checkpoint.
10345	Freezes a TensorFlow model from a checkpoint.
10346	Saves a subgraph of a TensorFlow graph to a file.
10347	Saves a graph from a checkpoint to a file.
10348	Saves weights from a checkpoint to a specified path.
10349	Restores a TensorFlow model from a checkpoint.
10350	This method parses a token, validates its arguments, and returns a new instance of the class with the parsed data.
10351	Raise NotImplementedError for unimplemented render_tag method.
10352	Validates the number of arguments passed to a template tag.
10353	Raises NotImplementedError for unimplemented get_context_data method.
10354	The method parses a token and constructs a class instance based on the parsed information.
10355	This method retrieves context data from a parent context, handling custom tags by removing the 'template' argument from the tag kwargs.
10356	Convert Caffe model to TensorFlow session.
10357	Freezes a TensorFlow model from a checkpoint.
10358	Saves a TensorFlow graph from a Caffe model.
10359	This function takes a list and number of columns, calculates the minimum number of rows needed to fit the list in the specified number of columns, and returns a list of rows.
10360	Transforms an iterable into chunks of size `n`, handling strings by joining items.
10361	Generates every other item from an iterable.
10362	Removes duplicates from an iterable by grouping and then chaining the items.
10363	Peeks the first element of an iterable and returns it along with the original iterable.
10364	`takewhile_peek` is a generator function that yields elements from an iterable while a predicate function returns `True`.
10365	This function partitions a given count into bins of a specified size.
10366	`always_iterable` is a function that takes an item and returns an iterable, using a specified base type if not already an iterable.
10367	Suppresses exceptions in a list of callables.
10368	Identifies duplicate elements in multiple iterables using a key function.
10369	This code snippet iterates over pairs of elements in an iterable, applies a key function to each pair, and asserts that the key function returns a value that satisfies a comparison condition with the next pair. If the condition is not met, it raises an assertion error with a formatted error message. The method yields the first and second elements of each pair.
10370	Swaps `item` and `after` if `item` is not `None`, otherwise swaps `after` and `before`.
10371	This function partitions a dictionary into two parts based on a given key.
10372	Extracts the first `n` queues from a list, handling cases where fewer queues are available.
10373	Resets the iterator and saved state.
10374	Parses a token into a variable name and an optional alias.
10375	The function `template_tag` takes a library and a name as input and returns a class body. If the library has a `parse` method, it uses it to compile the function; otherwise, it assumes the class has an `__init__` method and uses the library's `tag` method to compile the function.
10376	Convert a chain path to a public key.
10377	Fetches SQLite master records as a list of dictionaries.
10378	Iterates over an object, creating a tree structure for each element.
10379	Selects an object based on a selector and returns the result or False if an error occurs.
10380	This method parses a selector and returns a list of results.
10381	This method processes a selector expression to apply a series of production functions to an object, handling different types of selectors and operators.
10382	Returns a list of nodes in `rhs` that have a parent in `lhs`.
10383	This method finds all ancestors of a node in a tree structure, given two lists of nodes.
10384	Identify common parents, filter nodes in rhs based on these parents.
10385	This method processes a token to determine the nth child of a node, handling both odd and even indices, and validates the result based on the given conditions.
10386	This method iterates over each node in the object, applies all validators, and collects nodes that pass all validations.
10387	This method sets up a network ping using the `ICMPPing` class and returns a deferred object that resolves to the ping results.
10388	This method sends a request to a specified URL using the given method, headers, and data, and returns the response body.
10389	Expire cache entries older than a specified age.
10390	Sets a key-value pair in the store and persists it.
10391	This method checks if the store has changed, reads it if necessary, and returns the value associated with the given key if it exists.
10392	Checks if a key exists in the store dictionary.
10393	Checks if a record is valid in a chain based on its previous and next records.
10394	Convert JSON string to NistBeaconValue object.
10395	This method parses an XML string into a `NistBeaconValue` object, validating and extracting required fields.
10396	Minifies JavaScript content based on template name.
10397	This method reads a log file, processes each line, and calls a function with the processed line. It handles file rollover and rotations, and stores the last processed line for future use.
10398	Returns a list of rows from a data source, optionally limited to a specified number of lines.
10399	Validates a token against expected data.
10400	Initialize and return a Fernet object using a key derived from the application's secret key.
10401	This method validates tokens using different algorithms and returns the first valid one.
10402	Creates a token for an object with given data and expiration time.
10403	Calculates the average of two numbers with a given delta.
10404	Calculates the average difference between two numbers.
10405	Calculates average duration from total duration and visits.
10406	Sets up outputs based on the protocol and configuration.
10407	Sets up sources based on configuration.
10408	Updates event counter based on input events list or single event. Aggregates events, sets states, routes event, and clears queue.
10409	This method iterates over sources, checks if a watchdog is enabled, and restarts stale sources if necessary.
10410	This method parses a log format string, extracts headers, and compiles a regular expression for matching log entries.
10411	Parses a log line, extracting key-value pairs based on regex and names/types.
10412	Validates the expiration date of a form field.
10413	Validates if the message field is required when rejecting a request.
10414	Verifies a token and saves it in session if valid.
10415	Returns device if device_type is mobile or tablet, otherwise returns browser.
10416	Warn if nonlocal image URI not found.
10417	Connects various request events to their respective notification functions.
10418	Generates a secret link for a record with a description and expiration time.
10419	Sends an acceptance notification to the sender email.
10420	Sends confirmed notifications for access requests.
10421	Sends an email with a confirmation link for access request validation.
10422	Sends a notification to the sender email with a rejection message.
10423	Sends a notification email with a specified template and context.
10424	Creates a new object with the given title, owner, extra data, and description, and adds it to the database. It also generates a token for the object and sends a notification.
10425	Validates a token against expected data and returns True if the link is valid.
10426	Revokes the object if it is not already revoked.
10427	Creates a new request object with specified details and sends a signal based on the request status.
10428	Returns the first record from the database where the request ID matches and the receiver user ID matches the provided user ID.
10429	Updates email status to PENDING and sends request_confirmed email.
10430	Accepts a request with optional message and expiration time.
10431	Rejects a request with a specified message if it is not in the PENDING state.
10432	Creates a secret link with specified title, description, and expiration time.
10433	Returns a SHA512 hash object created from the given parameters.
10434	Determine verifier type based on timestamp, use it directly if exists, otherwise mark invalid.
10435	Checks if a record is embargoed based on its access right and embargo date.
10436	This method handles access request processing, including validation, creation, and redirection based on user authentication and record status.
10437	This method validates a confirmation link and submits an access request if the link is valid.
10438	Returns a new SSHCommandClientEndpoint.
10439	Reverses column based on selection and sorting order.
10440	Returns the selected value or "-" if not selected, formatted based on the ascending order.
10441	Returns ordered query based on selected field and sorting order.
10442	Extracts version from file starting with magic line and stripping specified characters.
10443	Updates the version in a file by replacing the magic line with a new version.
10444	Initializes SSH client with host, user, port, password, and key details.
10445	Starts a timer and connects to an SSH client if specified.
10446	Handles tick event, retries if sync, logs errors, and sets running flag.
10447	This method handles the display of access requests for the current user, including filtering, ordering, and rendering the results in an HTML template.
10448	This method creates a Riemann client and connects to a server using the provided configuration settings. It handles SSL connections and retries if failover is enabled.
10449	Stops the thread, factory, and connector.
10450	Removes up to `queueDepth` events from the queue if the queue is not empty and the number of events exceeds `queueDepth`. If `allow_nan` is True, sends the events to the factory; otherwise, sends only those with non-None metrics.
10451	Extends events list if queue size is less than maxsize.
10452	Creates a Riemann client by connecting to a server and listening on a port.
10453	Creates an Elasticsearch client with specified server, port, user, password, and index. Starts a thread for interaction.
10454	Convert event data to Protocol Buffers format.
10455	Encodes a list of events into a protobuf message.
10456	Decodes a message from a string using a protobuf message type.
10457	Updates pressure and sends encoded message.
10458	Generates file previews from a URL with specified options.
10459	Retrieves file previews and prints the result.
10460	This method checks if a dictionary can be pickled and sends it to a queue if it can, otherwise it logs the dictionary and its keys to stderr.
10461	This method processes messages from a queue, executes tasks, and sends responses back to the controller.
10462	Logs if the hot loop is active and the time delta is greater than or equal to the log interval.
10463	Handles SASL response processing, transitioning states based on payload and interface responses.
10464	Aborts the SASL authentication process if it hasn't started or if the message exchange is already complete.
10465	Removes non-alphanumeric characters from a string.
10466	The method `admin_footer` takes a parser and a token as input, splits the token's contents, and raises a `TemplateSyntaxError` if the token contains any arguments. If the token contains no arguments, it returns an instance of `AdminFooterNode`.
10467	Builds payment parameters for a transaction.
10468	Builds a payment parameters object for Datatrans using provided details.
10469	This method processes a payment using an alias registration, logging details and making an HTTP POST request to a payment authorization URL. It then parses the response and saves the charge response.
10470	Returns the version string formatted as 'short_version(v) + v[3]' if version is provided, otherwise returns 'short_version(__version__)'.
10471	This method sets up a user interface with a layout containing a header, a content splitter, and a footer.
10472	Initialize window title, sort filesystem, hide bookmarks widget, set default and disabled accept button, connect buttons, configure shortcuts, set location, set horizontal header resize mode, connect location widget, connect activated item, connect selection model, and connect current row changed.
10473	Configures shortcuts for navigating up.
10474	Sets the accept button disabled if the item is not a riffle.model.File, and sets the location to the item's path.
10475	Enables the accept button and clears the selected items from the filesystem widget.
10476	Sets the location based on the item data at the given index.
10477	Sets resource paths.
10478	Compiles resource.py using pyside-rcc if available, otherwise prints an error message.
10479	Removes files based on their existence in a specified directory.
10480	Fetches children from the database if available, otherwise returns an empty list.
10481	Resets children and disables fetching.
10482	Returns the icon for the given index in the source model.
10483	This function creates a new process with specified arguments and handles I/O redirection, daemonization, and environment variables.
10484	Returns the maximum number of file descriptors allowed.
10485	Closes a file descriptor, raising an error if the file descriptor is not valid.
10486	Closes all file descriptors not in `exclude_fds`.
10487	Redirects a stream to a target file descriptor.
10488	Sets form widget attributes based on provided attributes.
10489	Imports an app module and its sub-module, handling exceptions and package detection.
10490	This function imports all modules from specified apps in Django settings.
10491	This method processes a token to include a template dynamically if the token contains a variable, otherwise it uses a built-in `include` function.
10492	Generates a Gravatar URL for an object with specified size and default image.
10493	Generates a Gravatar image URL based on the provided object and returns it as an HTML image tag.
10494	Checks if the given path is a valid filesystem location.
10495	Checks if a URL is a valid S3 URL.
10496	Returns the absolute path of a file if it is absolute and exists, otherwise joins the current working directory with the filename.
10497	This method lists objects in an S3 bucket based on a specified prefix, returning either the full key data or just the keys.
10498	This method builds a workflow JSON object based on task template details, including input and output ports, and optionally saves data to S3.
10499	Executes a GBDX API request, handles errors, and retrieves the job ID.
10500	Archives the specified folder using the `PROJ_ARCHIVE` directory, handling dry runs if specified.
10501	Creates a directory structure from the given path.
10502	This code snippet finds the common elements across multiple glob patterns provided by the user.
10503	Restores a project from a specified folder.
10504	Creates a new instance of the class with an API client.
10505	This method retrieves file names from a specified path in a storage system, handling pagination and filtering based on entity type.
10506	Downloads a file from a specified path using the API client and saves it to a target path.
10507	Checks if an entity exists at the given path and returns its UUID if it exists.
10508	This method retrieves the parent path of a given path by splitting the path into steps, removing the last step, and then joining the remaining steps back together. It then uses the API client to retrieve the entity by the parent path.
10509	Creates a folder at the specified path using the API client.
10510	Uploads a file to a specified destination path using the API client.
10511	Deletes a folder or file from the storage.
10512	Validates the storage path.
10513	Creates a new instance of the class with a specified storage client and environment.
10514	Creates a new instance of the class with a request and authenticated request.
10515	This method retrieves details of an entity using its UUID, raising an exception if the UUID is invalid.
10516	Sets metadata for an entity with the given UUID and metadata dictionary.
10517	This method retrieves metadata for a given entity type and ID, raising an exception if the ID is invalid.
10518	Updates metadata for a given entity type and ID using the provided metadata dictionary.
10519	Deletes metadata for a given entity type and ID.
10520	This method returns a list of projects based on the provided parameters.
10521	This method retrieves project details from a storage system using a given project ID. It first checks if the project ID is valid using a helper function `is_valid_uuid`. If the ID is invalid, it raises an exception. Otherwise, it makes a request to the storage system to fetch the project details and returns them.
10522	Creates a project with the given collaboration ID.
10523	Deletes a project by its UUID.
10524	Creates a folder with the given name and parent UUID.
10525	This method retrieves details about a specified folder using an authenticated request. It checks if the provided folder UUID is valid and raises an exception if it is not. If the folder is valid, it makes a request to the endpoint for the specified folder and returns the response body.
10526	Deletes a folder using the provided UUID.
10527	Uploads file content to a specified file ID, handling optional source or content parameters, and returns the ETag of the uploaded file.
10528	Copies the content of a file to another file using the provided UUIDs.
10529	Downloads file content from a specified ID with optional ETag check.
10530	Generates a secure URL for a file using the provided file ID.
10531	Inserts a formatted record into a collection.
10532	Convert service URL to service locator URL.
10533	Updates headers with self._headers and returns a copy.
10534	`with_params` method updates and returns a copy of the provided parameters with the current instance's parameters.
10535	`throw` method appends a tuple of an exception class and a boolean to the `throws` list of the object.
10536	Generates a list of field names from a model's list display, converting boolean fields to a more readable format.
10537	This function maps a function to each partition of a list of inputs.
10538	Runs GATK GenotypeGVCFs with specified parameters and annotations.
10539	Runs Oncotator on a VCF file using a specified database, writes the output to a global file.
10540	Sorts the list using a custom key function.
10541	Convert timestamps to datetime objects.
10542	Loads JSON data from a specified folder.
10543	Shifts the 't' value in each element of the 'raw' list by 't'.
10544	Calculates the sum of values in a list of dictionaries.
10545	Summarize the code method in one line: It checks for a serial device, defaults to the config if not provided, and returns the result of `rfxcom_collect` with the device.
10546	Creates a new user in the database with the provided username and password.
10547	Extracts names and IDs from table cells with class 'tc1' and returns a list of dictionaries.
10548	Extracts release information from a table and returns a list of dictionaries.
10549	Extracts nationalities and names from product staff list.
10550	This function parses character results from a table and returns a list of dictionaries containing gender, name, and game information.
10551	Extracts tag strings from HTML table cells.
10552	Extracts user names and join dates from a table.
10553	This function creates a compressed tarball from a list of file paths, optionally adding a prefix to each file name.
10554	Iterates over file paths, checks if they are absolute, and applies a function to each file.
10555	Copies a file from a global file store to a specified output directory.
10556	This function generates a list of Spark command-line arguments based on the provided parameters.
10557	Appends `--add-host=spark-master:<actual>` to `docker_parameters` if not already present.
10558	Refreshes metadata from the database.
10559	This method runs MuTect on tumor and normal BAM files, writes the output to a tarball, and returns the tarball file ID.
10560	Creates a metadata object from a database path with optional public flag.
10561	This method reads a directory from a database, processes each item, and returns a list of processed streams.
10562	Exports device data and streams to a specified directory.
10563	This method searches for a term on the VNDB API based on the specified type and returns the search results.
10564	This method handles different types of search results based on the input type (`stype`) and returns the corresponding results asynchronously.
10565	This method adds a stream to a database with optional parameters for interpolation, time range, time step, limit, and column name. It also checks for existing column names and raises an exception if necessary.
10566	Resets the API key and sets it in the database.
10567	This method reads user data from a database, processes it, and returns a list of user objects.
10568	This method creates BWA index files for a given reference sequence and returns the file IDs of the index files.
10569	Connects to a database using the provided API key and server URL.
10570	Adds a stream to the database with optional schema and keyword arguments.
10571	Inserts or replaces a stream in the database with the given name and schema.
10572	Inserts a datapoint into the cache table if the stream exists and the value fits the schema.
10573	This method syncs data from a database to a cache, handling errors and inserting data in chunks to avoid exceeding the ConnectorDB's insert size limit.
10574	Starts the logger synchronization process.
10575	Cancels the synchronization thread.
10576	Downloads a file from a URL and writes it to the job's file store.
10577	Uploads a file to S3 using S3AM.
10578	Iterates over labels from an ontology and writes them to a file.
10579	Iterates over hierarchy, prints parent-child pairs to output.
10580	Calculates the mean insert size from a BAM file using Docker and subprocess.
10581	Obtains the current Docker container ID by reading from `/proc/1/cgroup`.
10582	This function runs STAR to align RNA sequencing data, handling both paired and single-end reads, and outputs various files such as the aligned BAM, transcriptome BAM, log file, and SJ file.
10583	Creates a draft4 validator and stores the result in `self.metadata`.
10584	This method checks if the specified directory exists, creates it if it doesn't, writes the stream's data to a JSON file, and optionally writes downlink data to another JSON file.
10585	Creates a new `Device` object with the database and the first two parts of the path.
10586	Iterate over labels in an ontology using an OLS client.
10587	Iterates over the hierarchy of an ontology using the OlsClient.
10588	This method initializes a pipeline, configures it, runs it, and cleans up temporary directories.
10589	Populates an argument parser with options from a configuration dictionary.
10590	Reads and returns the contents of a configuration file.
10591	This method retrieves the mount path for a Docker container, ensuring it is correctly formatted and accessible.
10592	Adds an argument to the argument parser.
10593	Creates an argument parser with options for no cleaning, restart, and core count.
10594	Creates a pipeline command with specified arguments and configuration.
10595	Sets authentication for the client using either a user or API key.
10596	Handles HTTP responses, raises exceptions based on status codes, and returns the response object.
10597	Returns the text of the response from the URL with the query parameter "q" set to "this".
10598	Creates a POST request to the specified URL with the given data.
10599	Updates the resource at the specified path with the provided data.
10600	Deletes a resource at the specified path using the `delete` method of the `handleresult` object.
10601	Subscribes to a WebSocket stream with a callback and optional transformation.
10602	Creates a user record in the database with the provided email, password, role, and public status.
10603	This method reads from a database, filters devices based on a query, and returns a list of device objects.
10604	This function runs CutAdapt on paired-end data, reads input files, and writes the output to the file store.
10605	Runs Samtools faidx on a reference file and writes the index to a global file.
10606	Runs Samtools index on a BAM file and writes the index to the file store.
10607	Runs Sambamba markdup on a BAM file, writes the output to a new BAM file, and logs the runtime.
10608	Runs Samblaster on a given SAM file and writes the output to a global file.
10609	This method reads BAM and BAI files, calls Picard tools to mark duplicates, and writes the results to global files.
10610	Runs Picard SortSam on a BAM file, writing the sorted output to a new BAM file.
10611	Runs GATK BaseRecalibrator on a specified BAM file with known sites, writing the recalibration data to a table.
10612	This method runs Kallisto quantification on paired-end or single-end RNA sequencing data, downloading the Kallisto index, processing the input files, and storing the results in a tarball.
10613	This function runs RSEM on a given BAM file and outputs the results to the FileStore.
10614	This method creates a user affinity matrix by joining training and test data, clustering users, and then writing the result to a table.
10615	Sends a JSON-serialized command over a WebSocket connection.
10616	Subscribes to a stream with a callback and optional transformation.
10617	Connects to a WebSocket server, handling connection states and retries.
10618	Resets the connection status and reconnects after 15 minutes if disconnected, with exponential backoff and randomness.
10619	Resubscribing to streams in a subscription loop.
10620	Updates connection status, decreases wait time, and releases lock.
10621	Handles WebSocket close event, logs, and reconnects if necessary.
10622	Logs error and sets status to errored if connecting.
10623	This method handles incoming WebSocket messages, processes them, and manages subscriptions. It logs debug messages, builds a subscription key, checks for subscriptions, processes the message, and handles special cases for downlink messages.
10624	Ensure WebSocket connection is active, close if timed out, reset timer otherwise.
10625	Runs GATK SelectVariants to select variants based on specified mode.
10626	This code method performs GATK variant filtration on a VCF file, applying a specified filter expression and saving the filtered results to a new VCF file.
10627	Runs GATK VariantRecalibrator on a specified VCF file with given annotations and mode.
10628	Runs GATK ApplyRecalibration on a VCF file with specified mode, sensitivity, and recalibration files.
10629	Combines multiple VCF files using GATK CombineVariants with specified merge option.
10630	This function checks the quality of a BAM file using the `quickcheck` tool from the `quay.io/ucsc_cgl/samtools` Docker image. It returns `True` if the check passes and `False` otherwise.
10631	This function loads handlers based on a mapping, handling wildcards and importing modules.
10632	Writes a JSON configuration to a file.
10633	Reads or writes configuration file.
10634	Fetches JSON data from a URL constructed from an ontology and an IRI.
10635	Searches the ontology for a given name with optional query fields.
10636	Suggests a name based on an ontology.
10637	Iterates over descendants of a given ontology term.
10638	Iterates over labels of descendants of a given IRI in an ontology.
10639	Iterate over labels from ontology with optional size and sleep.
10640	Iterates over terms in an ontology, fetching their hierarchical children, and yields a tuple of labels for each child term.
10641	Runs FastQC on input files and outputs a tarball of the results.
10642	Adds a stream to the query parameters.
10643	Initializes a Flask application with configurations from `home.config`, loads environment variables, and sets up user authentication.
10644	Starts Spark master and HDFS Datanode containers.
10645	Start Spark and datanode, retrying if HDFS fails.
10646	The method `__start_datanode` starts a Docker container for a Hadoop datanode using the specified parameters.
10647	Stops Spark and HDFS containers.
10648	Checks the status of Spark and HDFS containers.
10649	Tokenizes a file using a tokenizer and yields tokens along with their line and position.
10650	This function searches for a hosted zone by name and returns its ID. If the zone is not found, it raises a `ZoneNotFoundError`.
10651	Fetches DNS configuration for a specified zone using AWS Route 53 API.
10652	Merges multiple XML resource record sets into a single XML document.
10653	Validates a changeset by checking for the presence of at least one `<Change>` element, ensuring the number of `<Change>` elements does not exceed 100, and verifying the number of `<ResourceRecord>` elements does not exceed 1000. It also checks the total number of characters in the `<Value>` text does not exceed 10000.
10654	Sort members by fitness score in descending order and return the reversed list.
10655	Calculates average fitness score of members in a population.
10656	Calculates average cost function value for members in a list.
10657	Calculates median cost function value for members in a list.
10658	Calculates average parameters for each parameter across all members.
10659	Returns a list of members if there are multiple processes, otherwise returns the members directly.
10660	Appends a new parameter to the list of parameters.
10661	This method generates the next generation of a population by selecting members, calculating reproduction probabilities, mutating parameters, and starting processes to evaluate the cost function.
10662	Convert keys in a dictionary by replacing underscores with hyphens and prefixing with '--' if not already prefixed.
10663	Iterates over environment variables, yields key-value pairs with the prefix removed and converted to lowercase.
10664	Checks if a callable raises any of the specified exceptions.
10665	Transforms a list of hits into a list of packages sorted by score.
10666	Converts a result to a string based on its type.
10667	Convert HTML to XHTML by prefixing element tags with a namespace.
10668	Converts XHTML to HTML by removing the namespace prefix from all elements.
10669	Convert a document to HTML string with optional pretty printing, metadata content type inclusion, and encoding.
10670	This function opens a web browser displaying an HTML representation of an XML document.
10671	Removes a node from its parent, concatenating its tail with the previous node's tail if applicable.
10672	Removes a tag from its parent, concatenating its text and tail to the previous or parent text.
10673	This method attempts to retrieve an element by its ID from a web page, handling cases where the element might not be found by returning a default value or raising an error.
10674	Convert CSS selectors to XPath expressions.
10675	Iterates through log handlers, yields namedtuples containing logger name, handler, member name, and member.
10676	This function returns a dictionary with counts of test classes, tests, and modules from environment variables.
10677	Determine if a project has a single class or module and tests.
10678	Determines if a module has exactly one class.
10679	Validates request parameters.
10680	Validates if the 'id' in the request is a string, integer, or None.
10681	Decodes a path using the system's filesystem encoding or UTF-8, handling any decoding errors.
10682	Escapes HTML or string values in a dictionary.
10683	Convert bytes to string, remove punctuation, convert to lowercase, look up in dictionary.
10684	Detects and returns the encoding of a file based on its BOM (Byte Order Mark).
10685	Extracts the remote address from the `forwarded_for` header.
10686	Converts an object to a Decimal if it's a Decimal, a string, an integer, or a float, otherwise raises a ValueError.
10687	Convert string to BeautifulSoup object
10688	Parses a file into an XML tree using BeautifulSoup and makeelement.
10689	Converts a BeautifulSoup tree into an HTML element.
10690	This function retrieves the current traceback, optionally ignoring system exceptions, showing hidden frames, and skipping a specified number of frames.
10691	Convert exception traceback to string.
10692	Summarizes the traceback information into HTML format.
10693	Generates a plaintext traceback from a stack trace object.
10694	Mark lines with function definitions and mark current line.
10695	Generates HTML from annotated lines.
10696	This function searches for a specific version in an egg-info string and returns it if found.
10697	This method retrieves index URLs for a given project name, handling URL encoding and checking for compatibility with easy_install.
10698	This method finds all versions of a project by searching through index URLs, find links, dependency links, and local files, filtering out insecure URLs and sorting the results.
10699	This method finds and returns the most up-to-date version of a given requirement, considering existing versions and upgrade options.
10700	Sorts links into eggs and non-eggs based on their egg_fragment attribute.
10701	This function retrieves the content type of a URL using a session object.
10702	Iterates over anchor tags, extracts href, cleans URL, determines if link is internal based on API version, and yields Link objects.
10703	Verifies the trustworthiness of a link based on its source and API version.
10704	This method finds and returns a list of data files for a given package in a specified source directory, converting paths to platform-specific formats.
10705	This method filters out files based on a list of globs, ensuring they are not included in the final list.
10706	This function parses requirements from a file, handling various options and dependencies.
10707	This function takes an iterator of lines, joins them into a single string, and yields the result.
10708	Iterates over an iterator, removing comments and stripping whitespace, yielding non-empty lines.
10709	Compiles and evaluates a marker function based on the provided marker.
10710	Handles visiting nodes in an AST, raising a syntax error if the node type is not allowed.
10711	Transforms an attribute access into a new node with the specified attribute.
10712	Convert JSON string to number if possible, otherwise return original value.
10713	Decorates a function to copy the current request context before calling it.
10714	Increment reference count, push self onto app context stack, send app context pushed event.
10715	Removes the current app context from the stack.
10716	Creates a new instance of the same class with the same attributes.
10717	Handles URL matching and routing exceptions.
10718	Pushes a request context onto the stack, ensuring that an application context is available and that the session is opened.
10719	Convert absolute paths to relative paths.
10720	Determine if a distribution is editable.
10721	Appends a function to the list of URL value preprocessors for the current record.
10722	Appends a function to the default URL functions for the current record.
10723	Decorates a function to register an error handler with the application.
10724	This code snippet defines a decorator `stream_with_context` that wraps a generator or function to manage context, ensuring that the context is properly handled and cleaned up.
10725	Convert arguments to response class if no arguments are provided.
10726	Generates a URL for a given endpoint with optional parameters.
10727	This function safely joins a directory and filename, raising a NotFound exception if the filename is not valid.
10728	This function determines the root path of a module or package by first checking the module's file attribute, then the loader, and finally falling back to imports if necessary.
10729	Returns a FileSystemLoader instance for the specified template folder.
10730	This method processes command-line options and arguments to generate completion scripts based on the specified shell.
10731	The method `get_cookie_domain` returns the cookie domain based on the server name and session configuration. It handles cases where the server name is not fully qualified or when the cookie should not be set for subpaths.
10732	Generates a cache key for a given link by hashing the URL without fragment and combining parts into a directory structure.
10733	Checks if a given package is purelib in a specified wheel directory.
10734	This function generates paths to Python bytecode files from a distribution's RECORD file.
10735	Checks if a wheel version is compatible with the current pip version. If not, raises an exception or logs a warning.
10736	Stores a wheel file in the specified output directory.
10737	Iterate over names and constants in a code object.
10738	Decorator to refresh rates if they are outdated.
10739	Adds egg-info files to the file list.
10740	Writes a delete marker file in the specified directory.
10741	Checks if the script is running under a virtual environment.
10742	This function retrieves the username based on the operating system.
10743	This function configures a distribution scheme for installation based on the provided parameters.
10744	This function parses the 'Cache-Control' header from a dictionary of headers, extracting and returning a dictionary of cache control directives.
10745	This method checks if a request is cached and determines if it is fresh enough to be served.
10746	This method handles caching HTTP responses based on various headers and conditions.
10747	Updates the zipimporter cache by iterating over entries, updating them with a provided updater function, and removing old entries.
10748	Loads a template file from a specified path, replacing '.tmpl' with '(dev).tmpl' if the path is provided.
10749	This method installs a site.py file for setuptools, ensuring it matches the source code and is not corrupted.
10750	Saves or deletes a file based on its dirty status and path.
10751	Converts a value to a specific type based on its type and configuration.
10752	Adds filters to a filterer based on a list of filter names.
10753	Configures a logging handler based on the provided configuration.
10754	Adds handlers to a logger based on a configuration dictionary.
10755	Configures a logger with specified level and handlers.
10756	Executes a Python script from a file, handling line endings and optional local variables.
10757	Modifies the temporary directory to the specified path.
10758	Convert Git URL to SSH URL.
10759	This method attempts to retrieve an item from an object using a given argument. If the argument is a string, it tries to convert it to a string and then access the attribute of the object with that name. If the attribute does not exist, it tries to access the attribute using the original argument. If all attempts fail, it returns a default value.
10760	Generates a file with the specified source, name, and filename.
10761	Compiles templates into a zip archive or folder.
10762	This function attempts to retrieve the default cache directory for Python eggs, first checking the environment variable `PYTHON_EGG_CACHE`. If not found, it falls back to searching for the `Application Data` directory in common locations based on the operating system.
10763	This function recursively searches for eggs within a zip file, yielding each egg found.
10764	This function recursively searches for distributions in a given path, handling both `.egg` and `.egg-info` files, and yields them.
10765	This function declares a namespace package by recursively importing its parent packages and updating the namespace dictionary.
10766	Returns the method resolution order (MRO) of a class, excluding the base class `object`.
10767	Finds the adapter for an object based on its class hierarchy.
10768	Creates a directory if it does not exist.
10769	Iterates over entry points in a distribution, yielding them based on a group and optional name.
10770	Checks if the Python version and platform of a distribution are compatible with the current environment.
10771	This method finds the best match for a given requirement in a working set, downloading or installing it if necessary.
10772	Evaluates a marker using a parser.
10773	This method evaluates a string of environment markers using the `markerlib` library, translating them to Metadata 2.0 format and then interpreting the string.
10774	Formats a log record by adding indentation to each line.
10775	Formats a number into a specified currency format.
10776	This function parses a pattern into a `NumberPattern` object, handling both positive and negative numbers, including optional exponents and precision specifications.
10777	Convert a given precision to a decimal quantum.
10778	Returns the number of decimal places in a `decimal.Decimal` object.
10779	Normalizes a value to scientific notation, adjusting exponent and value based on locale and precision.
10780	Convert a `datetime.timedelta` object to seconds.
10781	This function parses a list of requirements from a string, handling multiline requirements and distribution specifications.
10782	This function recursively checks the base classes of a class to find the first one that is not from the `setuptools` module, and returns it. If `distutils` is already patched, it raises an assertion error.
10783	This function checks if the provided value for a distribution attribute is a string or a list of strings containing valid project/version requirement specifiers, raising a `DistutilsSetupError` if it is not.
10784	Fetches an egg from the specified requirements, handles dependencies, and installs it.
10785	Rolls dice and prints results.
10786	Convert string to PriceClass object if it's a string.
10787	This function sets default values for 'default' and 'converter' in a dictionary, checks for a 'validator' argument, and appends a validator instance to a list.
10788	Validates request against version, method, params, and ID.
10789	This method retrieves a method from a dictionary based on a given key, or raises an error if the key is not found.
10790	Applies a method with parameters from a dictionary or list, handling exceptions and returning the result or server error.
10791	The method checks if the module is old and returns the blueprint if it is.
10792	Extracts the base name of the URL rule endpoint.
10793	Modifies `request.files` to raise a `DebugFilesKeyError` if a key is not found in `request.form`.
10794	Determines if a package is an SDist or Wheel based on its editable status and link.
10795	This method adds a requirement to the project, handling various scenarios such as ignoring requirements with mismatched markers, adding unnamed requirements, and managing duplicate requirements.
10796	Iterates over requirements, applies handler, and extends discovered requirements.
10797	Checks if a requirement should be upgraded or reinstalled based on its current state and the user's configuration.
10798	This method schedules requirements in a topological order, ensuring that dependencies are installed before their dependencies.
10799	Returns a sorted list of namespace packages from the distribution.
10800	Converts model or queryset to JSON.
10801	Tokenizes a document with annotations.
10802	Merge annotations based on token equality.
10803	Copies annotations from source to destination.
10804	Compresses tokens based on annotations and post/pre tags.
10805	Iterates over tokens, applies markup, and yields HTML.
10806	This function iterates over a list of tokens, yielding HTML representations of their pre-tags and post-tags, with optional conditions for equality and trailing whitespace.
10807	This function iterates through a list of unbalanced end tags, removing them and their corresponding pre-delete and post-delete tags until a match is found.
10808	This function processes a list of chunks, converting them into a list of tokens, handling images, links, and other HTML elements.
10809	Flattens HTML elements, including images, links, and text, while handling tags and text.
10810	Splits text into words.
10811	Generates a start tag string from an element's tag and attributes.
10812	Generates the closing tag for an element with optional extra space.
10813	Convert an HTML element to a string representation, optionally removing the outer tags.
10814	Fixes `ins` and `del` tags by moving them inside block-level tags.
10815	Extracts a constant from a code object based on a symbol.
10816	Generates a URL for an Amazon Web Services (AWS) request with specified parameters.
10817	This function recursively links text and child elements in an HTML-like structure based on specified regex patterns and exclusion lists.
10818	This method removes conditional comments from an XML document.
10819	Convert HTML string to a DOM tree.
10820	This Python decorator checks if an API response is a JSON object and handles errors based on the response status code.
10821	This function dynamically loads and returns a tree walker based on the specified tree type and optional implementation.
10822	Exports SVN repository to specified location.
10823	This function calculates the highest revision number found in a specified directory using Subversion (SVN).
10824	The `setupmethod` decorator checks if a setup function has been called after the first request is handled, raising an assertion error if so.
10825	Returns the name of the module or script being executed.
10826	Returns `self.config['PROPAGATE_EXCEPTIONS']` if it's not `None`, otherwise returns `self.testing` or `self.debug`.
10827	It returns the path to an instance directory based on the package prefix and instance name.
10828	Updates template context with processors, preserving original values.
10829	Handles HTTP exceptions by mapping them to handlers based on the request's blueprint and error code.
10830	Checks if HTTP exceptions should be trapped based on configuration settings.
10831	Handles exceptions, logs them, and either rethrows or returns a handler based on the exception type.
10832	Rethrows a routing exception if not in debug mode or not a RequestRedirect, otherwise raises a FormDataRoutingRedirect.
10833	This method handles the full dispatch request process, including triggering before-first-request functions, sending a request, preprocessing, dispatching, handling exceptions, making a response, processing the response, and sending a response back.
10834	This method generates a default response for a request, handling URL adapters and HTTP exceptions.
10835	Creates a URL adapter for the given request.
10836	Inject URL defaults based on endpoint and values.
10837	This function generates unique elements from an iterable.
10838	This function processes package metadata to identify and categorize dependencies based on certain conditions, appending them to the 'run_requires' field of the metadata dictionary.
10839	Convert a requirement specification into a string representation of its dependencies.
10840	Converts `pkginfo` to `metadata` by updating `Metadata-Version`, handling `requires.txt`, and adding extra and conditionals to `Requires-Dist`.
10841	Imports modules from specified paths, logging errors and warnings.
10842	Iterates over modules, filters classes based on regex, and yields test classes.
10843	This method iterates over classes, extracts method names, and compiles regex patterns to match method names based on a prefix. It yields class and method names that match the regex pattern.
10844	This method finds the basename of a given name based on a list of basenames and module postfixes, considering prefix and suffix matches.
10845	Checks if a given path ends or starts with any of the specified module postfixes or prefixes.
10846	Iterates through directories in a given path, filtering out system directories and private directories.
10847	This method generates paths based on various attributes and file system operations.
10848	Sets default JSON encoder and sort keys based on app configuration.
10849	Sets default class for JSON decoding based on current application or default JSONDecoder.
10850	Sets multiple key-value pairs in the dictionary with a timeout.
10851	Increment the value of a key in a dictionary by a specified delta.
10852	Converts a value to a string representation, encoding it as ASCII if it's an integer, otherwise serializes it using pickle.
10853	This function parses query parameters from a request and returns a dictionary of editable options.
10854	Populates the link attribute if it is None.
10855	Ensures the source directory is set, building it if necessary.
10856	Removes temporary source directories.
10857	This method returns a `Distribution` object from the given egg information path.
10858	This method retrieves data from a stream, optionally parses form data, caches the result, and returns it as text.
10859	This method processes HTTP headers from an environment, updating them based on specific conditions and returning the modified headers.
10860	Converts an IRI to a URI, handling safe conversion and encoding.
10861	This function determines the cache directory for a given application based on the operating system.
10862	This function returns the path to the user data directory for a given application name, considering the operating system and optional roaming setting.
10863	This function returns the path to the log directory for a given application name based on the operating system.
10864	This function returns the path to the user's configuration directory for a given application, handling different operating systems and environment variables.
10865	This function returns a list of directories where configuration files for a given application can be found, considering different operating systems and environment variables.
10866	Iterate over Python modules, yield filenames of Python files.
10867	Restarts the application with a reloader.
10868	Converts input to text, returning an empty string if `None` and `None` otherwise.
10869	This function searches for a CA bundle file based on the operating system and returns the path if found, otherwise returns `None`.
10870	Parses HTML document using specified tree builder and encoding.
10871	Parses HTML content from a stream, returning the parsed document.
10872	Parses a fragment from a stream, returning the parsed tree.
10873	Translates a word to its corresponding translations, raising an error if no matches are found. Returns a sorted list of non-zero translations.
10874	Converts input data to tokens, removes duplicates, and returns the token dictionary and list.
10875	Initializes an HTTP server with the specified host and port, setting the server port attribute.
10876	Print formatted report message.
10877	Loads bytecode from a file, resets if magic header or checksum does not match.
10878	This function takes two dictionaries, `paramsDict` and `kwargsDict`, and returns a new dictionary with the values from `kwargsDict` overriding those in `paramsDict`.
10879	This method runs a command using `call_subprocess` and handles errors by raising a `BadCommand` exception if the command is not found.
10880	Returns the Python version as a string without the dot.
10881	This function takes a location, basename, and optional metadata, and returns a list of distributions based on the file extension.
10882	This function extracts external links from a webpage by searching for specific HTML tags and their attributes.
10883	This function handles URL opening, file checking, directory listing, and error responses based on the URL's scheme, server, path, and query parameters.
10884	This method processes a URL, checks if it has been scanned, and processes it if not. It handles redirects, fetches the page, and processes the HTML content.
10885	This function removes duplicate absolute paths from the Python path.
10886	Creates a set of directory paths from the system path.
10887	This function adds a package to the Python path based on a given site directory, name, and known paths.
10888	Adds a directory to the Python path and returns the updated path list.
10889	Checks if the user site is enabled based on system flags and process IDs.
10890	This code sets up the user site packages directory based on the operating system and environment variables.
10891	This code defines a `Quitter` class that provides a way to exit a program by pressing a specific key combination based on the operating system.
10892	Sets up an alias for the 'mbcs' encoding on Windows.
10893	Sets the encoding for string operations based on locale settings.
10894	This code snippet adjusts the `sys.__egginsert` value to ensure that eggs are inserted after the local site-packages directory.
10895	Modifies the system path to include classpath directories.
10896	This function creates a non-blocking subprocess and starts two threads to read its output and error streams into a queue.
10897	Checks if Pyrex can be imported and used.
10898	Convert `.pyx` files to `.cpp` or `.c` based on the language setting.
10899	Debugs an application by catching exceptions, logging them, and rendering a traceback.
10900	This method reads a file from a specified directory, determines its MIME type, and returns it as a response. If the file does not exist, it returns a 404 error.
10901	This function gathers system and Python details and returns a formatted string.
10902	Checks if a given string is a valid URL.
10903	This function unpacks a file or directory from a given URL to a specified location, handling both local directories and remote files. It checks for hash mismatches and downloads files if necessary, and unpacks the archive to the build directory.
10904	Download a file from a URL using a session and save it to a temporary directory.
10905	This function checks if a file is already downloaded and verifies its hash. If the file is not found or the hash does not match, it re-downloads the file.
10906	Registers a currency with the given parameters.
10907	Exchange currency using provided context, component, backend, and base.
10908	Decompresses data using a decoder if content encoding is specified and flushes the decoder if necessary.
10909	This function returns a dictionary containing the `g`, `request`, and `session` objects from the current request context.
10910	Renders a template with given context and sends the result to the app.
10911	Renders a template with given context.
10912	Renders a Jinja2 template string with provided context.
10913	Parses a version string using pkg_resources or distutils versioning.
10914	Checks if a variable is declared locally or parameter.
10915	Adds identifiers based on their context and declaration status.
10916	This method processes a template node, handling context and missing template handling, and iterates over template events.
10917	This method generates Python code to render a template with optional context and variable assignments.
10918	This function creates a wheel file from a directory, compressing it with ZIP_DEFLATED compression. It walks through the directory, adding files to the zip file based on their names and types. The function also handles deferred files based on their names.
10919	Executes a function atomically, ensuring thread safety.
10920	Creates a service and server using the specified parameters.
10921	Converts an object to a URL-encoded string using a specified charset.
10922	This function parses a requirement string and returns a list of wheel files that match the specified requirement.
10923	This function populates a requirement set with requirements from command-line arguments, editable requirements, and requirements specified in a requirements file. It also handles warnings if no requirements are provided.
10924	Exports a package to a specified location using Bazaar.
10925	This method handles Amazon product lookups, raising exceptions for invalid responses or missing ASINs.
10926	Iterates through pages, yielding items, and increments page number.
10927	Convert element's ancestors to AmazonBrowseNode if available.
10928	This method returns a list of AmazonBrowseNode objects by recursively browsing the children of the current element.
10929	This method safely retrieves an element from a nested dictionary or list structure using a path string.
10930	Extracts text from an element using a safe method.
10931	Convert string to date if possible, otherwise return None.
10932	This method retrieves and returns the price and currency of an offer, handling different price and currency sources.
10933	Convert list price to float and return as a tuple.
10934	This method handles GET requests by checking for cached responses, updating headers based on conditional requests, and then calling the superclass's `send` method to handle the actual HTTP request.
10935	This method updates a response based on the request method and status code, caching the response if applicable.
10936	Creates a function that retrieves an attribute from an environment dictionary.
10937	Converts a string to title case by capitalizing the first letter of each word.
10938	Sorts a list of items based on a specified attribute, with optional case sensitivity and reverse order.
10939	`do_groupby` takes an environment, a value, and an attribute, sorts the value by the attribute, groups it, and returns a list of tuples containing the group key and the corresponding values.
10940	This function takes a context, a sequence, and optional keyword arguments, then applies a filter function to each item in the sequence.
10941	Creates a debug logger with custom formatting and handler.
10942	This function compares two byte strings in constant time.
10943	Verifies a signature against a stored signature using constant-time comparison.
10944	Derive key based on specified derivation method.
10945	Generates a signature using a derived key and an algorithm.
10946	Calculates the signature of a value by appending a separator and the signature of the value.
10947	Verifies a signature using a derived key and a specified algorithm.
10948	This method checks if a signed value contains a specific separator and verifies its signature. If the separator is not found or the signature does not match, it raises an exception.
10949	This method takes a value, encodes it, adds a timestamp, and appends a signature to the result.
10950	Validates a signed value against a maximum age.
10951	Encodes an object into a JSON string with optional salt and encoding.
10952	Server error response with JSONRPC, error code, message, and data.
10953	Filters packages based on include and exclude patterns.
10954	Iterates over packages, filters out those without parent, and yields them.
10955	Iterates through directories in a given path, yielding relative paths.
10956	This method prepares a response by checking the Vary headers in the cached response against the request headers, ensuring they match. If they do not, it returns the cached response. If the Vary headers do not match, it attempts to decode the body of the cached response from bytes to a string and returns it as an HTTP response.
10957	This function checks if the last file in a wheel archive is named 'RECORD.jws' and raises an error if it is not.
10958	Unpacks a wheel file to a specified destination.
10959	This function installs scripts for given distributions using setuptools and easy_install.
10960	This method arranges all elements in the canvas using a DOT data parser.
10961	Redraws the canvas with node and edge attributes parsed from Xdot data.
10962	Search for a node by ID in all graphs.
10963	Updates edge connections based on the new direction.
10964	This method updates a graph object with new edges and ensures all nodes referenced by the edges exist in the graph.
10965	Removes old component from canvas and adds new component.
10966	Handles left double-click events by checking for components and activating an editor.
10967	Adds tools to the diagram canvas.
10968	Clears the diagram canvas and replaces it with a new one.
10969	Handles domain model changes for diagrams.
10970	This method maps a domain model to a Pydot graph, handling containment traits, element retrieval, and diagram node parsing.
10971	Maps elements from an old model to a new model based on containment traits.
10972	This method maps elements to diagram nodes based on containment traits and tools, updating the diagram and components accordingly.
10973	Sets node shape, fixed size, width, height, color, fill color, and style based on provided attributes.
10974	Parses XDot data using a parser.
10975	Convert font size and style to string and set pen font.
10976	Creates an ellipse component with specified properties.
10977	Convert polygon tokens to points, create a polygon object with specified pen and points, and return the polygon.
10978	Convert tokens to points, create a polyline with specified pen and points, return the polyline.
10979	Creates a `Text` component with specified properties from a dictionary.
10980	`proc_image` prints image details and raises NotImplementedError.
10981	This method renders a GridFS file in a web response, handling conditional requests and metadata.
10982	Saves an object to a file using a specified file descriptor.
10983	Loads a graph from a DOT file.
10984	Checks if a point is within a circle defined by the object's origin and dimensions.
10985	Draws a rectangle with the specified bounds and position using the given graphics context.
10986	Opens a wizard if it's open.
10987	Connects to the SQLAlchemy database layer, constructs the engine, session factory, tests the connection, and assigns the engine to the database alias.
10988	Parses DOT code and sets the model if successful.
10989	This method checks if the model is initialized and prompts the user to replace an existing graph if it is.
10990	The method opens a file dialog, parses a DOT file, and sets the model if successful, otherwise prints an error message.
10991	Saves a model's dot code to a file.
10992	Saves a graph model to a file using a file dialog.
10993	Configures the graph based on the provided information.
10994	Configures nodes based on initial information.
10995	Configures the model's traits based on the provided information.
10996	Displays a live modal dialog with the specified information.
10997	Adds a new node to the graph based on the provided information.
10998	This method adds an edge to a graph based on the provided information.
10999	This method initializes a graph, creates a subgraph, and displays it in a live modal dialog.
11000	Adds a cluster to the graph based on the provided information.
11001	This method checks if there are multiple graphs and if the user has selected one, it opens a view to edit the graphs. If no changes are made, it returns `None`. If a graph is selected, it returns the selected graph; otherwise, it returns the model.
11002	Sets up a live modal dialog for options in Godot.
11003	Configures the dot code based on the provided information.
11004	Handles exit confirmation based on prompt_on_exit flag.
11005	This function adjusts the origin of each component in a list to the minimum coordinates of its points.
11006	Saves data to a file using a specified format.
11007	Loads data from a file-like object using the specified format.
11008	Saves data to a file with specified format.
11009	Loads an object from a file using a specified format.
11010	Creates a property with getter and setter methods for a specified attribute.
11011	This function reads a file line by line, splits each line into words, and yields each word.
11012	This method returns a list of words starting with an uppercase letter and not ending with '.', '?', or '!'.
11013	Adds a new Markov chain to the dictionary if it doesn't already exist, otherwise raises a ValueError.
11014	Removes a chain from the dictionary if it exists, otherwise raises a ValueError.
11015	This method builds a chain by iterating over groups, updating a dictionary with counts of elements, and then clearing the cache.
11016	Generates a sentence by randomly selecting words from a chain, weighted by their frequency.
11017	This method creates a temporary file, saves a graph to it, processes it using a layout program, and returns the standard output.
11018	Adds a node to the graph with optional properties.
11019	Deletes a node from the graph by its ID or node object.
11020	Finds a node by its ID in a list of nodes.
11021	Deletes an edge between two nodes in a graph.
11022	Adds an edge to the graph with specified tail and head nodes, optionally setting additional properties.
11023	Adds a subgraph or cluster to the graph.
11024	Checks if GraphViz executable exists and is a file.
11025	Sets node lists for edges based on the current nodes.
11026	Parses a DOT file and returns a graph object.
11027	Reads a .dot file, parses its data, and returns the parsed data.
11028	Builds a graph based on the provided tokens.
11029	This method builds a graph from a list of commands, handling various types of graph operations such as adding nodes, edges, setting attributes, and adding subgraphs.
11030	Convert seconds to time units and multiplier based on a table.
11031	Convert seconds to formatted duration string.
11032	Updates the `name` and `graph` attributes based on the `new` path.
11033	Creates a UI with a graph editor.
11034	Splits a sequence into n equal parts.
11035	This function generates overlapping windows of a given length from an iterable, with optional padding.
11036	Runs a Godot application with specified plugins.
11037	Returns a list of all children objects from the given object.
11038	Appends child objects to the appropriate list based on their type.
11039	Inserts a child object into the specified list based on its type.
11040	Deletes a child object from the specified list based on its type.
11041	Registers trait change listeners for various graph elements.
11042	Registers trait change listeners for various graph items.
11043	This method retrieves a label from an object, handling different formatting and attribute retrieval strategies.
11044	Sets a label on an object.
11045	When label changes, call listener on object with label, dispatch to UI.
11046	Initializes a graph with traits and sets the control.
11047	Updates the editor with new object, graphs it, and listens for changes.
11048	Adds listeners to the canvas's node and edge children.
11049	Deletes old nodes and adds new nodes.
11050	Updates node list based on event changes.
11051	Adds nodes to the graph based on the provided features.
11052	Deletes old edges and adds new edges.
11053	Handles edge changes by deleting and adding edges based on event data.
11054	Adds edges to the graph based on the provided features.
11055	This method parses an XDOT directive, calculates the absolute coordinates of the drawing container, and positions the components relative to the container.
11056	This method updates the position of a component based on the drawing and arrowhead drawing attributes, adjusting the position of the new drawing relative to the graph origin.
11057	Creates a new node with a unique ID based on the input row factory keyword.
11058	Creates an edge between the first two nodes in a graph.
11059	Sets the database connection for the specified alias.
11060	This method parses an XDOT drawing directive, calculates the bounding box, and positions the drawing within a container.
11061	The method parses an XDOT label directive, calculates the minimum position of components, moves them to the origin, creates a container with specified properties, and adds components to it.
11062	Removes old component, adds new component, adjusts position, redraws component.
11063	Updates the position of the component based on the new position.
11064	Updates the component's position based on the new coordinates.
11065	Handles a right-down mouse event by determining the component or components to hit test, checking if the event is within any of them, and activating the appropriate tool.
11066	Summarize the code method to highlight available styles and their CSS definitions.
11067	Draws a path with specified fill and stroke colors, and handles bounds and mode.
11068	Determines if a point is inside a polygon using the winding number algorithm.
11069	Draws a main layer of a graphical object using a graphics context.
11070	Handles events by calling methods on engines.
11071	Runs the function `func` on items from the input queue until the stopper is set, handling exceptions and putting results into the output queue.
11072	Constructs a full URL for a paginated page based on the given page number and scheme.
11073	Generates HTML links for previous and next pages based on the current page's URL and scheme.
11074	Generates SEO links based on the total pages.
11075	Checks if the content type and subtype of a candidate match a given pattern.
11076	This code method sorts a list of available content types based on their specificity and quality, returning the most specific match.
11077	This function takes an input URL and optional keyword arguments to rewrite it according to specified rules. It splits the URL into components, handles optional parameters, and then reconstructs the URL with the modified components.
11078	Removes URL authentication and rewrites the URL.
11079	Convert user and password to URL-safe format.
11080	Normalizes a host name by encoding it with IDNA if specified, encoding it with UTF-8 otherwise, and raising an error if the host name is too long.
11081	This function discovers Python modules in a given directory by scanning for directories containing an `__init__.py` file.
11082	This function recursively searches for Python modules within a given directory, including subdirectories, and returns a list of found module names.
11083	This function imports a module, checks if it exists, and then scans for modules within its path. It returns a list of module paths.
11084	This function recursively lists all classes in a module, optionally filtering by class type.
11085	This function recursively lists all classes in a module, optionally filtering by a class name.
11086	Ensures directory exists.
11087	Creates a blob from text.
11088	This function checks if a given credit card number is valid using the Luhn algorithm.
11089	This function retrieves the git revision of the current Python script.
11090	Loads a module from a specified path.
11091	Adds a path to the paths list if it is not already present.
11092	Search for a module in a given path, handling directories as packages.
11093	Splits a line into two parts based on indentation and line length constraints.
11094	Removes namespaces from XML elements.
11095	This method checks the consistency of versions in a dictionary, ignoring 'package' if specified, and returns an error message if any version does not match the desired version.
11096	Convert keyword arguments to dictionary and assign to class instance.
11097	Merges a dictionary into the current object, updating its attributes.
11098	Executes actions in a subprocess with logging.
11099	Convert YAML data to a class instance with optional token and directory settings.
11100	This method appends Flask request details and session information to a message.
11101	This method processes a record, updates the rate limiter list, checks if an email should be sent, formats the message, and sends it if allowed.
11102	This method retrieves context for a rendition-aware struct block, setting the 'image_rendition' key to the block's rendition's image rendition or 'original' if no rendition is set.
11103	Logs an attempt to access an account and locks it if the maximum number of attempts is reached.
11104	Adds URL to download queue if services are initialized.
11105	Starts workers based on the number of tasks, handling signals and starting them.
11106	Sets a key-value pair in the KVStore.
11107	This method retrieves a value from a KV store using the provided key and optional wait parameters. It handles errors such as key not found or invalid response status codes.
11108	This method retrieves entries from a KV store by making a GET request to a specified endpoint with parameters for recursion, waiting, and index. It handles errors and returns a dictionary of entries.
11109	This method retrieves the Consul index for a given path, handling recursion if specified.
11110	Deletes a resource from the KVStore with the specified key, handling recursion if requested.
11111	This function generates a heatmap of feature importances from a dataset, using seaborn's `clustermap` function. It takes in the dataset `X`, target variable `y`, and optional parameters for top features, metric, and clustering method. The function returns a heatmap with color-coded clusters based on the feature importances.
11112	This function calculates the date after adding or subtracting a specified number of months from a given timestamp.
11113	This function calculates the date after adding or subtracting a specified number of months from a given date. It handles leap years and ensures that the resulting date is valid.
11114	Determine if it's Christmas period based on current date.
11115	Initialize music service based on name and API key.
11116	Initialize storage service based on name.
11117	This method reads a CSV file, filters out the specified label column, converts the remaining columns to a list of dictionaries, and then filters out any non-finite values from the dictionaries.
11118	Convert JSON file to list of lists, reverse order.
11119	Converts data to JSON format and writes to a file.
11120	Filters data based on a reference label.
11121	Calculates the average of values in a DataFrame filtered by a reference label.
11122	Summarize the code method in one line: Generates a feature importance report by applying variance thresholding, performing feature selection using F-test, and correcting multiple hypothesis testing.
11123	Restores data from a dictionary into a session dictionary.
11124	Merges two dictionaries recursively.
11125	This function creates a decorator that dispatches calls to different functions based on a dispatch function.
11126	This function decorates a function with a decorator that can handle multiple dispatch keys.
11127	This function imports the `registered_blocks` module from each installed app and handles potential errors gracefully.
11128	Verifies that a block type is not already registered and that the block is an instance of `Block`.
11129	Registers a block with the registry.
11130	Removes a block type from the registry if it exists.
11131	Converts a file to MP3 format, logs the process, and handles errors.
11132	This method checks if a new version is reasonable based on the current tags and returns an error message if it is not.
11133	Redirects HTTP to HTTPS if SSL_ENABLED is True and the request is not secure, or vice versa.
11134	Initializes Celery with the app's configuration and customizes the task class.
11135	Queues an email with given details.
11136	Sorts a list of headers based on their quality values.
11137	This function parses a cache control header value into a dictionary of directives, handling both quoted and unquoted values, and converting boolean directives to boolean values.
11138	This function parses a content type string into its components, including the main type, subtype, parameters, and suffix.
11139	This function parses a header value into a list of dictionaries, filtering out non-standard parameters.
11140	Converts a string with quoted segments into a list of dequoted, comma-separated values.
11141	This function parses a list of parameters, normalizing their names and values.
11142	Resizes an image to fit a specified width using PIL (Pillow) library.
11143	Adds a value to the `_rfc_values` dictionary if it doesn't already exist, or appends a tuple to `_values` if the name is 'title' or 'title*'.
11144	Downloads a video from a given URL, logs the start and end times of the download, and returns the default filename of the downloaded video.
11145	Connects to Google Drive, retrieves or creates a 'Music' folder, and lists files within it.
11146	Uploads a file to a Google Drive folder.
11147	Sets up the music folder if it doesn't exist.
11148	Writes sky parameters to a file.
11149	Updates the `sky_file` attribute with a new path constructed from the input path, sky state, zenith, azimuth, number of bands, and dataset code.
11150	Reads absorption data from a file and sets `a_phi` accordingly.
11151	Scales `a_phi` by `scale_parameter`.
11152	Read water absorption from file
11153	Read water scattering from file
11154	Reads IOP from file, interpolates to common wavelengths, returns interpolated values or raises an error.
11155	Writes an array to a file.
11156	Builds b with a specified scattering fraction.
11157	Build total absorption by summing water, CDOM, and phi absorption.
11158	Build total attenuation C by summing a and b.
11159	Build all b and c from IOPs
11160	Sets lists with input parameters.
11161	Convert a parameter file to a dictionary.
11162	Convert a string of comma-separated numbers into a list of floats.
11163	Reads a PR report file, extracts specific data, and stores it in a dictionary.
11164	Sets up signal handlers for specified signals.
11165	Logs a warning about receiving a signal while the system is busy processing another signal.
11166	Handles signals by restarting, cleaning up, pausing, resuming, or aborting the Python process based on the signal received.
11167	Pauses the current thread until a signal is received.
11168	Handles signal abort by logging, aborting, exiting, and exiting the program.
11169	Handles signal status, removes non-persistent callbacks, and resumes execution.
11170	Removes an event from a list, logging errors if the event is not found or if the list is empty.
11171	Fetches a metric from a data source with specified parameters.
11172	Sorts a dictionary of metric values.
11173	Collects the first `n` elements of an iterable.
11174	Prints an item to the specified file with an optional end character and file object.
11175	Prints each item in an iterable to the specified file or standard output, with an optional end character and file.
11176	This method extracts the parameter names and default values from a function, handling both bound and unbound methods.
11177	Initialize instance attributes from a partial function.
11178	This method updates the `argv` and `extra_argv` based on new positional and keyword arguments.
11179	This function checks if a given filename matches any of the specified patterns in the `ignore` list.
11180	def file_key(filename): return (4 if filename == 'install.rdf' else 1 if filename in ['chrome.manifest', 'icon.png', 'icon64.png'] else 2 if filename in ['MPL', 'GPL', 'LGPL', 'COPYING', 'LICENSE', 'license.txt'] else 5, os.path.split(filename.lower()))
11181	Convert VLQ (Variable-Length Quantity) to integer.
11182	This function reads a table from a data source, processes fields, and returns a dictionary.
11183	This method parses a header from an archive file, updates it with specific information, and returns the parsed header.
11184	Convert seconds to hours, minutes, and seconds.
11185	Prints player details including team, name, race, and color.
11186	This method initializes various attributes of an object with text values from user interface widgets.
11187	This method opens a file dialog to select a report file, disables certain UI elements, processes the data, displays a graphic, and sets the authorized display flag.
11188	Writes batch data to a file.
11189	This method reads a file, processes its content, and extracts wavelength and data for plotting curves.
11190	Displays the graphic connection based on specified parameters.
11191	This function iterates over a list of labels and data points, updating the GUI with the appropriate information based on the specified curve number.
11192	Displays an error message with a red color and a warning image.
11193	Hides error message.
11194	Executes planarrad with specified batch file.
11195	This method cancels a planar rad operation if the UI is in normal mode and the operation is running.
11196	Display a warning or confirmation message box before quitting PlanarRad.
11197	Save a figure with a unique name and move it to the Artists_saved folder.
11198	Opens a log file and displays its contents in a text editor.
11199	Open documentation in a web browser.
11200	This method performs several UI actions and sets various text fields based on system path and user inputs.
11201	Handles right-click events, displays a context menu if the current tab is in normal mode.
11202	Handles mouse movement in a widget, updating position and calling a graphic target function.
11203	The method `graphic_target` checks if the user is authorized to display a graphic and attempts to display it with specific parameters. If an exception occurs, it catches the error and does nothing.
11204	Creates a LockSet with a single VoteBlock signed by a private key.
11205	This method signs a transaction using a private key, handling various edge cases such as already signed transactions, zero private keys, and invalid private key lengths.
11206	The method `hash` in the class `HashSerializable` computes a hash of the object, excluding certain fields (`v`, `r`, `s`) and including a `_sender` field.
11207	The method checks if the object is valid and returns True if it is, otherwise it returns True.
11208	Allocates funds to a sender and stores the hash of the redemption request.
11209	Identifies the last locked round in a list of rounds, ensuring the list is sorted from highest to lowest.
11210	Identifies the last voted block proposal based on blockhash comparison.
11211	Finds the last valid lockset in rounds.
11212	Calculates the timeout delay based on the current time and the consensus manager's settings.
11213	Updates the last active protocol if the proposal's height is greater than or equal to the current CM height and the lockset is valid.
11214	Generates a list of private keys based on a given number of colors.
11215	Calculates the total delay for a packet transmission between two nodes, considering bandwidth, latency, and additional delay.
11216	Deliver packet with a delay based on consensus timeout.
11217	Creates a proxy class for interacting with a contract using the provided chain, sender, and contract address.
11218	Convert an address to its corresponding native contract class.
11219	Registers a native contract with the system.
11220	Appends data to filter if not already present, removes oldest item if filter exceeds max_items.
11221	Summarize the `on_receive_transactions` method in one line.
11222	Converts an image from VGG format to RGB.
11223	Convert image to VGG format by reversing color channels, subtracting mean values, and transposing dimensions.
11224	Returns a Keras function that computes the output of a specified layer in the network.
11225	This method retrieves the output of a specified layer in a neural network.
11226	This method computes feature outputs for specified layers in a neural network.
11227	Generates a secure key file using a random IV and base64 encoding.
11228	This method checks the exit code of a bulk load job and raises an error if it is not zero. It also handles the end of acquisition and application of rows.
11229	This method initializes a data loader from a file, setting up various parameters such as delimiter, null value, and parsing dates. It iterates through the file, processing each line and updating the data loader accordingly.
11230	This method initializes, loads data, and handles errors in bulk loading operations.
11231	Releases the bulk load for the specified table.
11232	Returns a list of column names for a table.
11233	Modifies the C compiler to remove specified flags.
11234	This function determines the path to the Teradata client installation based on the operating system and Python architecture.
11235	This method retrieves a configuration value from a dictionary, ensuring it starts with "secure." or "connections." and returns the value as a string, or None if the value is not a string.
11236	Sets a configuration value with a secure key.
11237	The method `do_table` toggles the `table_output` attribute based on the input line.
11238	Executes a command with options and sanitization.
11239	Retrieves a value from a nested dictionary, decrypting it if specified, with a default value if not found.
11240	Writes default configuration to a file with specified permissions.
11241	Sets `_filtered_columns` to a list of safe names from `names` if they exist in `_column_map`.
11242	This method writes data to an archive file in binary mode, serializes column information, and iterates over rows to write them to the archive.
11243	Converts the object to a string with specified delimiter and null value.
11244	Convert string to float with optional multiplier
11245	Convert a string of comma-separated key-value pairs into a dictionary.
11246	Convert a comma-separated string into a dictionary.
11247	Wraps a given text to fit within a specified width, with optional indentation.
11248	Detects and returns detected SoapySDR devices.
11249	Sets the center frequency for a PSD state.
11250	This method processes a PSD state by shifting the frequency and power arrays, applying a crop factor, and optionally normalizing and scaling the power array based on the number of repeats.
11251	Wait for futures and return result.
11252	Updates PSD state with Welch's method results.
11253	Read file, check magic bytes, unpack header, read power array, return header and power array.
11254	Writes magic, header, and power array to file.
11255	Submits a function to the executor and returns a future. If the queue size exceeds the maximum, updates the maximum.
11256	Calculates the number of repeats needed for a given integration time and sample rate.
11257	This method calculates a frequency plan based on given parameters, including minimum and maximum frequencies, number of bins, overlap, and quiet mode. It outputs various details about the frequency plan, including overlap, bin size, number of bins, sample rate, hop size, and frequency hops table.
11258	This method creates a buffer with specified number of bins and repeats, ensuring it does not exceed a maximum buffer size. It logs the buffer size and repeats, and returns the buffer size and zeros array.
11259	Sets up the audio processing pipeline with specified parameters.
11260	Closes the device stream, closes the writer, resets the bins, repeats, buffer size, and other attributes.
11261	This method initializes a device, tunes to a new frequency, reads samples, and computes the FFT in parallel.
11262	This method initializes a sweep, tunes to frequencies, collects power spectral densities, and writes them to stdout. It handles time limits and gracefully shuts down the SDR.
11263	Sets the I2C slave address.
11264	This function checks for CMake, configures a build directory, and runs CMake and make commands.
11265	Filters a list of datetimes based on a given number of days in the future, considering timezone and handling dates as datetimes.
11266	Convert datetime to midnight.
11267	Convert a datetime to a week starting from a specified weekday.
11268	Filters datetimes based on specified time intervals.
11269	Deletes dates from a set based on specified time intervals.
11270	This function takes a list of dates and returns a set of dates that are within a specified number of years, months, weeks, and days from the current date.
11271	Deletes dates based on specified intervals and first weekday.
11272	Returns a control byte for SPI communication based on the read/write command and hardware address.
11273	Read a bit from a memory address based on a bit number.
11274	Modifies a byte at a specified address by setting or clearing a bit.
11275	Convert binary to decimal.
11276	This function sets up an epoll event loop to monitor GPIO interrupts on a specified port and chip, adding events to a queue when an interrupt occurs.
11277	Handles events by retrieving them from a queue, matching them with callback functions based on a function map, and executing the matching functions.
11278	Brings GPIO interrupt into userspace.
11279	Sets GPIO interrupt edge to 'falling' within a timeout.
11280	This function waits until a file exists within a specified timeout.
11281	Registers a new pin function map with the given parameters.
11282	Deletes pin function maps based on pin number and direction.
11283	Enables GPIO interrupts by bringing them into userspace and setting their edge.
11284	This method sends bytes over a SPI interface using ctypes, handling callbacks and error checking.
11285	This method renders a form with accordion tabs, updating the context with tab details and rendering the template.
11286	Checks if any field errors exist in the form.
11287	Generates a link template using a specified template pack and form data.
11288	Extracts version from package using pkg_resources or setup.cfg.
11289	Updates form kwargs with foundation version.
11290	Handles HTTP status codes and raises appropriate exceptions based on the status.
11291	This method fetches data from an API using the provided URL and parameters, updates the parameters with login and key, sends a GET request, and processes the response.
11292	Generates a download link for a file using the provided ticket and file ID, optionally including a captcha response.
11293	Uploads a file to a specified folder with optional SHA1 and HTTP-only settings.
11294	Uploads a file to a specified folder using the provided URL and returns the result.
11295	Uploads a file to a remote server using the provided URL and optional folder ID and headers.
11296	Upload status retrieval with optional parameters.
11297	Fetches a list of files in a specified folder.
11298	Runs file conversions in the specified folder.
11299	Calculates relative humidity from temperature and dewpoint in Celsius.
11300	Calculates dewpoint from temperature and humidity.
11301	Publishes data to a server using the specified URI.
11302	Calculates CRC checksum for a byte array using a predefined table.
11303	Verifies data for CRC, logging bad or ok based on result.
11304	Convert a date in a specific format to a string.
11305	Determines the archive revision based on the 'RecType' field in the records.
11306	The method `_wakeup` sends a wakeup signal to a device, reads the acknowledgment, and raises an exception if the acknowledgment does not match the expected value.
11307	This method sends a command to a device, waits for an acknowledgment, and handles exceptions if the device is not accessible.
11308	This method sends a 'DMPAFT' command, sends time stamp and CRC, reads pre-amble data, reads page and archive records, and stores valid records.
11309	This method retrieves the newest record from a weather station archive, handling potential exceptions and sleeping between attempts.
11310	Sets the `fields` variable to the values in the dictionary obtained from `_get_loop_fields()` and `_get_new_archive_fields()`, then calculates derived fields using `_calc_derived_fields()`.
11311	This function updates weather data for a given station and publishes it to a list of public sites. It checks for temperature out of range, retrieves wind gust data, and attempts to publish the data to each site. If an exception occurs during the publishing process, it logs a warning.
11312	Initializes logging with SysLogHandler and StreamHandler, setting log level based on quiet and debug flags.
11313	This function takes an options object, iterates over its keys, retrieves the corresponding arguments, and appends them to a list of public services based on the key.
11314	This method calculates the wind gust value based on the station's fields and updates the count accordingly.
11315	Updates the object's attributes with the provided parameters.
11316	Sets the arguments and logs them.
11317	Writes the dictionary `self.args` to a file in a specific format.
11318	Wraps a function to add a request parameter.
11319	Initializes the application with extensions and request handling methods.
11320	This method fulfills requirements with an optional identity, handling additional requirements and overrides.
11321	Pushes an override onto the context stack.
11322	Pops the override context stack, raises an error if the popped context is not the current one.
11323	`override` method pushes an element onto the stack and yields the current element.
11324	Pushes additional onto the stack if use_parent is True and current is not None.
11325	Pops an additional context from the stack, raising an error if the popped context is not the current one.
11326	`additional` method pushes `additional` onto the stack and yields the current element.
11327	This function takes a list of field names and returns a new list with duplicates removed by appending a suffix to each duplicate field name.
11328	Transforms a dictionary of statistics into a formatted string.
11329	Extracts parameters from a query using user namespace.
11330	This method runs a query against a database, handling parameters, configurations, and connections, and returns a result set or graph based on the specified configuration.
11331	This method checks if Pandas is installed and raises an ImportError if not. It then creates a DataFrame from the data in the object, using the column names from the object's keys if available, or defaulting to a list of column names if no keys are present.
11332	This method creates a graph from a list of results, handling directed and undirected graphs, and adding nodes and edges with properties.
11333	This method generates a pie chart from the data stored in the `ys` attribute of an object, with labels from the `xlabels` attribute. It optionally takes a title and additional keyword arguments to customize the chart.
11334	Plot data with matplotlib, handling optional title and labels.
11335	This method creates a bar chart using matplotlib, plotting the values in `self.ys[0]` against their indices. It optionally labels the x-axis with `self.xlabels` and rotates the labels for better readability.
11336	This method writes a CSV file from a list of rows, optionally saving it to a file or returning its content as a string.
11337	This function checks if a user has a specific permission and handles the permission denied scenario.
11338	Updates context with widget's data and renders widget.
11339	Sorts a list of widgets by their position.
11340	Returns a list of widgets that need updating.
11341	Registers a widget with the dashboard, ensuring it is a subclass of `DashboardWidgetBase` and not already registered.
11342	Removes a widget from the registry if it exists.
11343	Retrieves or creates a `DashboardWidgetLastUpdate` instance for the current widget.
11344	Retrieves a setting from the database or returns a default value if not found.
11345	Saves a setting for a dashboard widget.
11346	Determines if the object should update based on the time since the last update.
11347	This function takes an array, constructs a Spark RDD, and returns a BoltArraySpark object.
11348	ConstructSpark._wrap(ones, shape, context, axis, dtype, npartitions)
11349	Concatenates two arrays of the same type using the specified axis.
11350	Checks if any of the arguments are instances of `SparkContext` or `BoltArraySpark`.
11351	Convert axes argument to tuple and validate its range.
11352	This function wraps a function with a Spark RDD, distributing the keys and values in parallel.
11353	Transposes the array to align keys and linearizes the remaining dimensions.
11354	Convert a NumPy array to a Spark DataFrame column.
11355	Convert array to double precision and transpose along specified axis.
11356	This method takes a RDD and partitions it into stacks based on a given size, yielding each stack as a tuple of keys and arrays.
11357	This method maps a function over the values of a Spark RDD, handling different shapes and rekeying as necessary.
11358	This method chunks a dataset into smaller chunks based on specified sizes and padding, ensuring that the total size of the chunks does not exceed the dimensions of the original dataset along any axis.
11359	This method computes a new array by applying a function to each element of a given array, ensuring that the resulting array has the same shape as the original array.
11360	Transforms RDD values using a function, reshapes the result, and returns a new `BoltArraySpark` object.
11361	This method calculates a plan for chunking a numpy array based on the specified size and axes.
11362	Removes padding from a number along specified axes.
11363	Calculates the number of chunks needed for each dimension based on the plan and shape.
11364	Generates slices for a given plan, padding, and shape.
11365	Generates a boolean mask for a given array of indices.
11366	Repartitions the RDD into `npartitions`.
11367	Creates a new `StackedArray` instance from the RDD and stacks it with a specified size.
11368	Aligns specified axes in a shape, swapping keys and values based on split index.
11369	Convert RDD to BoltArrayLocal and return the first value.
11370	This method computes a statistical summary of an array along specified axes using a given function or statistic name.
11371	Calculates the mean of the elements along a specified axis.
11372	Calculates the variance of the input tensor along the specified axis.
11373	Calculates the standard deviation of the elements along a specified axis.
11374	Calculates the sum of elements along a specified axis.
11375	Calculates the maximum value along a specified axis of the array.
11376	Calculates the minimum value along a specified axis of the array.
11377	Chunks the RDD into chunks of specified size along the given axis with optional padding.
11378	Swaps keys and values in a dictionary based on specified axes.
11379	Transposes the array along specified axes.
11380	Swaps the axes of a tensor.
11381	Reshapes the array to the specified shape.
11382	Finds the index of the new shape that matches the old shape's product.
11383	Squeezes dimensions of a RDD based on specified axis(s).
11384	Convert values in RDD to specified data type.
11385	Clips values in a RDD using a specified minimum and maximum.
11386	Convert RDD to array, reshape, and return.
11387	Convert input to tuple if it's not already one.
11388	Convert input to tuple if it's a tuple, list, or ndarray, otherwise convert to tuple.
11389	Validates axes against the shape of an ndarray.
11390	`allclose(a, b)` checks if two arrays are element-wise equal within a tolerance.
11391	Convert a list of lists into a flattened list.
11392	Convert slice or integer to slice object.
11393	Checks if two arrays are transposable.
11394	Checks if the new shape is reshapeable from the old shape.
11395	Recursively flattens a nested list of arrays.
11396	Expands the dimensions of an array by adding extra dimensions.
11397	This function calculates the cumulative sum of elements in an RDD and then uses it to map each element in the RDD with its index, starting from the cumulative sum.
11398	Wraps a function with a docstring that includes the local and spark arrays extracted from the function's arguments.
11399	`lookup` function checks for a 'mode' argument in keyword arguments, raises an error if the mode is not supported, and returns the corresponding constructor if the argument is valid.
11400	Reshapes the RDD based on the provided shape.
11401	Transposes the array along specified axes.
11402	Reshapes the RDD based on the new shape.
11403	Transposes the array along specified axes.
11404	ConstructLocal._wrap(ones(shape, dtype=float64, order='C'))
11405	ConstructLocal._wrap(zeros, shape, dtype, order)
11406	Concatenates arrays along a specified axis.
11407	Calculates the log likelihood of a dataset given a minimum value and an alpha parameter using the zeta function from scipy.
11408	Identifies the most likely alpha value for a given dataset using a linear search within a specified range.
11409	Calculates the discrete alpha-mle estimator for positive data.
11410	This function finds the best alpha and xmin for a given dataset using a combination of MLE, KS test, and likelihood calculations.
11411	This method calculates the best alpha and xmin for a given dataset using a combination of MLE, KS test, and likelihood functions.
11412	Plot the power-law probability density function (PPF) of the data.
11413	This method fits a lognormal distribution to the data, calculates the likelihood ratio statistic, and prints the results.
11414	Sanitizes HTML content by removing disallowed tags and attributes.
11415	Configures analytics data for Yandex with optional parameters.
11416	Returns a list of tag names with "selected taggit-tag" if they are in the provided list, otherwise "taggit-tag".
11417	Converts a string to MD5 hash.
11418	Converts a key to SHA-256 hash and encodes it in base64.
11419	Converts a key to SHA-512 hash and encodes it in base64.
11420	Convert bytes to long integer.
11421	Decodes a base64-encoded public key content.
11422	This method parses and validates options from a string, adding them to a dictionary.
11423	This method processes SSH RSA data, unpacks integers, parses longs, creates a public key, and validates the key size based on strict or loose mode.
11424	This method processes SSH DSS key data, validating parameters and creating a public key object.
11425	This method processes ECDSA data by unpacking and validating an ecdsa key.
11426	Processes an ed25519 verifying key from a byte string.
11427	This method initializes a key parser, handling SSH2 public keys, validating their type, and decoding the key content.
11428	This method initializes a security context using GSSAPI, handling input token, desired mechanism, request flags, time requirements, channel bindings, and error handling.
11429	This method accepts an input token, processes it using GSS (Generic Security Service), and returns the resulting output token. It handles errors and manages resources properly.
11430	Returns the third element of the result of `_inquire` with parameters `(False, False, False, True)`.
11431	Stores a credential in the GSSAPI.
11432	Initializes properties with options and custom options.
11433	This function initializes a Python package setup with options for distribution, Markdown README, and STDEB support.
11434	Creates a wave file with specified parameters.
11435	Generates a CSS link for the specified version of the H5BP CSS, using the static URL and default version if none is provided.
11436	Normalizes frontend styles using Django settings.
11437	Generates a link to FontAwesome CSS based on the provided version or default setting.
11438	Generates HTML script tags for Modernizr based on settings and template debug mode.
11439	Generates a script tag for jQuery based on settings and template debug mode.
11440	This function generates a script tag for jQuery UI based on the version specified in the settings, with conditional loading for development mode.
11441	This function dynamically generates a script tag for jQuery DataTables based on settings and returns it as a formatted HTML string.
11442	Generates a CSS link for jQuery DataTables based on settings.
11443	Generates a CSS link for DataTables themeroller based on settings.
11444	This function generates a script tag for jQuery Formset based on settings and version.
11445	This function generates a script tag for jQuery's scrollTo plugin, dynamically choosing the version based on settings and template debug mode.
11446	Generates a script tag for jQuery Smooth Scroll based on settings and template debug mode.
11447	Generates a CSS link for Twitter Bootstrap based on settings.
11448	Generates Google Analytics tracking script based on settings.
11449	Converts a CodeMirrorTextarea to a JavaScript code editor.
11450	Generates a SHA-1 hash for each minute validity period.
11451	Calculates the expiry time by adding minutes_valid to the current time and replacing the second and microsecond with 0.
11452	Generates a user token for authentication.
11453	Serializes user data, populating fields, handling sensitive data, and setting createdAt and email.
11454	Convert a profile dictionary into a structured result with optional key prefix and pop behavior.
11455	Updates a user's profile based on the provided update fields.
11456	Authenticates user credentials and raises an error if authentication fails.
11457	Validates user credentials and returns the user object if valid.
11458	Checks if the request is secure or if the remote address is localhost.
11459	This method retrieves a username from a user object, handling different types of user inputs and returning the username if found.
11460	Registers a new user, authenticates them, and returns a token.
11461	This method logs in a user, subscribes to a Meteor publication, and sends a user login event.
11462	Logs out the user from the system, unsubscribes from the user's subscription, and sends a user logged out event.
11463	Handles login based on parameters.
11464	Authenticate user with provided credentials and handle login success or failure.
11465	Logs in a user using a resume token.
11466	Changes user password.
11467	This method handles the process of resetting a user's password by retrieving the user's username, checking if the user exists, generating a password reset token, and sending a password reset email to the user.
11468	Resets user password, logs in, and returns user ID.
11469	Merges two dictionaries recursively, handling nested dictionaries.
11470	Reads a file at the given path, returning its contents as a string. If the file does not exist, returns a default value. If an IOError occurs, returns the default value.
11471	This function retrieves the meteor ID from a Django model or instance, handling cases where the model is an instance of `ObjectMapping` and where the primary key is not provided.
11472	This function retrieves meteor IDs for a given Django model and object IDs, handling AleaIdField and unique fields.
11473	This function retrieves the object ID for a given model and meteor ID, handling specific conditions and exceptions.
11474	This function maps meteor IDs to object IDs based on a Django model and AleaIdField.
11475	This function retrieves an object from a Django model based on a given meteor ID, handling unique AleaIdFields and returning the object if found.
11476	Updates model fields for objects based on a mapping.
11477	Sets default reverse for specified app and operation.
11478	Truncates all tables in the specified app label and schema editor.
11479	Truncates the database for the given app label and schema editor.
11480	Truncates the database schema backwards.
11481	Initializes options for a build process, setting specific attributes like `meteor`, `meteor_debug`, and `build_lib`.
11482	Finalize options for building Python modules.
11483	This method builds a Meteor app by executing a command line with specified arguments, handling project directory paths, and pruning npm build cruft.
11484	Joins path components into a single path.
11485	This method seeds a random number generator using a combination of values and time, ensuring uniqueness and security.
11486	Returns a dictionary containing the current state of the object.
11487	Generates a random string of specified length using given alphabet.
11488	This function decorates a function with API_ENDPOINT_DECORATORS if the input is a function, otherwise it decorates the path with the function's name.
11489	Iterates over API endpoints in an object, yielding tuples of API paths and attributes.
11490	Clears the API path map cache for each API provider.
11491	Prints a formatted dictionary with a specified width and indentation.
11492	This function validates keyword arguments for a given function, ensuring all required arguments are present and handling optional arguments appropriately.
11493	Initialize WebSocket connection, set up logging, and send initial messages.
11494	Removes a connection from the worker's connections dictionary, deletes the connection object, and sends a request finished signal.
11495	Handles incoming messages, processes data, and emits a signal when done.
11496	This method parses an EJSON message, processes individual messages, and yields them to other greenlets.
11497	This method processes a data dictionary, extracts an ID, and attempts to dispatch a message. If the message is not found, it returns an error. If the message is found, it dispatches the message and handles exceptions. If the exception is a MeteorError, it converts it to a dictionary. If the exception is not a MeteorError, it logs the error and returns a result. If the message is 'method', it updates the result with the method ID.
11498	Dispatches a message to a method handler based on the message type and arguments.
11499	Handles connection setup for a Meteor client, raising errors if session already established, version mismatch, or unsupported version.
11500	The method `recv_ping` sends a "pong" message to the client with an optional ID.
11501	`self.api.sub(id_,name,*params)`
11502	`recv_unsub` method handles subscription management, either by unsubscribing a specific user by ID or by responding with "nosub" if no ID is provided.
11503	The `recv_method` function initializes a random seed, creates an Alea random number generator, calls the API method, and sends a reply indicating the method was updated.
11504	This function generates a JSON response with information about a WebSocket connection, including whether it's a WebSocket, the allowed origins, whether cookies are needed, and a random entropy value.
11505	This code defines a `serve` function that sets up a server with optional debugging and SSL configurations, and handles graceful shutdown with signals.
11506	This Python script sets up a Django server with various options for HTTP and SSL configurations.
11507	Prints a message with optional arguments and keyword arguments if verbosity is at least 1.
11508	Stops all threads and server instances.
11509	Runs the PostgreSQL greenlet, waits for all threads to stop, and cleans up.
11510	This method connects to a PostgreSQL database using psycopg2, sets up a listener for the "ddp" channel, and handles connection and selection events.
11511	This method handles PostgreSQL notifications by processing them, reading headers, and sending data to connected WebSocket clients.
11512	Greenify function initializes greenlet support and psycopg2 for asynchronous operations.
11513	Generates a random string of specified length using a random number stream.
11514	This function discovers and registers Django apps in the DDDP API.
11515	Convert arguments to dictionary, update with error, reason, and details, and then merge with additional keyword arguments.
11516	This method updates a thread-local object if it doesn't exist, otherwise returns it.
11517	Emits a log record with formatted fields.
11518	This function is a middleware for handling content negotiation in an asynchronous web application using asyncio. It selects a renderer based on the request's content type and passes the request and response to the selected renderer. If the response data is a coroutine, it waits for the renderer to complete and returns the result. If the response data is not a coroutine, it directly passes the data to the renderer. If the renderer returns a response, it is returned as is. If the response data is not present, the original response is returned.
11519	Adds a route to the web application with the specified method, path, handler, and name.
11520	Adds a resource object to the server with specified methods and names.
11521	Runs the web application using the provided runner.
11522	Sends a message to a device using Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) with optional extra data.
11523	Sends a bulk APNs message to multiple devices.
11524	Fetch inactive APNs registration IDs from feedback server.
11525	Sends a plain message using the GCMMessenger.
11526	Sends a bulk message using the GCMMessenger class.
11527	This method sends JSON data to a server, handles errors, and deactivates devices if necessary.
11528	Sends data to an API with specified headers and returns the response.
11529	This function takes a module location as input, checks if it is a string or unicode, and then attempts to import the module and retrieve a class from it. If the class is not found, it returns `None`.
11530	This function performs fast forward selection to reduce the number of scenarios in a dataset. It calculates the distance between each pair of scenarios and assigns equal probability to all scenarios if none is provided. It then iteratively selects the scenario with the lowest distance to the remaining scenarios, reducing the number of scenarios until the desired number is reached.
11531	Searches Giphy API for specified term, phrase, limit, and rating.
11532	Translates a term or phrase using the Giphy API.
11533	Fetches trending GIFs from Giphy API.
11534	`Giphy` instance method `gif` with parameters `gif_id`, `api_key`, and `strict`.
11535	`Giphy` instance's `screensaver` method called with optional parameters.
11536	Uploads a file to Giphy using the provided tags and username.
11537	Normalizes integer keys in a dictionary.
11538	Fetch data from an endpoint with an API key and handle errors.
11539	Translates a term or phrase into a GIF using the Giphy API.
11540	This method fetches trending GIFs from a service, yielding each one until a limit is reached or the end of the data is reached.
11541	Fetches a GIF by ID and returns a `GiphyImage` object if found, otherwise raises an exception.
11542	Uploads a GIF to Giphy with specified tags and username, returns the GIF ID.
11543	This method sets access control for a video in a YouTube group.
11544	Authenticate user with YouTube service using provided credentials.
11545	Uploads a video to YouTube with specified details and access control.
11546	This method checks the upload status of a video using the YouTube API and returns a dictionary with the upload state and a detailed message.
11547	Updates a video entry in the YouTube API with specified details.
11548	Deletes a video from YouTube using the provided video ID.
11549	This method checks video availability by calling an API and returns a JSON response indicating success or failure.
11550	This method checks video availability, renders appropriate templates based on the availability, and passes video parameters to the template.
11551	This function retrieves and renders a list of videos for a given user, handling authentication and error checking.
11552	Uploads a video from a form, saves it to the server, and sends it to YouTube.
11553	Uploads a video to YouTube with optional parameters and handles errors.
11554	Upload video entry and redirect to video page or upload page based on upload status.
11555	Removes a video from the database and redirects to the upload page or specified URL.
11556	Fetches video data from the API using the provided video ID.
11557	Saves a video instance, fetching details from an API if new, updating details on YouTube if existing, and saving the model.
11558	Deletes a video using the provided API.
11559	Updates metadata using the API.
11560	Updates metadata field with given value.
11561	Updates data using item_update and returns the updated data.
11562	Converts a string of semicolon-separated nodes into a list of parsed nodes.
11563	Converts a list of trees into a Newick string.
11564	Loads file content with optional comment stripping.
11565	Reads a file with optional encoding and comment stripping.
11566	This function parses a string into a tree structure, handling comments and siblings.
11567	Creates a new node with optional name, length, and descendants.
11568	Convert tree nodes to Newick format.
11569	Convert ASCII art to a more readable format with specified characters.
11570	Finds a node by label in the graph.
11571	Prune nodes based on specified leaves and inverse pruning.
11572	Resolves polytomies in a tree structure.
11573	Removes internal names from nodes in a tree.
11574	Removes leaf node names.
11575	Authenticates user based on realm and function.
11576	This function processes a JSON string, removing comments and formatting.
11577	Checks if a setting is defined in the application. If not, raises an exception.
11578	This method retrieves an argument from a dictionary, handling default values and stripping whitespace.
11579	This method retrieves parameters from a request, decodes them, and optionally strips whitespace.
11580	This method wraps a callback function with additional arguments and returns it.
11581	Retrieves a cookie from the cookie monster, returning a default value if not found.
11582	Deletes a cookie named `name` with the specified path and domain from the cookie monster.
11583	Redirects to the OpenID endpoint with authentication parameters.
11584	This method handles OAuth authentication by fetching an access token from a server.
11585	Constructs OAuth request parameters for an HTTP request.
11586	Redirects to the OpenID endpoint with specified arguments.
11587	This method sends a Facebook API request asynchronously.
11588	Fetch access token from OAuth server using provided credentials and callback URL.
11589	Concatenates a URL with query parameters.
11590	Parses a header line into a key and a dictionary of parameters.
11591	Adds a value to a list associated with a normalized name in a dictionary.
11592	Convert input name to normalized form and retrieve list associated with it, or return empty list if not found.
11593	This method parses a line, adding it to a dictionary if it's a continuation of a multi-line header, otherwise it splits the line into a name and value, and adds them to the dictionary.
11594	Parses headers into an object.
11595	Convert a name to a normalized form using HTTP headers.
11596	Converts a value to UTF-8 encoding.
11597	Convert bytes to Unicode string.
11598	Converts a value to a base string.
11599	Converts Python objects to Unicode strings.
11600	Checks for duplicate authentication plugins with conflicting settings.
11601	Iterates through all subclasses of a given class, excluding duplicates.
11602	Selects a policy based on the origin and request method, handling different matching strategies and conditions.
11603	Calculates the occupancy of points in a grid based on their proximity to grid points.
11604	Prints a GRO file with title, number of atoms, atoms, and box dimensions.
11605	Prints a PDB file with title, box, and atoms.
11606	This function calculates the number of molecules for each type based on the given total weight, relative weights, and absolute weights.
11607	Resizes a periodic boundary condition (PBC) for lipids based on given relative and absolute numbers of lipids, area, and hole. It calculates the necessary box dimensions and scaling factors to accommodate the specified lipids.
11608	This function writes a topology file for molecular simulations, including molecules from a list, with optional output to a specified path.
11609	Iterates over lines from a resource file.
11610	This method stores messages for a user in a cache, appending them with their level.
11611	Iterate over users, calling `message_user` with each user, message, and level.
11612	This function retrieves a message from a cache based on a user's key, deleting the key after retrieval if the message exists.
11613	Processes user messages and adds them to the response.
11614	This function reads a JSON configuration file, verifies a profile name, retrieves data, and updates configuration data based on the message's authentication status.
11615	Verifies if the profile name in the message is in the configuration data. If not, raises an UnknownProfileError.
11616	This function updates a message object with data from a configuration dictionary based on the message type and profile.
11617	Retrieves password from configuration based on message type and profile.
11618	Updates configuration data based on message attributes.
11619	Updates the password configuration based on the message type and authentication details.
11620	Create a configuration profile based on user input.
11621	Displays required items for a given message type.
11622	This function takes a message type as input, retrieves settings from a configuration dictionary, and prompts the user to input values for each setting. It returns a dictionary containing the user inputs.
11623	This function takes a message type as input, retrieves authentication details from a configuration dictionary, and returns them as an ordered dictionary.
11624	Configures a profile with given data and authentication details.
11625	Adds data to a configuration dictionary based on profile and message type.
11626	This function updates a configuration dictionary with a password based on a message type and profile name.
11627	Adds attachments to a message.
11628	Sends a message to a URL using the specified encoding and handles potential errors.
11629	Sends a message based on type and asynchronous flag.
11630	This function creates a message factory that returns a message based on the message type, handling exceptions for unknown profiles and invalid message inputs.
11631	Creates a property that obfuscates the value of a credential.
11632	This code defines a property decorator that validates the input value before setting it on an instance.
11633	Validates input based on message type and attribute.
11634	Validates Twilio attributes.
11635	Validates SlackPost attributes.
11636	Validates WhatsApp attributes by splitting and checking for a valid phone number or URL.
11637	Executes a coroutine using a thread pool executor.
11638	Adds a message to the coroutine.
11639	Read file content into `body` if file exists.
11640	This function trims unwanted keyword arguments from a dictionary.
11641	Sends a message with optional file attachment and additional keyword arguments.
11642	This method retrieves the chat ID for a given username by making a GET request to the specified base URL and parsing the JSON response to find the chat ID associated with the provided username.
11643	Sends a message or document using HTTP POST request.
11644	Sends a message with optional attachments and prints debugging information if verbose is enabled.
11645	This function returns the SMTP server for a given domain, or the default SMTP server if the domain is not found in the SMTP_SERVERS dictionary.
11646	Generates an email message.
11647	Adds headers to a message object based on the provided attributes.
11648	Adds a plain text body to the email message.
11649	Adds attachments to a message.
11650	This method initializes an SMTP session based on the specified port and authentication credentials.
11651	Returns an SMTP_SSL object configured with the specified server and port, using the default SSL context.
11652	Returns an SMTP session configured for TLS.
11653	Sends an email with specified recipients and message content.
11654	Saves the tags to a file if available, otherwise raises a ValueError.
11655	Unloads an image handle.
11656	This method retrieves a region of an image from the specified coordinates and dimensions, returning an `Image` object with the specified dimensions and content scale.
11657	Validates vendor and internal data types in a class.
11658	Removes all elements from the internal list.
11659	This method writes vendor data to a byte stream, including framing and comments.
11660	Reads data from a file at a specified offset and size.
11661	Deletes the file object and adjusts the parent chunk's size if applicable.
11662	Resizes the file object by writing the new data size and adjusting the parent chunk's size accordingly.
11663	Inserts a chunk into the file with the given ID.
11664	Saves an AIFF file with an ID3 header containing metadata about the framedata.
11665	Deletes the file specified by `filename` or the default filename if not provided, then clears the current file.
11666	This method reads a file, processes its lines according to a specified format, and stores the processed lines in a list.
11667	Processes a line by matching it against a regular expression and adding block lines if a match is found.
11668	Adds a new block to the list of blocks and resets the lines list.
11669	Draws a string with specified font, text, position, and alignment.
11670	Convert ISO 8601 time string to datetime object, handling fractional seconds and timezone.
11671	Convert a list of words to HTML-quoted string.
11672	Convert text to HTML with cross-references, italics, and bolds.
11673	Convert words to HTML paragraphs with proper formatting.
11674	Generates HTML code from a list of lines.
11675	Convert items to HTML code.
11676	This method saves MP4 metadata to a file by appending atom data to the "ilst" atom in the "meta" box of the "udta" box of the "moov" box.
11677	Updates parent offsets by adding a delta to the size of each data block.
11678	This code initializes game event handlers and starts the game loop.
11679	Registers a mapping in the registry.
11680	Retrieves a class from a registry based on vendor and product IDs.
11681	Registers a freeform key with specified getter, setter, and deleter methods.
11682	Generates a Base64-encoded HMAC signature for a given string using SHA256.
11683	Generates AWS request headers for an HTTP request.
11684	This method handles different HTTP methods by calling specific helper methods (`_send_get_request`, `_send_post_request`, `_send_delete_request`) with appropriate headers and data.
11685	Sends a GET request to the specified endpoint with given path, parameters, and headers, and returns the response text.
11686	Sends a POST request to the specified endpoint with given data and headers, returns the response text.
11687	Sends a DELETE request to the specified endpoint with the given headers and returns the response text.
11688	Convert value to UTF-8 if kind is TEXT or EXTERNAL, raise TypeError if kind is TEXT and value is not a string, and return appropriate APEValue type based on kind.
11689	This method sends a request to a server, parses the response, and returns the parsed XML root.
11690	This method performs an API call, parses the response, and yields HostedZone instances. It handles pagination by adjusting the API request parameters based on the presence of the NextMarker tag.
11691	This method retrieves hosted zones from AWS using pagination.
11692	Creates a hosted zone in AWS.
11693	This method retrieves resource record sets from a specified zone ID, allowing for pagination through results.
11694	This method sends a POST request to the Route53 API to change resource record sets, handling errors and parsing the response.
11695	Draws an image on a canvas with specified coordinates.
11696	Draws a region of an image.
11697	Calculates the total size of packets in a data structure, including headers and padding.
11698	This method replaces old pages with new pages in a file, adjusting offsets and serial numbers accordingly.
11699	Finds the last Ogg page in a file with a given serial number.
11700	Sets a section in a document, creating it if it doesn't exist.
11701	Adds markup to the document.
11702	This method processes content by identifying and adding markup tags to it, handling markup sections and breaking lines.
11703	Returns markup for a given tag name.
11704	This function creates an XML document for creating a hosted zone in AWS using the provided parameters.
11705	Locks a file object using fcntl.
11706	Inserts `size` bytes of zeros at `offset` in a file, handling potential mmap issues and padding the file if necessary.
11707	This function deletes a specified number of bytes from a file at a given offset, handling potential mmap issues and ensuring file integrity.
11708	Converts a string or bytes object to UTF-8 encoding.
11709	Adds a change to the list of creations or deletions based on the action.
11710	Convert XML change information to a dictionary.
11711	Calculates the width of a string using a text layout engine.
11712	Checks if any initial value in the object has been modified.
11713	Deletes a resource record set from a hosted zone.
11714	This method saves changes to DNS records by deleting and creating new ones within a single change set.
11715	This function parses an ID3v1 tag from a byte string, extracts metadata, and returns a dictionary of frames.
11716	Convert ID3v1 tags to bytes.
11717	Reads a specified number of bytes from a file, raising errors if the size is invalid or if the end of the file is reached.
11718	Deletes all occurrences of a key in a dictionary, optionally appending a colon to the key if it starts with the specified key.
11719	Updates the frame with a tag if its type name is 3 characters long.
11720	Updates common ID3 tags based on version and format.
11721	Updates ID3v2.3 frames to 2.4 format, handles various ID3v2.3 tags, and removes unnecessary tags.
11722	Unloads a sound handle.
11723	Plays sound with optional gain, pan, and pitch adjustments.
11724	Sets voice loop points.
11725	This function splits an Adobe glyph list into a list of glyphs and their corresponding values.
11726	Filters a list of glyph names based on a given filter.
11727	```python
def dump_encoding(file, encoding_name, encoding_list):
    write = file.write
    write("  /* the following are indices into the SID name table */\n")
    write("  static const unsigned short " + encoding_name + "[" + repr(len(encoding_list)) + "] =\n")
    write("  {\n")
    line = "    " + comma = "" + col = 0
    for value in encoding_list:
        line += comma
        line += "%3d" % value
        comma = "," + col += 1
        if col == 16:
            col = 0
            comma = ",\n    "
    write(line + "\n  };\n\n\n")
```
11728	This function writes a C array from a Python list to a file.
11729	This Python script generates a PostScript glyph names table and a compressed Adobe Glyph List (AGL) table for a given input file.
11730	Checks if a file exists and returns `True` if it does, otherwise returns `None` and writes an error message to `sys.stderr`.
11731	This function takes a list of file paths as input, filters out non-existing files, and returns a sorted list of existing files.
11732	This function parses an XML element representing a hosted zone and extracts relevant information to instantiate a `HostedZone` object.
11733	This method parses delegation set information from an XML element and extracts the nameservers into a list, which is then assigned to the `_nameservers` attribute of the `zone` object.
11734	This function takes a list of blocks, converts each block's code and data into a byte string, and returns the concatenated byte string.
11735	Appends a new padding block to the list of blocks, with a length equal to the sum of the lengths of all existing padding blocks plus 4 bytes for each removed header.
11736	Removes all `VCFLACDict` metadata blocks from the object's metadata blocks list and clears the tags, then saves the object.
11737	This method saves metadata blocks to a file, handling padding and ID3v2 deletion.
11738	Extracts `HostedZoneId` and `DNSName` from an XML element.
11739	Convert a list of resource records into a list of their values.
11740	This function parses an XML response from Route53 to create a `ResourceRecordSet` instance.
11741	Deletes a hosted zone by force, cleaning up all record sets first.
11742	This method adds a new record set to a hosted zone using the provided parameters.
11743	Creates a record set in the DNS service.
11744	Creates an AAAA record set.
11745	Creates a CNAME record in the DNS system.
11746	Creates an MX record in the DNS system.
11747	Creates a new NS record set.
11748	Creates a PTR record set with the given name, values, and TTL.
11749	Creates an SPF record set.
11750	Creates a SRV record in the DNS server.
11751	Creates a TXT resource record set.
11752	Registers a TXXX frame with a given key, description, and value.
11753	This function returns the current values of an RRset for creations or the initial values for deletions.
11754	This function generates an XML representation of a DNS change based on the provided parameters.
11755	This function writes a ChangeResourceRecordSetsRequest XML document to a BytesIO object, including a Comment element if provided.
11756	Initializes logging with a file handler and logs the start of NanoGUI and NanoPlot versions.
11757	Returns the item associated with the given alias.
11758	Sorts dictionary items by key.
11759	Convert dictionary of attributes to HTML attribute string.
11760	Initializes the application with signals and template global functions.
11761	Initializes bars with their initializers.
11762	Adds a bar to the bars dictionary with the given name.
11763	Returns a dictionary of arguments based on the `_args` attribute.
11764	Returns the URL for the current endpoint with optional arguments.
11765	Checks if the current request has the same endpoint and arguments as the object's endpoint and arguments.
11766	Validates that a metric class has 'label' and 'widget' attributes.
11767	This function retrieves a statistic model by its name.
11768	Calculates statistics for each statistic and frequency pair.
11769	Automatically discovers and imports gadgets from Django apps.
11770	This method generates a CSV file containing statistics for a given metric, filtered by a specified frequency, and returns it as an HTTP response.
11771	Handles statistic operations based on input parameters.
11772	This function retrieves a list of values from the GET request for a specified variable, handling cases where the variable is not present or fails silently.
11773	Convert GET variable to boolean.
11774	Generates the next color in a list based on the current index.
11775	This function takes a request object and several parameters to return a dictionary containing the parsed and validated GET parameters.
11776	This function calculates the cumulative count of a metric over a specified period, considering both the latest and previous statistics.
11777	This function retrieves gecko board widget data based on user parameters, filters metrics by UIDs, calculates the latest counts for each metric based on specified frequency and cumulative status, and returns a tuple of results.
11778	This method generates a line chart for a given metric over a specified period, handling exceptions and returning the chart data, dates, and metric title.
11779	This method retrieves the latest count of a gecko metric based on the provided parameters, including frequency, cumulative status, and minimum and maximum values.
11780	This function generates a funnel chart for geckoboard based on the provided request parameters.
11781	Returns a list of unique statistics from all gadgets.
11782	Registers a gadget in the registry if it is not already registered.
11783	Generates context data for a gadget registry with specified dimensions and ratios.
11784	Print error message to stderr and exit with specified code.
11785	The function `valid` is a decorator that validates data against a schema before calling the decorated function. It uses the `validate` function to check the data and raises appropriate exceptions if the validation fails.
11786	This function reads multi-line input from the user, with optional limits on the number of lines and maximum length of each line.
11787	This function reads a list of strings from the user, with optional maximum number of items and maximum length per item.
11788	This function prompts the user for a file name, checks if it already exists, and allows the user to overwrite or create it. It handles file permissions and directory not found errors.
11789	This method schedules a sports game for a given year by fetching the game data from a sports reference website, parsing it into a DataFrame, and returning the DataFrame.
11790	Determine the winner based on home and away scores.
11791	Calculates the previous year based on the current month.
11792	This method retrieves player data from a sports reference table and returns it as a pandas DataFrame.
11793	Extracts the surface from a sports reference table.
11794	The method `coin_toss` checks if the 'Won Toss' is present in the parsed information table and returns `None` if it is not.
11795	This method parses weather information from a table in a document, converting it into a dictionary with temperature, relative humidity, wind speed, and wind chill. If no weather information is found, it returns a default dictionary.
11796	Extracts official sports information from a table.
11797	This method schedules NBA games based on the given kind (regular season or playoffs), handling errors and calculating the number of regular season games.
11798	This method generates a DataFrame containing team standings, including seeds, conferences, and game-by-game statistics, from a sports reference website.
11799	This method retrieves and processes team statistics from a sports reference table using BeautifulSoup and pandas.
11800	This method fetches NBA award data for a specific year from a sports reference website and returns it as a pandas DataFrame.
11801	Convert table to DataFrame with specified columns and data.
11802	Returns the next year if the current month is September or later, otherwise returns the current year.
11803	This method processes a sports reference table, cleans data, and adds features for each team and player.
11804	Decorator that changes the current working directory before and after executing a function.
11805	This Python decorator caches the results of a function based on the URL, checking the cache validity and updating it if necessary.
11806	Generates a unique key for a class instance based on its class and arguments.
11807	Memoizes function results based on input arguments.
11808	Calculates age from birth date to given year, month, day.
11809	This method retrieves a table from a sports reference document, parses it, and returns a DataFrame.
11810	Calculates statistics for a game based on the specified kind and summary flag.
11811	Calculates total statistics based on the specified kind and summary flag.
11812	Calculates statistics per 36 minutes based on the specified kind and summary flag.
11813	Calculates statistics per 100 possessions for a given kind.
11814	`stats_advanced` method retrieves advanced statistics based on the specified kind and summary flag.
11815	Calculates shooting statistics based on the specified kind and summary flag.
11816	`stats_pbp` method retrieves advanced play-by-play statistics based on the specified kind and summary flag.
11817	Transforms a sports game log into a DataFrame based on the specified year and kind.
11818	This method writes a message to the session, checks if a specific key exists, and either deletes or prints the value.
11819	This code method takes a DataFrame `df` and a column `detailCol` as input, parses detailed information from the `detailCol` column, cleans up unmatched details, merges the cleaned details with the original DataFrame, adds an `isError` column, and fills in some NaN values.
11820	This function processes a DataFrame to add team and opponent columns based on the 'isKickoff' flag and the previous team and opponent values. It fills missing values using backward fill ('bfill') and forward fill ('ffill') methods.
11821	This function adds team features to a DataFrame, including distance to the goal, win probability, and WPA for both teams, and calculates offense and defense scores based on the boxscore ID.
11822	Calculates the initial win probability based on a given line and normal distribution.
11823	This method retrieves a table from a sports reference document based on the kind of data requested ('R' for regular season or 'P' for playoffs) and parses it into a DataFrame.
11824	Extracts a list of award IDs from a sports reference table.
11825	Extracts the team name from a webpage's meta header.
11826	Extracts boxscore IDs from a sports reference table for a given year.
11827	Search for keyword in p tags of meta divs for given year.
11828	Extracts coach IDs and their tenure from a sports database for a specific year, returns them in reverse order.
11829	This method schedules games based on the year, parses a table, and filters and categorizes game outcomes.
11830	Returns the URL of the offensive coordinator for a given year.
11831	Returns the URL of the defensive coordinator for a given year.
11832	Returns the ID of the stadium for a given year.
11833	Extracts the offensive scheme name from a given year's information using regular expressions.
11834	Extracts the defensive alignment from a given year's information using regular expressions.
11835	This method processes a year's splits data, parses tables, and combines them into a single DataFrame.
11836	Fetches HTML from a URL, throttles requests, and raises an error for 4xx status codes.
11837	Flattens HTML links in a table cell, handling nested links recursively.
11838	Convert a URL to an ID using regular expressions.
11839	Convert keyword arguments to a query string.
11840	This method reads data from an HDF5 file in a multi-process environment, handling cyclic and synchronous data access.
11841	`put_direct` method returns a new `Guard` object with updated `read_queue`, `arys`, and `__put_idx`.
11842	Returns a Guard object with a read_idx that is either QueueClosed or a function that returns read_idx.
11843	Closes queues.
11844	This method reads a specified chunk of data from a HDF5 file, handling cases where the dataset is empty or not chunked.
11845	Calculates the remainder of a batch operation based on the given path and block size.
11846	This method initializes a queue for data processing, managing multiple processes to read data from a dataset in parallel.
11847	This method initializes a generator to access a queue, copying batches and yielding rows until the queue is exhausted.
11848	This function reads binary data from a file or file-like object, parses it using a specified protocol buffer class, and yields the parsed objects.
11849	Writes a list of objects to a file in binary mode.
11850	Reads a variable-length integer from a file descriptor.
11851	Read objects from a file, handling groups and delimiters.
11852	Closes the file descriptor if it is open.
11853	Appends each `pb2_obj` to `_write_buff` if the buffer size is not zero and the current index plus the base is a multiple of the buffer size, then flushes the buffer.
11854	Flushes the write buffer by encoding each object's serialized string and writing it to the file descriptor.
11855	Determine game directory based on username or common setting, convert to lowercase if Windows or Cygwin.
11856	Emulates keyboard input with control key pressed.
11857	Generates a fake movie with specified parameters.
11858	This method evaluates traits based on their conditions and returns their descriptions.
11859	This method continuously checks a condition until it becomes true or the timeout is reached.
11860	This method continuously checks if all traits are present in an element within a specified timeout period, logging the progress and handling exceptions.
11861	Adds exceptions to the list of ignored exceptions.
11862	This method attempts to execute a command to set the volume of an audio device, handling potential errors such as invalid input types.
11863	Convert string to integer using exec_command and return the result.
11864	This method attempts to send a message over a socket, handling retries and error conditions.
11865	Convert `nad_reply` into a list of 10-character strings, then parse each string to extract volume, power, muted, and source information.
11866	Sets power off if already off.
11867	Turns on device if not already powered.
11868	Convert volume to hex and send command
11869	Sets the source of the device based on the current status and the provided source.
11870	This function deobfuscates a URL, resolves a path, and returns a response.
11871	Calculates the CRC-32 checksum of a binary string.
11872	Obfuscates a value using encryption and URL slugification, returning the URL for deobfuscation.
11873	This function searches for a specific song name in an HTML response and prints a list of available songs.
11874	Extracts all hrefs and names from an HTML document, removing specific tags and formatting.
11875	This function checks if a song name is present in an HTML string and returns the corresponding download link.
11876	This method parses a URL, extracts links, and determines the best download quality based on the song name.
11877	Generates a Google search URL for a given song name and website.
11878	Extracts the download URL from a Google search result page.
11879	The method `Parse` retrieves a URL from a Google search, downloads the HTML content, and then parses it to extract the website URL.
11880	Downloads HTML content from a URL, handling SSL errors and exceptions.
11881	Downloads a file from a given URL using the `requests` library, handling SSL errors and progress bars.
11882	Downloads a file using `wget` with specified options.
11883	Returns a list of station codes for a given city using a token.
11884	This function fetches location data from an API using coordinates and a token, parses the response, and returns the observation data if the request is successful.
11885	Convert JSON response to dictionary with parsed AQI data.
11886	This function fetches observation data for a given station using a token and returns it if the request is successful, otherwise returns an empty dictionary.
11887	This method generates a list of paths by appending an 'index' suffix to the base path, excluding the 'index' suffix if it exists.
11888	Returns a list of compiler extensions from the environment.
11889	Returns the MIME type based on the format extension or compiler mimetype, or defaults to 'application/octet-stream' if none is found.
11890	Returns the result mimetype of the last compiler in the list if available, otherwise returns None.
11891	Compiles the extension based on the mimetype.
11892	Registers a processor for a given mimetype.
11893	Removes a processor from a mimetype in the registry.
11894	This method initializes a list of paths by extending it with paths from each finder object in the `finders` list.
11895	Registers default mimetypes, preprocessors, and postprocessors.
11896	Imports Qt bindings based on the presence of IDA, returning the appropriate module.
11897	Returns a Netnode object with a name formatted from organization and application settings.
11898	Adds a plugin name to the set of netnode plugins.
11899	Removes a plugin name from a set of netnode plugins, or returns the default meta netnode if the plugin is not found.
11900	Imports settings from a configuration file.
11901	Exports settings to a configuration file.
11902	This method initializes a `DirectoryIDASettings` object with the plugin name and the specified directory.
11903	Iterate over keys in multiple dictionaries, skipping duplicates.
11904	Handles API exceptions by returning a response with an error message and status code.
11905	This function connects to DynamoDB using the provided credentials and retrieves a table object.
11906	This function connects to DynamoDB and returns a list of tables.
11907	Fetch items based on category and date.
11908	Convert item's metadata ID or fetched timestamp to a string.
11909	Convert timestamp string to datetime and return timestamp.
11910	Fetches the owner team of a crate using the provided crate ID.
11911	Fetches the owner user from a crate using the client's attribute method and returns it as a JSON object.
11912	Fetches crate versions from a client.
11913	Fetches crate version downloads from the client.
11914	Fetches crate data from the client and returns the crate object.
11915	Fetches raw content from a specified URL.
11916	Fetches crates from a specified category using a given page number.
11917	Fetches raw crate data from the specified URL.
11918	Fetches raw attribute data for a given crate ID and attribute from a specified API URL.
11919	Fetches items from a specified path, handling pagination and error handling.
11920	Fetch items from a database with optional offset and category.
11921	Fetches questions from a specified category with pagination and error handling.
11922	This method fetches questions from a server, handling pagination and yielding each page of questions.
11923	Fetch items from a category with an optional offset.
11924	This function extracts the 'updated' field from an item dictionary and returns its timestamp as a float.
11925	Determine category based on item properties.
11926	This method fetches items from a remote API based on a specified category and offset, yielding each item as a JSON object.
11927	Returns the buffer list if the operation is a poll.
11928	Returns the I/O priority of the I/O request if enabled, otherwise returns `None`.
11929	Closes the context and releases the queue.
11930	Submits a list of I/O requests to the I/O context.
11931	Cancels an I/O event and returns the result.
11932	Cancels all submitted transfers, handling errors gracefully.
11933	This method retrieves events from an I/O context, handling optional parameters for minimum number of events, number of events to retrieve, and timeout. It returns a list of Python objects representing the retrieved events.
11934	Fetch items from the specified category with optional keyword arguments.
11935	Retrieves all cells spreadsheet data from the API.
11936	This method parses a JSON feed, extracts event data, and yields events until the end of the feed. It logs warnings for events with missing date or club name and counts the number of wrong events.
11937	This method returns a sorted list of export formats for a given PID type.
11938	Creates a permission factory based on configuration.
11939	Creates a blueprint for Invenio Records UI with error handling, context processor, and URL rules based on provided endpoints.
11940	This function creates a URL rule for a Flask application, handling various parameters such as endpoint, route, PID type, template, permission factory, view implementation, record class, and methods.
11941	This method handles record views, resolving PID, checking permissions, and redirecting if necessary.
11942	This method sends a record viewed event and renders a template with the provided parameters.
11943	This method exports a record in a specified format, handling deprecated formats and rendering the result in a template.
11944	This method calculates the time taken to execute a callable function and returns the result.
11945	Closes the socket and sets the closed flag.
11946	Removes a client from the list and closes the connection if the list is empty.
11947	Increment metric with optional count and rate.
11948	The method `timing` takes a name, milliseconds, and an optional rate, checks if the metric should be sent, converts milliseconds to an integer, and sends a request with the created metric name and milliseconds.
11949	Calculates the duration since a given start time and updates the timing record.
11950	The method `gauge` sends a gauge metric to a server if the metric should be sent and the value is numeric.
11951	This method updates a gauge metric with a new delta value, handling numeric conversion and rate checks.
11952	Sets a metric with the given name, value, and rate.
11953	Sends data to storage.
11954	Creates a new `BatchClient` instance with the specified size.
11955	Creates a client instance with specified host, port, and prefix, configures it, and returns it.
11956	Flushes batches over a socket.
11957	Creates a permission checker for a given record.
11958	Creates a TCP batch client with a specified size.
11959	Flushes all batches by sending them over the socket.
11960	Creates a TCP client instance with specified host, port, and prefix, configures it, and returns it.
11961	This method creates a new user with specified attributes and permissions, sets a password if provided, and saves the user to the database.
11962	Converts Python objects to OpenMath objects.
11963	Converts a term to OpenMath using a converter or helper if available.
11964	Converts an object to Python based on its class.
11965	Converts an object to OpenMath format.
11966	Registers a class and its converter to the OpenMath converter list.
11967	Registers a converter for a given class or symbol in the Python environment.
11968	Initializes the application with Redis URLs and sets up a before request handler.
11969	Iterates over choices, yielding keys from nested lists or tuples.
11970	This function takes a dictionary of keyword arguments and organizes them into two dictionaries: one for fields and one for subfields.
11971	Registers a function with a given field type.
11972	This method creates a value based on the provided arguments and type, raising an error if the type is not found in the registry.
11973	This function takes a form class and keyword arguments, populates a dictionary with form data, and returns it along with any files.
11974	Decorator that adds a random chance to return `None` if a field is not required.
11975	Generates a random choice from the choices attribute of a widget if available, otherwise applies the original function.
11976	This function generates a string representation of a decimal field with specified minimum and maximum values, considering the field's maximum digits and decimal places.
11977	Generates a random email address based on field attributes.
11978	Generates a random date within specified range and formats it according to the input formats.
11979	Generates a random datetime within specified range and formats it according to the input formats.
11980	This function takes a field and optional keyword arguments for minimum and maximum values and precision, then returns a string representation of a float field with the specified constraints.
11981	This function returns a string representation of an integer field with specified minimum and maximum values, optionally overriding them from keyword arguments.
11982	Generates a random time string based on the input format.
11983	Generates a random choice from a field's choices if available, otherwise returns 'None'.
11984	Generates a random selection of choices from a given field's choices.
11985	Selects a random item from the first 10 items in a queryset if available, otherwise raises an error.
11986	Encodes an object into XML using `etree.tostring` with optional namespace prefix.
11987	Uploads package to PyPI.
11988	This function tags the current version of the code and pushes it to the remote repository if the tag creation was successful.
11989	This decorator checks if a field is blank and returns None with a 10% chance.
11990	Loads a Python global variable from a module.
11991	This method restores an instance from a pickled state, handling both standard and restricted execution scenarios.
11992	Convert Python list to OpenMath application
11993	Returns an OMApplication object with a tuple symbol and arguments.
11994	Decodes a byte array by interpreting each byte as a header indicating the number of subsequent bytes to include in the result.
11995	Encodes data using run-length encoding.
11996	Convert a floating-point number to a fixed-point string with specified precision.
11997	Formats a number recursively, handling lists, options, precision, and formatting.
11998	Convert a number to a formatted string with currency symbol.
11999	Convert binary data to NumPy array.
12000	Compresses an array using Blosc compression.
12001	Adds a new workspace to the configuration with the specified path and repositories.
12002	Removes a workspace from the configuration if it exists.
12003	Convert config['workspaces'] to a dictionary with keys as workspace names and values as dictionaries containing 'name' and other values from the original dictionary.
12004	Retrieves a value from a list based on the provided name, returning `None` if the name is not found.
12005	Checks if a repository exists in a workspace.
12006	This method synchronizes repositories in a workspace by reading paths and repository names from a configuration file, creating Repository objects, and logging the names of the synchronized repositories.
12007	Clones a repository based on its URL and path, using the appropriate adapter.
12008	Checks for a newer version of the `ndio` package and prints a message if an update is available.
12009	Convert an array to voxel coordinates.
12010	Convert 3D voxel data to a binary image.
12011	Executes workspace or all based on input arguments.
12012	Logs the update status of a repository with a green color.
12013	Sets up a console handler for logging with a specified format and level based on the debug flag.
12014	Executes a command with optional path and logs output and errors.
12015	Loads a PNG image from a given filename and returns it as a NumPy array.
12016	Saves a numpy array as a PNG file.
12017	This function saves a collection of numpy arrays to PNG files, padding the filenames with zeros to ensure they are consistent.
12018	Prints workspace status for given name.
12019	Prints the status of a repository with a colored message.
12020	Returns the block size for a given token and resolution.
12021	Uploads a Blosc-compressed data array to a remote server using the provided token, channel, resolution, and coordinates.
12022	Loads a TIFF image from a given filename, expanding it to an absolute path and handling exceptions.
12023	Saves a NumPy array to a TIFF file.
12024	Loads a multi-page TIFF file into a 3D tensor.
12025	Writes a YAML representation of the object's state to a file.
12026	Clones a branch from a repository.
12027	Returns the version of the 'yoda' package.
12028	This function takes a name and optional greeting and yell parameters, prints a greeting message with the name, and optionally capitalizes the message.
12029	Decorates a function to handle command line options.
12030	Reserves IDs for a given token, channel, and quantity.
12031	Merges specified IDs using a given URL and token, optionally deleting the second ID.
12032	Propagates a token to a channel by making a remote request.
12033	Fetches projects from a dataset using a specified URL.
12034	Fetches a dataset from a remote URL based on the provided name.
12035	Fetches datasets from a specified URL based on the `get_global_public` flag.
12036	The `parse` method sets up a parser for a command-line interface, adding subparsers for "show" and "all" options.
12037	Executes workspace based on provided arguments.
12038	Summarize the code method to show workspace details and repositories.
12039	Prints all workspaces.
12040	Constructs a URL by prepending the protocol and hostname to the endpoint.
12041	This function determines the format of a file based on its extension. It checks if the extension is in the predefined list of file formats, returning the format if it exists exactly once, or False if it exists more than once or does not exist at all.
12042	Opens an image file based on its format.
12043	Converts files from one format to another using Python libraries.
12044	Builds a graph with specified parameters in a background thread if `use_threads` is True.
12045	This method computes invariants for a graph file using the specified email, input format, and invariants. It handles threading and callback functions, and checks for valid inputs.
12046	Converts a graph file to specified output formats using a background thread if enabled.
12047	Convert a list of objects to a dictionary with specific keys and values.
12048	Convert type to string or unicode based on Python version.
12049	Deletes a channel from a project and dataset.
12050	The method `add_dataset` initializes a dataset with various parameters such as name, image size, voxel resolution, offset, time range, scaling levels, and scaling.
12051	Convert input data into a JSON dictionary.
12052	Creates a dictionary with dataset details.
12053	Creates a dictionary with specified channel details.
12054	Creates a dictionary with project details including project name, token name, and public status.
12055	Identifies image dimensions from a specified path and returns them in reverse order.
12056	This method sends a POST request to a specified URL with JSON data and handles potential errors.
12057	This function `find_path` takes a workspace name, a configuration dictionary, and an optional boolean flag `wsonly`. It returns a dictionary mapping paths to repositories based on the workspace and repository names provided.
12058	Extracts public tokens from a remote URL.
12059	Fetch project information using a token.
12060	Upload metadata using a POST request to a specified URL with JSON data and handle errors.
12061	This method attempts to fetch a URL using the `requests` library, handling authentication and error checking. If the request fails with a 403 status code, it raises a `ValueError` indicating access denied. If the request fails with a connection error, it checks the error message and raises a `ValueError` if it matches the 403 Forbidden error.
12062	This method sends a POST request to a specified URL with optional headers, JSON data, or form data, using the provided token for authentication.
12063	Deletes a URL with an optional token.
12064	Loads an HDF5 file and returns its data as a NumPy array.
12065	Saves an array to an HDF5 file.
12066	This function infers gaps in a tree using the Fitch algorithm.
12067	Convert `io` to a list, apply a lambda function to each element, and return the result.
12068	Install jinja translations using a custom translation class.
12069	This method is a generator that performs exclusive access to a state, logs the operation, and returns the result.
12070	Calculates percentage based on two values.
12071	This function retrieves cache statistics from a Memcached server and returns them as a dictionary.
12072	This function retrieves cache slabs for a given server name from a client, updating a dictionary with the server name and its corresponding slab information.
12073	Combines context data from a request with existing data.
12074	This function generates a server status page by rendering a template with cache statistics and a flag indicating whether the client can get slabs.
12075	This function generates a dashboard for memcached statistics based on the provided request.
12076	This method generates a response for memcache statistics based on the provided request and server name.
12077	This function generates a response for memcache slab management in an admin interface, rendering a template with cache slab data.
12078	Converts bytes to human-readable format.
12079	This method finds a configuration object in a given dictionary of children, handling different types of configurations and directories.
12080	Adds child nodes to the current node based on their type.
12081	Applies a configuration to a file path using a provided applicator.
12082	Returns the full path of the file or directory.
12083	Reads a file and returns its content.
12084	Writes data to a file.
12085	Configures a file handler for logging with specified format and loggers.
12086	Creates a file if it does not exist, otherwise raises an exception.
12087	Applies a configuration to the path and recursively to all children.
12088	Constructs a path by joining parent, base, and path components.
12089	Removes directory or file, handling exceptions and recursion.
12090	The method `prepare` initializes the environment and recursively prepares all child objects.
12091	Removes all children and calls cleanup on each child if cleanup is defined.
12092	Joins a path with the current path.
12093	Creates a list of `File` objects from the directory specified by `self.path`.
12094	Writes data to a file.
12095	Read file content from a specified path.
12096	This method adds children to the current object based on the provided arguments and keyword arguments. It handles both File objects and strings, creating new File objects for strings and adding them as children. If a single File or filename is passed, it returns the corresponding File object.
12097	Saves the dictionary `self.d` to a YAML file at `self.path`.
12098	Loads YAML data from a file, replacing tabs with spaces for indentation.
12099	Removes the file at the specified path if it exists.
12100	Loads plugins from a directory.
12101	Updates nested dictionaries recursively.
12102	Creates a new ConfigNode with the specified path.
12103	This method resolves a path in a data structure, creating nodes as needed.
12104	Retrieves value from a path or data if available, otherwise returns None.
12105	Updates the object with options and data, merging data from a ConfigNode if present.
12106	Loads configuration data from a file, updates with defaults, and applies environment variables.
12107	This method splits a string by a pattern that matches either a `{config:` or a `}`, then processes each token, replacing `{config:` with the corresponding value from a configuration dictionary, and appending other tokens to a new list. If a `{config:` block is empty, it raises a KeyError. The method returns the modified string.
12108	Constructs a callback URL for Twilio based on the provided parameters.
12109	Handles socket input, logs errors, closes connections, and processes time.
12110	Handles socket output, logs errors, closes connections, and processes time.
12111	Sends an RPC call request.
12112	Reads data from a socket, handles timeouts, and processes input.
12113	This function writes data to a socket, handling timeouts, errors, and closing the socket when done.
12114	A decorator that prevents a function from being called recursively.
12115	This function returns a dictionary containing the remote settle modes of a Proton link.
12116	Configures the link with the given properties, handling dynamic target and source addresses.
12117	Determines the source address based on whether the link is a sender or not.
12118	Determine target address based on link type.
12119	If link not closed, simulate close received, update state, or mark failure.
12120	`new_sender` sends a message to a specified name using a session and returns the result of the request.
12121	Creates a new `SenderLink` instance and adds it to the `_links` set.
12122	`new_receiver` method initializes a receiver link and requests it using `_pn_session`.
12123	Creates a new `ReceiverLink` instance and adds it to the `_links` set.
12124	Removes a link from the session and closes the session if no more links are left.
12125	Closes the session by logging and modifying links.
12126	Processes an endpoint event, updating state and handling errors.
12127	Adds a mark tag pattern to the Markdown parser.
12128	`receiver_remote_closed` logs the condition and closes the link, setting `done` to `True`.
12129	Logs a warning with the error message and closes the link, then sets the done flag to True.
12130	Extracts host and port from an AMQP server address.
12131	Connects to a socket to a specified host and port, handling non-blocking mode if specified.
12132	This function sets up a non-blocking server socket on the specified host and port.
12133	This method processes connections based on their needs, deadlines, and outputs, returning lists of readers, writers, and timers.
12134	A decorator that prevents a function from being called recursively within the same instance.
12135	Processes a connection, handling SASL authentication, timers, and events from Proton.
12136	This method checks if there is output available and returns it if available, otherwise returns None.
12137	Creates a sender object with the given parameters.
12138	Rejects a sender link with an optional condition.
12139	Creates a receiver with the given parameters.
12140	Logs an error message if the connection failed and sets the error message.
12141	Logs connection status and handles connection activation.
12142	Logs a debug message and handles the remote condition of a connection.
12143	The method `_ep_error` in the class `Connection` calls the superclass method `_ep_error` and then logs a connection failure message.
12144	This code snippet is a Twilio view decorator that validates incoming HTTP requests for forgery, ensuring that the request method is POST and that the request signature is valid. If the request is invalid, it returns a 403 Forbidden response. If the request is valid, it runs the wrapped view and returns the response.
12145	Convert color based on type and name.
12146	This method iterates through directories and files in a specified path, identifies TrueType Font (TTF) files, and organizes them into a dictionary based on their names.
12147	Sets the compression mode based on the provided value.
12148	Adds a PDF object to the buffer with a specified offset or at a given index.
12149	Appends the content of `stream` to the buffer, adding a newline character.
12150	Writes the given stream to the output.
12151	Adds a new page to the document and inserts text on it.
12152	Sets the color scheme for drawing, filling, and text.
12153	Sets default font for the PDF session.
12154	Adds a new page to the document with optional parameters.
12155	Sets the font size of the text.
12156	This method adds text to a PDF page with optional cursor and justification settings.
12157	Adds a newline to the page with the specified number of spaces.
12158	Adds a pie chart to the PDF with specified data, cursor, width, height, title, data type, fill colors, labels, background, and legend.
12159	This method generates PDF pages by adding objects to a session, including page metadata and content.
12160	This method collects the indices of pages with orientation changes from a list of pages.
12161	This method saves object numbers, outputs encoding differences, and processes font files, then iterates over fonts, setting their numbers and outputting them.
12162	This method iterates over a list of images, adds each image to a session, sets its number, and outputs it.
12163	This method outputs an image object to a PDF document, setting various properties such as width, height, color space, filter, decode parameters, transparency, and soft mask.
12164	Transforms the current matrix and outputs the result.
12165	Calculates the absolute position of a point in a matrix.
12166	Sets the style of the text.
12167	Rotates a point around the center of the rectangle by the given angle.
12168	Sets attributes of the object based on provided information.
12169	This method sets the display mode of an object based on user input, validating the input against predefined options.
12170	Closes the document by setting page numbers, headers, pages, resources, information, catalog, cross-reference, and trailer objects, and outputs the result to the specified destination.
12171	Writes PDF header with version and compression settings.
12172	This method generates a PDF object representing a page, including its orientation changes, pages, and overall size.
12173	This method adds a dictionary to the session, specifying PDF, text, image, and font resources, and includes image resources if present.
12174	This method adds metadata to a PDF document using the PDFLite library, including title, subject, author, keywords, creator, and creation date.
12175	This method generates a PDF catalog object with specified properties such as zoom mode and layout mode.
12176	This method generates a PDF trailer with metadata and object counts.
12177	Floyd's Tortoise and Hare algorithm to detect cycles in a sequence.
12178	This function generates a sequence by iterating over the first element of a list, applying a key function to each element, and raising a CycleDetected exception if a cycle is detected.
12179	This code defines a function `gosper` that takes a sequence of values and generates a new sequence based on a Gosper curve pattern.
12180	This code implements the Brent's cycle detection algorithm to find the length of a cycle in a sequence.
12181	Checks if the sum of `self.x` and `test_length` is less than or equal to `self.xmax`.
12182	Checks if the sum of `self.y` and `test_length` is greater than or equal to `self.ymax`.
12183	Checks if the x-coordinate of the current object is greater than the x-coordinate of the provided test_ordinate.
12184	Checks if the y-coordinate of the current object is greater than the y-coordinate of the provided test_ordinate.
12185	Creates a new cursor with the same position and bounds as the current one.
12186	Updates `x` by adding `dx` if provided, otherwise increments by `self.dx`.
12187	Updates `y` by adding `dy` if provided, otherwise increments by `self.dy`.
12188	Draws the text and borders of the table.
12189	Creates a tag with a name, description, and color.
12190	Returns a list of tags from the API.
12191	Returns a list of labels where the name matches the given name.
12192	Updates a tag with the provided data.
12193	Deletes a tag by its ID.
12194	Creates a tag using the specified label ID.
12195	Returns a list of tags from the response.
12196	Filters tags based on a label snippet.
12197	Creates a hook with specified details.
12198	Returns a list of hooks.
12199	Updates a hook with the provided data.
12200	Creates an alert with specified frequency and schedule.
12201	Filters alerts based on type and arguments.
12202	Updates an alert with the provided data.
12203	Configures extensions and mappings for Sphinx documentation.
12204	`themes_path` returns the path to the themes directory within the package.
12205	This method sends a POST request to a Logentries API endpoint with specified headers and data, handling server exceptions and returning the JSON response.
12206	Convert a JSON response to a dictionary.
12207	This method sends a GET request to a specified URL, checks if the response is successful, and returns the JSON content of the response. If the request fails, it raises a ServerException with the status code and error message.
12208	This code method finds attackers on a chessboard by iterating through possible positions and checking if they are occupied by the opponent's pieces. It uses bitwise operations to efficiently determine the attackers and appends them to a list.
12209	Calculates the orbital period of an object given its eccentricity, semi-major axis, and other parameters.
12210	This method updates the object's attributes based on the provided keyword arguments, ensuring that only valid and special keywords are used.
12211	Compute transit, limb darkening, settings, arrays, raise error if error occurs
12212	Handles binning of data with error checking.
12213	Free method releases memory allocated by `_calloc` and `_balloc` and `_ialloc` methods.
12214	Read data from socket and write to buffer if not empty
12215	Generates lines from a buffer until the buffer is empty.
12216	Generates a buffer from the input stream, yielding chunks of data until the stream is exhausted.
12217	This method parses a line from a stream, extracts a code and message, and raises appropriate exceptions based on the code range.
12218	Generates information based on the message and compression setting.
12219	Generates a string from the info_gen method with optional compression.
12220	This method sends a command to an NNTP server, handles authentication, and returns the server's response.
12221	Extracts capabilities from an NNTP server using the `CAPABILITIES` command.
12222	Checks if the mode reader command returns a successful response.
12223	Closes the socket if the QUIT command returns a non-205 status code.
12224	Convert a date string from a NNTP message to a datetime object.
12225	Handles command HELP, raises NNTPReplyError if code != 100, returns info.
12226	Generates new groups from a timestamp, handling timezone conversion and parsing newsgroup information.
12227	Generates new news entries with timestamp formatted as YYYYMMDD HHMMSS Z.
12228	Generates a list of news items based on a pattern and timestamp.
12229	Iterates through active newsgroups using NNTP commands.
12230	Generates active times from NNTP server.
12231	Generates a generator that yields newsgroup names and descriptions from an NNTP server.
12232	Generates a generator that yields tuples of names and suffixes from the LIST OVERVIEW.FMT response, raising exceptions for invalid responses.
12233	Generates a generator that yields stripped lines from the output of the `LIST EXTENSIONS` command.
12234	This method generates a list based on the provided keyword.
12235	Returns a list of elements from the list generator based on the keyword and argument.
12236	This method takes a name, sends a GROUP command, and returns the total, first, last, and group from the response.
12237	This method attempts to parse a message from an NNTP server, extracting the article number and identifier. If the message is not in the expected format, it raises an error.
12238	This method parses an article from an NNTP server, extracting the article number, headers, and body, handling encoding and decoding as specified.
12239	Extracts headers from an NNTP server response.
12240	This method processes the body of an article from an NNTP server, decoding it if specified, and returns the decoded body as a string.
12241	This method sets the title of an XG (eXtended Group) group in a NNTP server.
12242	Summarizes the `xhdr` method in a single line.
12243	This method sends an XZHDR command to an NNTP server, optionally specifying a message ID range, and returns the server's response.
12244	Generates lines from NNTP server's info after an XOVER command.
12245	Generates an XPAT query and yields lines from the response.
12246	Generates a list of elements based on a pattern within a specified range.
12247	Compresses XFEATURE data using gzip and raises an error if the command fails.
12248	Sends a POST request to an NNTP server, handling headers, body, and status checks.
12249	Calculates the offset based on the input value.
12250	Convert a string to a timestamp based on the provided format.
12251	Convert a string to a datetime object based on the provided format or default format.
12252	This method sends a POST request to a specified URL using the provided session and headers, and returns the JSON response if the request is successful. If the request fails, it raises a ServerException with an error message.
12253	Deletes a resource from the API using the provided URL and headers, raising a ServerException if the response status code is not OK.
12254	This method sends a GET request to a specified URL using the provided session and headers, and returns the JSON response if the request is successful. If the request fails, it raises a ServerException with an error message.
12255	Fetch scheduled queries from Logentries using the provided account ID.
12256	Fetches tags from Logentries API.
12257	Returns a list of tags based on the provided name or ID.
12258	This method creates an alert notification data structure with specified details and triggers, then sends it to an API endpoint.
12259	Deletes a tag from the Logentries API.
12260	Creates a scheduled query for Logentries.
12261	This method creates a tag in Logentries with specified details, including alert reports, logs, and trigger configuration.
12262	Deletes a tag and its scheduled query from the Logentries API.
12263	Converts an integer or tuple to a string representation.
12264	Parses a newsgroup line into its components.
12265	Extracts a header name and value from a line.
12266	Convert dictionary of headers to a string.
12267	Handles HTTP POST requests by sending a response, reading the request body, and printing client details.
12268	Runs tests with optional reporter and stop after limit.
12269	Generates a formatted documentation string for a dictionary of default values.
12270	Appends default keyword arguments to a function.
12271	`defaults_docstring` with optional parameters `header`, `indent`, and `footer`.
12272	Sets the value of the object, checking bounds and type.
12273	Checks if the value matches the specified data type.
12274	This method retrieves a value from a loader, sets it, and returns it.
12275	Checks if the value is a scalar and raises a TypeError if it is not.
12276	Calculates the symmetric error of a dataset.
12277	Sets the errors attribute of the object to a list of scalar values from the input list.
12278	Sets the bounds, free, errors, and value based on provided keyword arguments.
12279	Imports metrics, processes them, and updates them based on a condition.
12280	Extracts metrics from a list and returns a dictionary with metric names as keys and their values.
12281	Filters metrics based on a given expression.
12282	This method connects to a meter, sends a JSON message, receives data, and appends it to a list.
12283	The method `expression_terminal` attempts to parse a given text using a series of alternations, each representing a different type of expression.
12284	The method `operator` takes a string `text` as input, attempts to process it, and returns the result of applying an alternation operation on the text.
12285	Adds a '+' token to the terminal representation of the input text.
12286	Initializes missing properties based on their requirements and loaders.
12287	Extracts parameters from a dictionary based on specified names.
12288	Convert parameter values to an array.
12289	Convert parameters to an array of errors.
12290	Clears derived parameters.
12291	Sets the method attribute to the given value if it exists, otherwise raises an AttributeError.
12292	Sets environment variables from environment variables or defaults to 'api.truesight.bmc.com' if not found.
12293	Constructs a URL query string from a dictionary of parameters.
12294	Executes a GET request with specified parameters.
12295	Deletes data from a specified URL using the provided headers and authentication credentials.
12296	Sends a POST request to the specified URL with data, headers, and authentication credentials.
12297	Sends a PUT request to the specified URL with data, headers, and authentication credentials.
12298	This method initializes an API call, logs headers and data if available, logs URL parameters if any, executes the specified method, logs errors if the response is not good, and stores the result.
12299	Validates sceneInfo prefix against __satellitesMap.
12300	This function verifies the type of satellite and returns a dictionary with the corresponding ID and stations.
12301	Retrieves the size of a remote file using `urllib.request.urlopen` and handles potential HTTP errors.
12302	This method downloads a scene from Earth Explorer, extracts its files, and returns a list of image paths and their sizes.
12303	Validates a list of bands against a predefined set of valid bands.
12304	Connects to Earthexplorer using provided credentials.
12305	`prefixed_by` is a function that adds a prefix to the name of another function.
12306	This function converts a timezone string to a timezone object, handling exceptions and caching.
12307	Normalizes a naive datetime object to the specified timezone.
12308	Joins elements of an iterable with a specified delimiter, escaping the delimiter if necessary.
12309	Returns a list of newline positions in the input text.
12310	This function formats a given source code line with surrounding lines and a pointer character.
12311	Prints formatted text from relay output.
12312	Removes metrics, control, and plugins from relays if present.
12313	This method initializes a new instance of a class from a list of fortune files, handling optional parameters for offensive content and language, and returns the initialized object.
12314	This method sets the chance of each fortune based on the given files and parameters.
12315	The method `main` takes a context and keyword arguments, runs a function `run` with these arguments, and exits the context with a success status if `run` was successful.
12316	The method `rule` takes a string `text`, attempts to parse it, and returns a token of type `rule`.
12317	Special handling method processes text, concatenates identifiers, and returns a token type.
12318	This method initializes a grammar object by parsing the input source, trimming, flattening, and returning the final grammar.
12319	This method initializes a list of rules based on the grammar's children, where each rule is defined by a name, an expression, and its position.
12320	Returns a list of comments from the grammar's children if they are of type TokenType.comment.
12321	This method initializes a list of directives based on comments in a document.
12322	Sets `_output_source` to the result of `_compile()` if it is `None`, then returns `_output_source`.
12323	Compiles a parser using PyEBNF, generating a Python class with token types and parsing rules.
12324	Returns a string of import statements from directives if any, otherwise an empty string.
12325	Generates a string representing an enumeration of token types for parse nodes.
12326	Generates a class definition for a parser based on the provided parameters.
12327	Returns the entry point value from the directive or the first rule's name if not found.
12328	This method generates a Python function definition for a rule based on its source code and other attributes.
12329	Extracts a rule source from the input source with specified indentation.
12330	Transform rule based on specified transform type and arguments.
12331	Convert expression to ASN representation.
12332	Convert parse tree nodes to ASN representations.
12333	This method takes a list of operands and a predicate function, then returns a new list of operands that satisfy the predicate.
12334	This method recursively traverses an expression tree, removing grouping groups and replacing them with their expressions.
12335	Converts an AST node to code.
12336	Convert an AST node to code based on its operator.
12337	Convert terminal value to code string.
12338	Convert an AST option group to code.
12339	Convert a repetition group to code.
12340	Convert special handling to code.
12341	Convert a list of operands to code lines for an alternation operation.
12342	Convert a list of operands to code lines with optional whitespace concatenation.
12343	Convert AST operands to code lines.
12344	Convert an AST operation to code.
12345	Convert an AST operation to code with optional whitespace handling.
12346	Finds directives based on a predicate.
12347	Checks if a child node is of the same type as its parent.
12348	Iterates over comment lines starting with '!', parses each directive, and yields parsed directives.
12349	Process HTTP responses other than 200.
12350	Generates a new ID if `id` is `None`, otherwise returns the provided `id`.
12351	Removes a hotkey from a control.
12352	Adds command-line arguments for API host, email, API token, and curl output.
12353	Configures logging based on the provided log level.
12354	Validates email and API token for account.
12355	Convert infix expression to postfix using a stack.
12356	Convert postfix expression to an optimized tree.
12357	Reduces a list of nodes by removing the first operator node and its operands.
12358	Adds command-line arguments for metric configuration.
12359	Loads a plugin manifest from a file and sets it as the current manifest.
12360	This method retrieves a metric definition by name from a list of metric definitions.
12361	Calculates the maximum lengths of field titles and descriptions.
12362	Calculates the maximum lengths of display and description names in a list of metrics.
12363	Replaces underscores in metric names.
12364	Prints markdown formatted field headers and data.
12365	Summarizes metrics markdown output.
12366	Generates markdown documentation for the application.
12367	Parses input text, raises ParserError if parsing fails.
12368	Updates the most consumed length of the text.
12369	Adds command-specific arguments to the parser.
12370	Convert string to datetime object.
12371	This method takes a JSON string, parses it, and outputs a CSV formatted string containing timestamp, metric, aggregate, source, and value for each aggregate in the JSON payload.
12372	Convert JSON string to dictionary, iterate over aggregates, format timestamps, create data points, and serialize back to JSON.
12373	Print JSON formatted text with colorization.
12374	Convert JSON result to XML payload, parse timestamps, sources, and values, and pretty-print the XML output.
12375	Checks if a node is a terminal or empty.
12376	Prints a tree structure of a given node, including its type, position, consumed length, and value, with optional indentation and file output.
12377	Creates a partial function for repetition with specified extractor, bounds, and optional ignore_whitespace flag.
12378	Returns a ParseNode if the text starts with the given value, otherwise raises DeadEnd.
12379	This function processes a text using a given extractor, extracting and grouping repetitions based on specified bounds and ignoring whitespace.
12380	This function attempts to call an extractor with a given text and exclusion, raising a `DeadEnd` exception if the extraction fails. If the extraction is successful, it returns the result of the extraction.
12381	Find the index of the first non-whitespace character in a string.
12382	Extracts text using the provided extractor function.
12383	Returns the position of the node if it exists, otherwise returns the position of the first child if it exists, otherwise returns None.
12384	Checks if all child nodes are empty.
12385	Adds ignored data to the consumed count.
12386	Checks if the node type matches the given value.
12387	Flattens a parse tree according to a predicate.
12388	This method trims children of a parse node based on a predicate function.
12389	Merges two parse nodes, preserving children and consuming and ignored text.
12390	Transforms a node into a new type with updated children, consumed status, position, and ignored status.
12391	This method compresses the children of a node, optionally including ignored values, and returns a new parse node with the compressed values.
12392	Returns the current position in the code.
12393	Returns the maximum readed position.
12394	Updates index, column offset, and max values based on current position.
12395	Appends the current position to the end of the `_eol` list, increments the line number, and resets the column offset to zero.
12396	Removes the last element from `_eol` if it exists and updates `position` to the index of the last element.
12397	Extracts the last line from a text content based on the cursor's position.
12398	Increment cursor position by specified length.
12399	Appends the cursor's position to the context list.
12400	Restores the cursor position from the context stack.
12401	Converts the object to a formatted string, including type source, target, and function details.
12402	Updates the internal name dictionary with the internal names of the objects in the `_hsig` dictionary.
12403	Counts the number of variables in a dictionary.
12404	Counts the number of functions in a dictionary.
12405	Updates the count of types, variables, and functions.
12406	Updates a scope with values from a signal, setting parent and state, and updating the hash signature.
12407	Combines the current scope's state with the given scope's state.
12408	Removes elements from the current scope that are not present in the provided set.
12409	Combines the current scope's state with a new scope's state.
12410	Removes keys from `_hsig` that are present in `oset`.
12411	Subtracts a given scope from the current scope and returns the result.
12412	Updates the current scope with the symmetric difference of itself and another scope.
12413	Creates a new scope with the symmetric difference of the current scope's hash signature and the given scope's hash signature.
12414	Adds a signature to the current namespace, handling name conflicts and updating the count.
12415	Removes a signature from the set if it exists and is not linked.
12416	Discards a signature from the hash signature table.
12417	Returns a list of values from the current state's hash signature, including values from the parent state if applicable.
12418	Returns the first key-value pair from the sorted hash table.
12419	Returns the last key in the sorted hash signature dictionary.
12420	Retrieves a value from a dictionary, returning a default if the key is not found.
12421	This method retrieves a scope by its symbol name, creating an `EvalCtx` if necessary, and includes parent scopes.
12422	This method retrieves the signature of a symbol by its name, handling cases where the symbol has multiple candidates in the scope.
12423	This method returns a scope with polymorphic types encapsulated in EvalCtx objects.
12424	The method `callInjector` checks if an `astTranslatorInjector` is defined. If not, it checks if the current node has a parent and calls the parent's `callInjector` method. If no parent is found, it raises a `TypeError`. Otherwise, it calls the `astTranslatorInjector` method with the old and translator nodes.
12425	Normalizes an AST node by recursively normalizing its children and attributes.
12426	Sets the class of the current object to that of another node and cleans the current object if it is not empty. It then iterates over the items of the other node and assigns them to the current object. It also iterates over the attributes of the other node and sets them as attributes of the current object.
12427	Iterates through a linked list, yielding each node's data.
12428	Filters hits based on charge.
12429	Transforms method signature into internal representation.
12430	Collects type information for resolution, including return type, parameters, translation target, and variadic types, and stores them in a dictionary. If a type is unresolved, it is stored as `None`.
12431	This method takes a TypeName object and returns a list of resolved names by looking up each component in a resolution dictionary. If a component is not found, it raises an exception. If a component is found, it checks if it is None and if so, returns the component name. Otherwise, it calls the show_name() method on the component and returns the result.
12432	Sets the resolved name for a given type.
12433	Deletes a file if it exists.
12434	Deletes a file from an S3 bucket.
12435	Deletes file from local or S3 storage based on provided parameters.
12436	Saves a file to a local path, creating directories if necessary, and sets the file size attribute of an object.
12437	Saves a file to an S3 bucket.
12438	Saves an object to a specified storage type and field, handling local and S3 storage.
12439	This method retrieves a list of objects from an S3 bucket based on a specified path.
12440	Builds an enum from sequential and named parameters.
12441	This code defines a decorator `checktypes` that checks the types of function arguments and the return type.
12442	Sets a value in a chainmap using a dot-separated key.
12443	Adds a method to a class.
12444	Adds a method to a class with optional hook and rule handling.
12445	This function adds a rule to a class, ensuring it's unique and not already defined as a hook or rule.
12446	This function wraps a function to set a namespace name based on the function's name or a provided name.
12447	Decorates a function with a name from a global list of decorators.
12448	Checks if a mapping exists for a destination node and updates it with a source node if found.
12449	Reads end-of-line character from stream.
12450	Updates rule nodes, tag cache, and ID cache.
12451	Updates rule nodes, tag cache, and id cache.
12452	This method retrieves a value from a cache based on a node's ID and tag.
12453	Appends a new `Stream` object to the `_streams` list with the provided `content` and `name`.
12454	Attaches a tag to the current rule nodes scope.
12455	Sets the end index of a tag in the tag cache.
12456	Sets rules for a class based on a dictionary.
12457	Sets hooks for a class with given names and points.
12458	Sets directives for a class.
12459	This method evaluates a rule based on its name, creating a new node if necessary, and returns the result of the rule evaluation.
12460	This method checks if a hook exists in the class, notifies if not, and raises an error if the hook does not return a boolean value.
12461	Checks if the given text is at the current position in the stream.
12462	Determines if the stream has reached the end of the file.
12463	Reads a character from the stream, saving and restoring context if necessary.
12464	Reads the stream until the end of file, saving and validating context.
12465	This method checks if the stream has any leading whitespace characters and returns a boolean indicating whether the stream is valid.
12466	Sets the hit data type and updates the cluster hits description.
12467	Sets the cluster dtype based on the provided dtype or default dtype.
12468	Checks if the cluster hits data is compatible with the specified hit fields.
12469	Adds a rule clause name to the parser tree.
12470	Adds a rule to the BNF dictionary.
12471	Adds a rule to the parser with a given name and alternatives.
12472	This method checks if a sequence has a parser tree, and if not, it appends a new parser tree to the sequence.
12473	Adds an alternative to an alternatives object.
12474	Adds a range to the parser tree.
12475	Handles repetition rules in a parser, logging errors and raising exceptions if repetition is not allowed.
12476	Adds a capture to the parser tree.
12477	Adds a binding to a sequence's parser tree.
12478	Adds a hook to the parser tree.
12479	Sets the pair attribute of the object to a tuple containing the integer values of the value at index `n` and the current value of the object.
12480	Sets `param.pair` to a tuple of the stripped value of `s` and the string representation of `self.value(s)`.
12481	Sets `pair` to a tuple of the stripped value of `c` and the string representation of `self.value(c)`.
12482	Sets `param.pair` to a tuple containing the value at index `i` and a new `parsing.Node`.
12483	Sets `hook.name` to `self.value(n)` and initializes `hook.listparam` to an empty list.
12484	Appends a pair to the list of parameters.
12485	This method attempts to parse a BNF DSL using a parser and returns the parsed result. If parsing fails, it raises a diagnostic error.
12486	This method checks for comments and whitespace in a stream, ignoring them and validating the context.
12487	Adds a state to the dictionary if its ID is not already present.
12488	Convert a state machine to a DOT graph representation.
12489	Convert graph to DOT format and write to file.
12490	Convert graph to PNG file using `dot` command.
12491	Convert state IDs to strings, format them, and include event details in a formatted string.
12492	This method updates the state of an object based on the new state provided.
12493	Resets the living state of objects in a list, removing those that have finished or are not alive.
12494	Infer each statement in the body of the block.
12495	Infer subexpression type.
12496	Checks if an identifier is declared and updates the type and scope nodes accordingly. If not declared, notifies an error.
12497	Infer literal value and add to scope.
12498	Prints node information, including map IDs, tags, and node-to-tag resolution, handling exceptions and flushing stdout.
12499	Convert parser rule to Python function.
12500	```python
def __exit_scope(self) -> ast.stmt:
    if self.in_optional:
        return ast.Pass()
    elif self.in_try:
        return ast.Raise(ast.Call(ast.Name('AltFalse', ast.Load()), [], [], None, None))
    elif self.in_loop:
        return ast.Break()
    return ast.Return(ast.Name('False', ast.Load()))
```
12501	Convert a parser tree to a list of statements.
12502	Convert a call expression to an AST call node.
12503	Convert `CallTrue` to a lambda function that returns `True` if the call is true.
12504	`visit_Hook` method returns an `ast.Call` node with specific arguments.
12505	Convert rule name to string and call evalRule method
12506	Transforms a capture node into a list of statements or expressions.
12507	The method `visit_Scope` returns an `ast.Name` object with the name 'scope_not_implemented' and the load attribute set to `ast.Load()`. It raises a `NotImplementedError` if called.
12508	Transforms an `Alt` node into a `Try` statement with exception handlers for `AltTrue` and `AltFalse`.
12509	This method processes a sequence of clauses, converting them into a list of statements or expressions based on their type.
12510	Transforms a RepOptional node into a BoolOp with an Or operation and a True expression.
12511	This method visits a Rep0N node, creating a While loop with a condition that always evaluates to True and a body consisting of a single Pass statement.
12512	This method visits a Rep0N node, recursively visiting its children, and constructs a list of statements based on the parsed expression.
12513	Concatenates `src` to `dst` with indentation based on `indent`.
12514	Recursively sets the indentation of elements in a list, handling both individual elements and nested lists.
12515	Converts a list of objects to a string, handling nested lists and strings.
12516	This method echoes the values of nodes in a list, converting non-node types to strings.
12517	This function recursively populates a state register with edges based on a sequence of states or match expressions.
12518	Populates a state register with a sequence of states, merging them into a tree automata.
12519	Build state tree from statements and populate StateRegister.
12520	Compares two values, converting them to integers if necessary, and returns `True` if they are equal.
12521	Convert a string to a grammar object.
12522	This function reads a grammar file, constructs a scope dictionary, and builds a grammar object using the provided inheritance and scope. If the file is not found, it raises an exception.
12523	Parses a source string into a node using the specified entry rule.
12524	This method reads a file, parses its content, and returns a parsed node based on a specified entry rule.
12525	Sets the value of a node or recursively sets the value of a node based on its ID.
12526	Sets the value of a node to the value of another node.
12527	Sets `dst.value` to the result of evaluating `ast` + `expr`.
12528	Converts datetime objects to UTC timestamps.
12529	This function takes a query, a start date, and an optional limit, and returns a tuple containing the total number of depositions and a generator of the depositions.
12530	Serializes a `deposition` object into a dictionary, including its state, creation and modification timestamps, user ID, and SIP status.
12531	Returns a generator of record IDs from Invenio 12 based on a given date.
12532	Returns a generator of record IDs from Invenio 2 based on a given date.
12533	Imports BibRecDocs and BibDoc from invenio.bibdocfile or invenio.legacy.bibdocfile.api if ImportError occurs.
12534	This function takes a record ID and a date, then iterates through all versions of a BibDoc, filtering out files that are icons or not modified since the specified date, and returns a list of dictionaries containing information about each file.
12535	Calculates the count of bibdocs and their IDs from the bibdoc table.
12536	Checks if a BibDoc object with the given ID can list all files. If not, it prints an error message in red.
12537	Convert an object to a dictionary with specified fields.
12538	This function counts and returns all UserEXT records from the database.
12539	Convert user object to dictionary with specified fields.
12540	Count and retrieve all FeaturedCommunity objects from the database.
12541	Returns a set of modified record IDs from Invenio 12 based on a given date.
12542	This function retrieves a set of record IDs from the Invenio database that have been modified after a specified date.
12543	This function retrieves and compiles role definitions and user IDs for a specific collection from the database.
12544	This function retrieves revision records for a specific record ID and date range from a database, returning the job date and MARCXML content.
12545	This function retrieves all collections and restricted collections for a given record ID using the Invenio search engine.
12546	Convert MARCXML to JSON using Invenio.
12547	This function takes a query, a start date, and optional keyword arguments, retrieves modified records, and returns the count of unique records that match the query.
12548	This function retrieves and dumps the latest revisions of a record along with its files and collections, optionally including JSON representation.
12549	Convert a `ResourceAllocation` object to a dictionary.
12550	Loads a model instance from data and adds it to the database.
12551	Collects entry points from a specified group and loads their corresponding modules.
12552	Initializes the application context by setting up a test request context and preprocessing the request.
12553	Decorator to memoize function results.
12554	```python
def _get_run_sql():
    try:
        from invenio.dbquery import run_sql
    except ImportError:
        from invenio.legacy.dbquery import run_sql
    return run_sql
```
12555	This function retrieves connected roles for a given action ID, compiling their fire role definitions and associating them with users and parameters.
12556	This function takes a query string and returns the number of actions and a list of dictionaries containing action details.
12557	Convert remote account details to a dictionary.
12558	Loads token data from a dictionary and calls `load_common` with the token object and data.
12559	Imports data, creates a record dump, and commits to the database.
12560	Configures an import or returns a default value.
12561	Convert object attributes to dictionary.
12562	This function retrieves user data from an Invenio database and returns the count of users along with a list of user objects.
12563	Count and retrieve all users from Invenio2 database.
12564	Convert user object to dictionary with specified fields.
12565	Loads a deposit record into the database.
12566	Creates a record and its PID, handling creation, updating, and persistence.
12567	This method loads a record based on the provided parameters, handling eager loading, task chaining, or asynchronous execution.
12568	This function loads records from multiple sources, finds a specific record by ID, and prints a message indicating whether the record was found or not.
12569	This function loads records from a list of sources, filters by record identifier, and prints the selected entity's details.
12570	This function loads data from a list of sources, applying a task to each item based on a predicate. It uses a progress bar to track the loading process.
12571	Loads communities from sources and logs them to a directory.
12572	Load users from sources using `load_user` function, ensuring no duplicate emails or usernames.
12573	Summarize the code method in one line.
12574	This function retrieves profiling statistics for functions using the `yappi` library, sorts them based on a specified criterion, and returns the top `count` statistics.
12575	Start a Tornado web server on the specified port.
12576	Dump profiling data to a file.
12577	Deletes profiling stats, enables profiling, sets status to 204, and finishes.
12578	Disables profiling, sets running flag to False, sets status to 204, and finishes the method.
12579	Sends a JSON response with the running status and sets the status code to 200.
12580	Disables the timestamp in a method.
12581	This function loads a user from data, checks for existing email and username, hashes the password, and creates a UserProfile for the user.
12582	This function calculates translations for a list of images in parallel using the `Parallel` class from the `joblib` library. It returns an array of translations.
12583	This function stitches a collection of images into a single image, averaging the seams between them.
12584	Adds a new dimension to the input array and concatenates it with a ones array along the new dimension.
12585	This method creates a record in the database, handling file creation and updates based on the input data.
12586	Reserves record identifier, creates record and recid PID in one operation, updates model timestamps, inserts record identifier, creates persistent identifier, commits session, and updates record revisions.
12587	Updates a record with given revisions, setting the created and updated timestamps.
12588	Creates persistent identifiers for a record in the database.
12589	Deletes a record and updates its status in the database.
12590	Creates files in a bucket, commits changes, and returns the bucket object.
12591	This method creates a list of `ObjectVersion` instances from a list of file versions, setting their properties such as URI, size, MD5 checksum, creation date, and appending them to a list. It then commits the changes to the database and returns the last created `ObjectVersion` instance.
12592	Deletes all buckets associated with a given record.
12593	This method returns a list of PIDs that do not exist in the system.
12594	Prepare revisions by appending prepared revisions to self.revisions.
12595	Prepare files, sort versions, update files dictionary.
12596	Appends fetched PIDs to `self.pids` from `pid_fetchers`.
12597	Checks if any collection in the record is marked as 'deleted'.
12598	This function loads a community from data, saves a logo, and adds it to the database.
12599	Adds a new FeaturedCommunity object to the database.
12600	This code defines a function `dump` that takes several parameters and performs a series of operations to dump data from a specified thing based on a query and date range. It uses a progress bar to track the progress of the dump process.
12601	This function checks if a given thing is available and queries it if it is.
12602	Deletes widget and its associated event handlers, handling memory leaks.
12603	Calculates the magnitude of a vector.
12604	Normalizes a vector by dividing each component by its magnitude.
12605	Transforms texture coordinates based on a given set of texture coordinates and dimensions.
12606	Ensures bones dictionary is initialized and adds a new bone entry if not present.
12607	Sets the length of a bone in a data structure.
12608	Sets the parent of the current bone and adds it to the child_bones list of the parent bone.
12609	Calculates the pivot point for a given data set.
12610	Sets animation data with keyframe, last tick, jump type, and phase.
12611	Sets the state of the object by translating it to the specified coordinates.
12612	Unsets the object's position by translating it by the negative of its current position.
12613	Sets the material and bone rotation for the region.
12614	Disables material target and unsets bone rotation.
12615	Ensure model data is available, creating it if necessary.
12616	Redraws model data based on model cache and regions.
12617	Draws the model data if it is not manually rendered.
12618	Sets the model and cleans up the previous model if it exists.
12619	Writes XML reports to a file.
12620	Convert a list of test reports to an XML string.
12621	Adds a menu to the application's menu system.
12622	Redraws the label with updated position and size.
12623	Redraws the label with updated position and dimensions.
12624	Draws the background and widgets in a 2D OpenGL environment.
12625	Deletes a widget from the collection and cleans up references.
12626	Redraws the label at the center of the widget with a 15% offset from the bottom.
12627	Registers event handlers for mouse motion and drag events.
12628	Registers event handlers for crouch and jump controls.
12629	Adds a label to the window with the specified label text.
12630	Adds an OK button to the window with a specified label and size, and attaches a click action to it.
12631	Changes the current submenu to the previous one.
12632	Adds a confirm button to the window with a specified label and size, and attaches a click action to it.
12633	Adds a cancel button to the window with a specified label and size, and attaches a click action to it.
12634	Updates the progress bar with the current value, minimum, maximum, and percentage.
12635	Renders 3D actors in the scene.
12636	Draws the 3D batch.
12637	This method manages the execution of steps within a case, ensuring that no step can be opened within another step. It uses a context manager to handle exceptions and manage the case lifecycle.
12638	Checks if a resource exists based on its name and extension.
12639	Adds a new category to the resource manager.
12640	This method checks if a missing texture is available, loads it if present, or creates a default pattern if not.
12641	Returns model object from cache if available, otherwise loads and returns the model.
12642	Loads a model and caches it in the model object cache.
12643	The method retrieves model data from a cache if available, otherwise loads it from a source.
12644	This method loads model data from a JSON file, handling exceptions and creating model objects based on the data.
12645	Adds a widget to the container's list of widgets.
12646	Draws the submenu if it is visible and not a container.
12647	Updates background vertices and initializes if not already initialized.
12648	Updates scrollbar size and position based on content height.
12649	Checks if a mouse position is within the bounds of a rectangle defined by position and size.
12650	Calculates the normalized value of `self.n` relative to the range `(self.nmin, self.nmax)`.
12651	Adds a new layer to the stack at a specified z-value or appends it if z is -1.
12652	This method retrieves a region of memory from a buffer, handling both non-interleaved and interleaved data based on the stride and size of the buffer.
12653	Draws vertices using OpenGL, handling different buffer attributes and modes.
12654	Adds an action to the actions dictionary with a function, arguments, and keyword arguments.
12655	Executes actions based on the given action name.
12656	Registers a new user with a given name and ID, optionally using a specified force ID.
12657	Inserts a layer into the layers list at the specified z-index or at the end if no z-index is provided.
12658	Draws each layer in the widget.
12659	Deletes all layers and resets internal state.
12660	Creates a `WatchingList` based on the border function of the widget.
12661	Creates a `WatchingList` based on the offset function of the widget.
12662	Calculates the size of a widget after subtracting border dimensions.
12663	Reads an HDF5 file and populates a mesh object with elements, nodes, sets, and fields.
12664	Generates a connectivity matrix for a 2D or 3D grid.
12665	Sets fields from a list or keyword arguments.
12666	Appends fields to the object's fields list.
12667	Checks if element types are valid.
12668	Returns a list of spaces for each element in the `elements` list.
12669	This method calculates centroids and volumes for elements in a dataset, grouping by type, argiope, and space, and then computes the centroids and volumes of the simplices within each group. The results are stored in a DataFrame and optionally sorted by index.
12670	This method processes a dataset to calculate and compare angles and their deviations against optimal values, returning a summary DataFrame.
12671	This method calculates edge lengths and statistics from a dataset, returning a new DataFrame with edge lengths and statistics.
12672	Summarizes centroid, angle, and edge statistics into a DataFrame.
12673	Convert element set to node set.
12674	This method creates a dummy node, extracts element surfaces, and assigns them to the elements dictionary.
12675	This method iterates over surfaces in an object, sums their areas, and creates new elements for each unique sum.
12676	Combines metadata from all fields into a single DataFrame sorted by step number, frame, label, and position.
12677	Returns a pandas Series containing metadata about the current step.
12678	Creates a directory if it does not exist.
12679	Runs post-processing using a specified solver.
12680	Runs Gmsh, reads mesh from Gmsh file.
12681	Reads a CSV file, adds a step column based on time intervals, and returns the modified DataFrame.
12682	This function reads a field report from a file, processes it, and returns a mesh class instance based on the parsed data.
12683	Convert a list to a string with specified width and indentation.
12684	Generates an equation string based on input parameters.
12685	Generates a string with a label and a list of unique values from a DataFrame.
12686	This method parses a response, handling JSON, content, and error codes, raising specific exceptions based on the response status.
12687	This method sends a POST request to a specified URL with a payload containing API key, secret, recipient, and files. It handles both single and multiple recipients and files, and returns the parsed response.
12688	Writes an XY report with specified data and options.
12689	This code writes a field report to a file, including metadata and data, from an OpenDatabase (ODB) object.
12690	This function lists available components based on the provided type or all types, printing their IDs.
12691	The method checks if the instance has a name attribute and returns an error message if it does not.
12692	Checks if the exception was thrown by a descriptor object.
12693	Sets data attributes and creates a zip of points from _x and _y.
12694	Determine axis mode based on TimeVariable instances in series.
12695	Updates axis options based on keys in `_options`.
12696	Creates a new class with a specified name, initializer, and attributes.
12697	The method `cycle` processes datafeeds, processes notifications, and draws notifications.
12698	Converts a value to a float if possible, raising a ValueError if not.
12699	Convert string to number, return integer if possible, otherwise return float.
12700	Generates a graph renderer with specified attributes.
12701	Converts raw data to Unicode, handling HTML and ignoring errors.
12702	This function takes raw HTML, cleans it, and returns a pretty, sanitized HTML string.
12703	Checks if the given MIME type is included in the list of allowed MIME types.
12704	This function cleans a URL by extracting the domain name, handling exceptions, and removing slashes.
12705	Convert domain name to list of left-cuts
12706	Convert unicode to utf-8, hash, and replace if equal to DOCUMENT_HASH_KEY
12707	Collects words from sentences based on specified criteria.
12708	This method processes a stream item, counts tokens, and updates a search index with these counts.
12709	Converts a hash key to its decoded string representation.
12710	Calculates document frequencies for given hashes.
12711	Iterates over scan keys and yields stream IDs based on hash values.
12712	Iterates over a hash table and yields stream IDs and values for a given hash.
12713	Transforms a file into stream items.
12714	This method generates a stream item from an entry, handling metadata and content extraction.
12715	Decompresses node data using zlib if encoding is 'zlib', otherwise decodes and encodes using utf8.
12716	Read a variable-length integer from a buffer.
12717	Read a class instance from a block of data.
12718	Convert a StreamItem key to a binary format.
12719	Converts a stream item to key data, serializes it, compresses and encrypts it, and returns the key and data.
12720	Changes the working directory to the specified path and yields the previous directory.
12721	Strips the given prefix from the string if it exists, otherwise raises an error if strict mode is enabled.
12722	Strips the specified suffix from the end of the string if it exists, otherwise raises an error if strict mode is enabled.
12723	Checks if `needle` is a subsequence of `haystack`.
12724	This code defines a simple web server using the Ice framework, handling GET and error requests. It returns default and generic error pages with specific HTML content.
12725	Start a web server on localhost at port 8080.
12726	Closes the server and sets it to None.
12727	Decorates a callback function with a route method.
12728	Decorates a function to handle errors based on a status.
12729	This method handles file downloads from a specified root directory, setting the response's media type and charset based on the file's type and handling potential errors such as invalid paths or non-existent files.
12730	Returns a callback for handling errors based on the response status.
12731	Adds a route to the appropriate dictionary based on the pattern type.
12732	Resolves a method and path in the dictionary, returning the value and empty lists for parameters and headers.
12733	This method iterates over wildcard and regex routes, matching the given path and returning the corresponding callback data if a match is found.
12734	Determines the type of pattern and extracts the pattern itself.
12735	Convert body to bytes, encode if string, set headers, start response.
12736	Appends a header to the dictionary.
12737	Sets a cookie with the given name, value, and attributes.
12738	Returns a string representation of the HTTP status line.
12739	Returns media type with charset if available, otherwise returns media type.
12740	Returns the value associated with the given key in the dictionary, or a default list if the key is not found.
12741	This function recursively removes a directory and its contents, handling exceptions and retries.
12742	This function retrieves open file descriptors for the current process using `lsof` and returns a list of file descriptors.
12743	This function analyzes the content of a stream item to determine its type, including checking for HTML, XML, PDF, and other common file extensions.
12744	This code attempts to fetch and process data from a file, handling retries and logging errors.
12745	This function attempts to fetch a file from an S3 URL, decrypts it using GPG, decompresses it, and counts the number of serif sentences in the text.
12746	Reads lines from a file and returns a list of non-empty lines.
12747	Generates a random adjective and species pair based on the specified position.
12748	Generates a random adjective-species pair within specified constraints.
12749	Summarize the code method in one line: This method takes input parameters, processes a sentence using a Goolabs API, and prints the results in JSON format if specified.
12750	Calculates similarity score using Goolabs API and prints the result.
12751	Converts hiragana to kanji using Goolabs API and prints the result.
12752	Summarizes the code method to clean input, make API call, format JSON response, and print entities.
12753	Summarizes a method that takes parameters, processes them, and prints a summary or response.
12754	Summarizes the function `keyword` that takes various parameters, processes them, makes a request to a Goolabs API, and prints the results in JSON format if specified.
12755	Summarizes the code method to print the response from the Goolabs API in JSON format if requested, otherwise prints the datetime list.
12756	This method creates a stage object based on the provided stage and configuration.
12757	Initializes stages based on configuration.
12758	Initializes stages based on configuration and returns a tuple of initialized stages along with a temporary directory path.
12759	This method processes a stream of items, applying incremental transformations and outputting chunks based on specified criteria.
12760	Runs writers on a given path, updating the start count and next index.
12761	This method processes a list of transforms on a StreamItem, handling exceptions and ensuring the output is a valid StreamItem.
12762	This function replaces the configuration of a pipeline with external stages based on the provided configuration.
12763	This code defines a WSGI application that processes HTTP requests and outputs the requests in a human-readable format.
12764	This function takes a list of sentences, assigns unique equiv_ids to each token based on its entity type, and stores the token's name parts in a set.
12765	Checks if all names in `target_mentions` are found in any of the `chain_mentions`.
12766	Checks if any mention in `target_mentions` is present in any mention in `chain_mentions`.
12767	This function processes a list of mentions and their corresponding tokens, compiling regular expressions for each mention and then searching through the tokens to find matches. It yields unique matched tokens.
12768	This method processes a stream item, aligns it with aligner data, and matches tokens based on ratings. It logs warnings and debugs if no tokens are matched.
12769	This method creates a NER file using a specified tagger, handling errors and memory management.
12770	This method iterates over an input chunk, parses NER XML, and aligns tokens with NER tags. It handles memory management and error handling, and logs progress and errors.
12771	Terminates child process if it exists, ignoring errors if it's already gone.
12772	This function calculates the product of a number `p` and an integer `n` using a loop.
12773	Fixes HTML email addresses in a given text by replacing `<` and `>` with their HTML entities.
12774	This method tokenizes a string into sentences, handling overlaps and labels.
12775	Creates a sorted collection of labels based on their character offsets.
12776	This method processes a stream item, tokenizes sentences, and assigns labels to tokens based on a label index.
12777	Convert HTML entities to Unicode, optionally padding spaces.
12778	Creates a cleansed file from a chunk of data.
12779	Creates a NER file using a specified tagger and pipeline.
12780	This function cleans a string by encoding it to UTF-8, converting it to lowercase, removing punctuation, and then trimming leading and trailing whitespace.
12781	This code method reads a chunk of text, aligns it with named entities, and writes the result to a file.
12782	This function takes a configuration dictionary and recursively converts all string paths to absolute paths, excluding URLs. It also ensures that the root path is set correctly.
12783	This method instantiates a configuration, loads modules, and handles errors.
12784	This code method generates a chunk of data for a specific label in a corpus, ensuring the stream time is correct and attaching the content, annotation, and label to the stream item.
12785	This function takes an HTML string, removes invisible characters, and ensures the resulting string is equal in length to the original.
12786	This function takes an HTML string and replaces all tags with spaces, except for newline characters. It also replaces email addresses with a unique key.
12787	This function writes an XML file with filenames from a chunk, handling UTF-8 encoding and error handling for clean_visible content.
12788	This function cleans a string by removing punctuation, converting to lowercase, and removing extra whitespace.
12789	This code reads a file, identifies non-tag characters, and prints them to the console.
12790	This method attempts to load a stage by importing a module and retrieving a function from it, handling potential errors and returning the stage if successful.
12791	Loads external stages from a file and updates the current stages.
12792	Loads a module and updates its stages.
12793	Initializes a stage with a given name and configuration, returning the corresponding constructor.
12794	Read bytes from a stream until a stop condition is met, assembling them into a string.
12795	Filters URLs based on configuration settings.
12796	This method generates labels for hyperlinks in a document based on the specified offset type and filters based on visibility.
12797	Iterates through all files in a directory and its subdirectories, yielding their full paths.
12798	Iterates over tasks, logs debug messages, filters by key prefix, loads task data, and yields task dictionaries.
12799	This method retrieves a random available key from a Cassandra table using a specified read consistency level and row count.
12800	This function processes a sentence DOM, tokenizing it into words and mentions, and yields each token.
12801	Extracts sentences, relations, and attributes from a NER DOM using LingPipe.
12802	This function retries a given function up to a specified number of times, handling different types of exceptions and providing appropriate logging.
12803	Verifies MD5 hash of data against expected value, logging errors and raising exception if verification fails.
12804	This function retrieves an S3 bucket from a configuration dictionary, handling credentials from a file if not provided.
12805	Decodes data based on input format, raising errors for invalid versions or unknown formats.
12806	This method retrieves a file from an S3 bucket, decrypts it if necessary, and verifies its MD5 checksum.
12807	Convert a stream ID to a key for a KV layer.
12808	Convert a key to a stream ID by encoding the absolute URL hash and base64 encoding it.
12809	Returns a tuple containing the binary MD5 hash of the stream item's absolute URL and the stream item's epoch ticks as an integer.
12810	This Python script sets up a web server using Flask, listening on a specified hostname and port, and prints a welcome message.
12811	Builds an HTTP server with command-line options for listening address and port.
12812	This code snippet adds XPath offsets to a stream item's body.
12813	Convert sentences to character tokens.
12814	Convert character offsets to character indices.
12815	Convert character offsets to XPath ranges.
12816	Updates tag count in dictionary if tag is not already present, otherwise increments count.
12817	Generates XPath expression based on tag and index.
12818	Returns the number of text nodes seen so far.
12819	Recursively yields all descendant elements of a given XML element.
12820	Selects XML children of an element.
12821	Selects a name from XML elements based on a given name.
12822	Selects elements from a source that match a given pattern.
12823	Selects an attribute from an XML element based on a given name and value.
12824	Returns the next sibling of the given element.
12825	This function recursively processes XML elements, updating their children based on their content and indentation.
12826	This function searches for and calls Inkscape, handling potential errors if the binary is not found.
12827	This function exports an SVG file to a PDF using Inkscape, handling various options such as export flags, DPI, and input file path.
12828	Convert SVG to PDF using Inkscape or RSVG.
12829	Convert SVG to PNG using Inkscape.
12830	This function initializes a Jinja2 environment for rendering templates from a specified directory.
12831	Sets up a template file and environment.
12832	This method renders a template with provided document contents, logging exceptions and raising an error if rendering fails.
12833	Saves content to a file with specified encoding, handling exceptions and logging errors.
12834	This method reads a template file, determines its type based on a command or file extension, and returns the document type.
12835	This method iterates over a dictionary of content, replacing characters for SVG code, and then calls the superclass's `fill` method with the modified content.
12836	This method saves the SVG content to a file with the specified type (SVG, PNG, or PDF) and optional parameters like DPI and Unicode support.
12837	This method saves content to a temporary file, renders it to a PDF, and handles exceptions.
12838	This function parses XML data using the expat library, handling various events such as start and end elements, character data, and namespace declarations.
12839	This function parses HTML content, extracts the first element, and returns it.
12840	Convert HTML fragment to Beautiful Soup object.
12841	Inserts text into the XML tree before or after a specified node.
12842	Inserts a new node before a specified reference node in the XML children list.
12843	Clones the XML node with its attributes.
12844	Compiles and runs a shallow benchmark, writing input files and checking results.
12845	Convert XML tree to string.
12846	Inserts a child element into the XML structure at the specified index.
12847	This function reads a configuration file, checks for mandatory options, and returns the configuration data if all checks pass.
12848	This function retrieves Google API credentials based on user options and configuration.
12849	Creates event datetimes based on configuration and current time.
12850	This function creates a Google Calendar event using the provided options, credentials, and configuration. It handles exceptions and logs errors if the operation fails.
12851	Creates event options, config, credentials, and creates event if credentials are not provided.
12852	This function returns the file extension of a given file path.
12853	Adds a file extension to a path if it doesn't already have it, and raises an error if the file does not exist.
12854	Generates a temporary file with a specified suffix and directory.
12855	Removes files with a specific extension from a directory.
12856	Converts a CSV file to a JSON file using Python.
12857	Replaces the first `max` occurrences of `old` with `new` in the file at `filepath`.
12858	This method processes HTML content by parsing tags, creating italic, strong, and underline elements, removing span tags, removing comments, checking next elements, unwrapping span tags, removing empty tags, removing inline comments, parsing attributes, finding tokens, removing blacklisted tags, and parsing attributes again.
12859	Appends the text of the next sibling link to the current tag if the href attributes match and appends the tag to the blacklist.
12860	Wraps text in an `<em>` tag if it has an italic style.
12861	Wraps the tag with a strong tag if it has a bold or 700 font weight style.
12862	Wraps the tag with an `<u>` tag if it has a 'text-decoration:underline' style.
12863	This method parses attributes of a tag, removing those not in a whitelist.
12864	Strips line breaks and extra spaces from a string.
12865	Extracts query parameter 'q' from a URL.
12866	Parses href attribute from 'a' tag
12867	Translates dictionary keys and values based on provided translations.
12868	Convert object to JSON string.
12869	This function searches for files in a given folder that match a specified regular expression.
12870	Joins strings from a list, handling callable objects and converting them to strings.
12871	Checks if `full` starts with `part`.
12872	Checks if `part` is a substring of `full`.
12873	Calculates the length of a string.
12874	Converts an object to a boolean value.
12875	Iterates over a sequence, applying a transformation to each item, and yields the result of the transformation.
12876	This function takes a context, a table ID, and a key, and yields the result of computing a pattern expression with the modified context.
12877	Replaces special characters in SVG content with their HTML entities.
12878	Checks if the input is a string or an SVGFigure, raises an exception if not, and returns the SVG object.
12879	Merges two SVG files by appending the second one to the first and moving its root to a specified position with an optional scale.
12880	Merges multiple PDF files into a single PDF file.
12881	This function parses an SVG file and embeds font files into it.
12882	Embeds fonts into an SVG file.
12883	Checks if inputs are iterable and of type `Input`.
12884	Checks if the provided function is callable and has exactly one argument.
12885	This function recursively processes a list of inputs, generating a list of outputs based on the input options and state.
12886	This function takes an option list, a template name, and an optional template location, then uses Jinja2 to render the template with the option list as input. It returns the rendered output as a string.
12887	Recursive function to generate all possible combinations of inputs.
12888	Converts an object to a string representation.
12889	Converts an object to a number, handling various types including literals, iterables, strings, nodes, integers, and floats.
12890	Converts an object to a boolean value.
12891	Iterate over serialized tokens or string representation of the AST.
12892	Changes the encoding of an XML file from `src_enc` to `dst_enc`.
12893	Generates a QR code from a given text and saves it to a specified file.
12894	The method launches a Gromacs simulation based on the provided input option and returns the success status and the extracted results.
12895	This function calls a command with given arguments and logs the command being executed. It handles exceptions and returns the return code of the command.
12896	Convert LaTeX to PDF using pdflatex.
12897	This method computes options dynamically based on the invokes in a Psy tree, treating each invoke separately and iterating through each outer loop.
12898	Transforms geometry to a specified spatial reference.
12899	This function takes a variable number of arguments and keyword arguments, attempts to create a geometry object from the provided data, and returns it.
12900	Expands two lists by taking the minimum of corresponding elements from both lists.
12901	Intersects and updates the envelope based on the intersection of two envelopes.
12902	Checks if two rectangles intersect.
12903	Creates a polygon from a list of coordinates.
12904	Convert a dictionary to a DataFrame with specified index and rename the DataFrame.
12905	Writes DataFrame to a file in tab-separated format.
12906	Selects rows from a DataFrame based on a condition and returns a new DataFrame with the selected rows.
12907	Convert a list of tuples into a MultiIndex and return a Table object.
12908	Returns a new table containing only the rows that are present in both input tables.
12909	Creates a new table with rows not in the given table.
12910	`odd_even` method returns a list of elements where the index is odd and the value is even.
12911	`even_odd` method returns a list of elements where both the index and value are even.
12912	`even_even` method filters elements in a list based on whether both the index and value are even.
12913	It subtracts a table from the current table and returns a new table.
12914	Calculates RMSE of error relative to specified year.
12915	Creates a table with binding energy data.
12916	Convert neutron mass excess to MeV and calculate the sum of parent and daughter masses plus twice the neutron mass excess.
12917	Calculates the neutron mass excess in MeV using a lambda function and returns the derived value.
12918	Convert mass excess to proton mass excess.
12919	Calculates the s1p decay width using the given formula.
12920	Transforms DataFrame into a new DataFrame with calculated values based on a formula.
12921	This method initializes a database session, executes a function, commits changes if successful, rolls back if an error occurs, logs the error, and finally closes the session.
12922	Derive key from master password and salt using scrypt and encode with encoder.
12923	Bootstraps a new database from a given path or URI.
12924	Searches for domains matching the query.
12925	Modifies a domain's salt and username in the database.
12926	Handles domain creation with error handling and logging.
12927	Extracts and yields messages from a server response based on keywords and comment tags.
12928	Convert path to lowercase, get scheme, iterate over types, return formatted string.
12929	Convert EPSG code to integer if possible, otherwise return None.
12930	Executes a target function with provided arguments, logs the exit code, and exits with the same code.
12931	Configures logging with specified verbosity and handlers.
12932	Updates a file from a URL by skipping comments.
12933	This function returns a dictionary mapping driver short names to their metadata.
12934	This function attempts to find an image driver for a given path based on its file extension.
12935	Convert geometry to array using GDAL.
12936	Rasterizes a layer into a raster using GDAL.
12937	This function attempts to open a raster file using GDAL, handling various exceptions and providing a fallback mechanism if the input is not a file-like object.
12938	Convert bytes to raster image.
12939	Copies a raster from one location to another, handling exceptions and closing the source dataset if necessary.
12940	This method initializes a dictionary of options from XML data, handling parsing errors gracefully.
12941	This method creates a raster dataset with the specified size and band type, ensuring it does not overwrite an existing file and handles errors gracefully.
12942	Sets the geotransform of the dataset using the provided affine transformation.
12943	Read array from dataset with optional offset.
12944	Initialize and return an envelope based on the affine transformation of the dataset.
12945	Initialize driver if not already set.
12946	This method creates a new raster with the same size and projection as the current raster, using the specified band and affine transformation. It also sets the nodata value and color table if provided.
12947	This method creates a masked array from a geometry, intersecting it with the current envelope, and applying a mask based on the geometry's type.
12948	Returns the nodata value of the first band of the raster.
12949	Read raster data from a dataset.
12950	Resamples an image to a new size using a specified interpolation method.
12951	Saves an image to a specified path using a suitable driver.
12952	Sets the projection of the dataset to the provided spatial reference.
12953	This method warps a raster to a new spatial reference using GDAL, handling errors and setting the raster's projection and nodata values.
12954	Calculates the chunk length based on the alphabet length.
12955	Lookup alphabet from predefined presets if length is less than 16, otherwise return the input charset.
12956	Encodes a chunk of data using a specific encoding method.
12957	Summarizes a chunk into a long integer by converting each byte to its ASCII value and multiplying by a power of 256.
12958	Extracts a chunk from the data array based on the given index and chunk length.
12959	Memoizes a function to cache its results.
12960	Compiles a regular expression from a list of lines read from a file.
12961	Converts a date to UTC format.
12962	Detects the default timezone based on the locale code.
12963	Convert object to dictionary.
12964	Activates a debugger on unhandled exceptions.
12965	Convert dictionary to pretty string with optional alignment.
12966	Handles job processing over a network connection.
12967	Runs a worker to handle jobs asynchronously.
12968	Starts a worker pool with a specified number of processes, each running a worker_main function with the given job_handler, host, and port.
12969	Validates and sets the classification if it's one of the allowed values.
12970	Start a new thread to send messages to the queue.
12971	Turns on a light with the specified device ID and name.
12972	Turns on a device with the given ID and name.
12973	Turns on a device with a specified brightness.
12974	Turn off device by sending a message.
12975	This method continuously sends messages from a queue until it's empty.
12976	This method sends a reliable message to a broker, handling retries and timeouts.
12977	Creates an adapter for a given object using the provided library functions.
12978	Sets the nature of the object based on the allowed values.
12979	Updates a dictionary with values from another dictionary, applying conditions based on configuration arguments.
12980	Resets default values for attributes in the object.
12981	Sets the configuration files as a tuple of `pathlib.Path` objects.
12982	Iterates over options, yielding each option, its value, and the corresponding value from the dictionary.
12983	Iterate over options, yield each option, and its default value.
12984	Creates a configuration file for a given index, updating existing options if specified.
12985	Updates a dictionary with another dictionary, optionally recursively.
12986	Read configuration file and return dictionary if valid, otherwise return empty dictionary.
12987	Reads configuration files, updates content, and categorizes files into empty, faulty, or valid.
12988	Convert command-line options to a list of strings.
12989	Extends sections list with common, bare, and subcommands sections based on command.
12990	This method processes command options for a given command name, updating a dictionary with the section and option names.
12991	Adds options to a parser based on a dictionary of options and their configurations.
12992	Builds an argument parser with options and subparsers based on the provided configuration.
12993	This method parses command-line arguments and populates a configuration dictionary based on the provided options and subcommands.
12994	This method generates a Zsh completion command for a given command, including help options and argument grouping.
12995	This method generates a Zsh completion script for a given command, including handling subcommands and sourceability.
12996	Generates a list of options for a given command, including help if specified.
12997	This function generates a bash completion script for a given command, handling subcommands and options.
12998	Starts a master server with a job manager and workers.
12999	Handles connection establishment and worker creation.
13000	Handles incoming JSON line, decodes, and passes to worker.
13001	Handles worker connection loss by logging, closing the worker, and removing it from the list.
13002	Worker found a job, returns job if closed, sets job, encodes call, writes to transport.
13003	The method `response_received` checks if the worker is closed, asserts that a job is not None, logs a debug message, retrieves the result from the job, adds the result to the manager, and loads a new job.
13004	Closes the object, setting `_closed` to `True` and returning the job if it exists.
13005	Runs a job set on the manager.
13006	Closes the server, manager, and all workers.
13007	It clears all waiters and sets their results to None.
13008	Appends a result to the list and changes the state.
13009	Asynchronously waits for a change in the object's state.
13010	Loads the next job from the job queue, handling exceptions and defaulting to a default job if necessary.
13011	Completes the job by setting results and marking it done.
13012	Adds a result to the results set and decrements the active job count. If no active jobs are left, it calls the done method.
13013	Clears the job queue and resets the state of the cancel method.
13014	Asynchronously waits for all active jobs to complete.
13015	This method distributes jobs from an active JavaScript source to ready callbacks.
13016	Adds a job set to the job queue.
13017	Adds a callback to the ready callbacks list if the job is available, otherwise retrieves a job from the active JavaScript source and adds it to the job sources dictionary.
13018	This method returns a job from a job source, possibly invoking a callback if ready, and then removes the job from the source.
13019	Adds a result to a job source.
13020	The method `job_set_done` checks if the job set is closed, if not, it checks if the current active job set is the same as the given job set. If not, it waits for the current active job set to complete and then activates the next job set from the queue. If the queue is empty, it sets the active job set to `None`.
13021	Closes the object, setting `_closed` to `True`, canceling any active JavaScript, and clearing the JavaScript queue.
13022	This function removes duplicates from a list by using a set to keep track of seen elements.
13023	Checks if a string or dictionary matches a regular expression.
13024	This function retrieves entries based on specified filters and limits, optionally using cached data.
13025	This function retrieves the AWS region from the environment variable or defaults to "us-east-1" if not set, then returns the corresponding region object from the boto library.
13026	Filters entries based on given conditions.
13027	This function retrieves the public DNS name of an EC2 instance by its name.
13028	Constructs an instance from a dictionary.
13029	Retrieves an attribute from an object, handling tags, conversion to strings, and attribute existence checks.
13030	Sorts a list of entries based on a specified attribute.
13031	Convert object attributes to a line, optionally filtering by columns.
13032	Convert AWS EC2 instance attributes to a dictionary.
13033	This method processes a filter string to match attributes or values in an object, returning a boolean result.
13034	Displays the name and public IP if the name is a string and not empty, otherwise returns the public IP.
13035	Summarizes entries into a table with optional columns and numbers.
13036	Adds a timestamp to a dictionary using the current time.
13037	Sets up logging with specified level, output, and Sentry integration.
13038	Logs messages with optional JSON output, UUID, and timestamp.
13039	Sets up a Celery application with specified parameters.
13040	This method returns a JSON response with a report about workers based on the provided worker ID.
13041	Deletes a job and returns a JSON response indicating success or failure.
13042	Creates a configuration option with a boolean value, defaulting to `default`, and a short name of `shortname`. The option is a switch, and it has a help message.
13043	Creates a dictionary of configuration options for a configuration section.
13044	This function sets a configuration string based on provided options and their values, handling boolean values and default types.
13045	Handles configuration command processing.
13046	This function creates shell completion files for a given command in specified directories.
13047	This function renders a table with specified columns and optional borders and colors.
13048	This function renders a row of cells based on a given number, columns, and widths, with optional column colors.
13049	Summarizes a table rendering function.
13050	Transforms a table into a list of strings with equal length rows.
13051	Convert text to colored text based on terminal support.
13052	Convert string to hash, map to color range.
13053	Generates a random color within a specified range.
13054	This function prompts the user for input, handling interruptions and exits gracefully. It attempts to convert the input to an integer, returning the default value if the input is not a valid integer or is an empty string.
13055	Checks user credentials by querying the database.
13056	Checks if a user exists with the given API key.
13057	This function checks for a token in the request headers, verifies its validity, and sets the authenticated user in the Flask global context if the token is valid. If the token is missing or invalid, it logs a warning and returns an authentication failure response. If the token is valid, it logs a success message and returns the original resource.
13058	Checks if a process is running using `pgrep`.
13059	This function dynamically imports a module and retrieves an object from it, handling potential errors and ensuring the module is up-to-date.
13060	This method fetches the public IP address of the machine.
13061	This method handles HTTP requests based on the specified method type, making use of the `rest_client` to execute the request with optional query parameters, headers, post parameters, and body.
13062	This method prepares parameters for a POST request by updating a dictionary with provided post parameters and files. It handles file uploads by reading the file content and guessing the MIME type.
13063	This method serves an application with command-line arguments, setting up logging and starting the application server.
13064	Renders a template with provided context.
13065	Executes a command, handles input/output, and processes output with a formatter.
13066	This function processes a list of command dictionaries, either in parallel or sequentially, executing each command using a separate thread if parallel mode is enabled.
13067	This function processes a list of commands, applying color formatting and handling standard input based on the command description.
13068	Calculates the number of workdays between two dates, excluding specified holidays.
13069	This function retrieves the path of a command using `subprocess.check_output` and stores it in a dictionary.
13070	Constructs an SSH command with optional parameters for username, ID file, tunnel, and SSH command.
13071	Constructs a secure copy (SCP) command based on provided parameters.
13072	Copies entries to a remote path using SCP and prints the commands.
13073	Copies files from remote to local using SCP, handling duplicates and creating directories if necessary.
13074	Runs a command on specified hosts using SSH.
13075	Connects to a host using SSH, handling different types of host information and optional tunneling.
13076	This method loads a configuration profile from a file, handling default profiles and inheritance.
13077	This function loads a profile from a file if no username is specified, otherwise it creates a new profile and sets various attributes based on command-line arguments.
13078	Adds a relationship between two parts based on their base names.
13079	This method returns a list of package paths related to a given relationship type.
13080	Loads relationships from a Part object.
13081	Adds a part to the content types with optional override.
13082	This method loads a part based on its relationship type and name, logging a warning if no content type is found, and returns the loaded part.
13083	Searches for a key in a dictionary, first checking for a match by name, then by extension, and finally returning `None` if no match is found.
13084	Constructs a subclass instance based on the provided element.
13085	Convert input string to parse tree, visit tree with visitor, return parsed result.
13086	This method builds a JSON Web Token (JWT) with specified claims and encryption.
13087	Assigns force field IDs to atoms based on their element and residue label, handling warnings for unparameterized atoms.
13088	Find the maximum values of `max_rad` and `max_npnp` from a dictionary of dictionaries.
13089	Convert force field parameters to a dictionary.
13090	Convert object to a stream.
13091	Iterates over file names in a zip file, yields matching segments.
13092	Copies all objects from a source directory to a destination directory in an S3 bucket, handling common prefixes, deleting existing objects, and setting metadata and ACLs.
13093	Opens a bucket using AWS SDK for Python (Boto3).
13094	Uploads files and directories to an S3 bucket, handling directory deletion and creation, and setting metadata and ACL.
13095	Uploads a file to a specified S3 bucket with optional metadata, ACL, and cache control settings.
13096	Uploads an object to a specified bucket with optional metadata, ACL, cache control, and content type.
13097	This method lists filenames in a specified directory, excluding directories.
13098	This method lists all directory names in a specified directory, handling redirects and filtering out unnecessary directory names.
13099	Creates a directory prefix by joining the bucket root with the provided directory name, stripping any trailing slash.
13100	Deletes files from a bucket based on a given filename.
13101	Ensure user authentication and set token in context.
13102	Convert text to uppercase based on language.
13103	Deletes objects in a specified S3 bucket within a given root path.
13104	This function attempts to retrieve the URL for the home namespace, handling exceptions and validating the URL format.
13105	A decorator that silences a function without a namespace.
13106	Generates a breadcrumb link for a home page in Bootstrap 3.
13107	Generates a breadcrumb link for a home page using BeautifulSoup.
13108	Calculates the interaction energy between AMPAL objects using a specified force field and assigns force fields if necessary.
13109	Calculates the internal energy of an AMPAL object based on interactions with a specified force field.
13110	This method calculates the frequency of each unique line sample in the live data copy and returns them sorted by frequency in descending order.
13111	Authenticate to Keeper using provided credentials and return the token.
13112	Uploads a build to LTD Keeper based on Travis CI events and settings.
13113	This function checks if a Travis event should be skipped based on the provided flags and the environment variable `TRAVIS_EVENT_TYPE`.
13114	This function sends a POST request to the Fastly API to purge a specific surrogate key from a service.
13115	Registers a build for a product on a Keeper server using the provided host, keeper token, product name, and Git references.
13116	It confirms a build by sending a PATCH request to the specified URL with the provided keeper token and data. If the response status code is not 200, it raises a KeeperError.
13117	Updates a dictionary `d` with values from another dictionary `u`, handling nested dictionaries and lists.
13118	Logs messages with specified log level and formatter.
13119	This function parses command-line arguments, processes a part file, and optionally pretty-prints XML content.
13120	This function lists files and directories in a given path, with directories prefixed with 'd ' and files with '  '.
13121	Splits a path into drive, head, and tail components.
13122	This function generates all possible combinations of file paths and part paths from a given path, then checks if any of these combinations represent a valid file. If a valid file is found, it returns the file path and part path.
13123	Returns the XML editor from environment variables or default editors.
13124	Processes a module with a file header check and message addition.
13125	Generates HTML for a chart based on provided data and configuration.
13126	Generates HTML from a chart object, applying optional before and after HTML, and writes to a file if specified.
13127	This method serializes data into a chart using specified parameters.
13128	This method takes a JSON string, loads it, adds a schema and dimensions, and then returns the modified JSON string.
13129	Convert JSON data to HTML chart.
13130	Convert dictionary to DataFrame.
13131	Writes HTML to a file in a specified directory.
13132	This function creates a chart based on the specified chart type and returns the corresponding Chart object.
13133	Encodes fields with specified time unit and scale.
13134	Generates a GitHub user link node.
13135	This function reads an app.json file, extracts the repository URL, and appends '/tarball/master/' to it.
13136	This function creates a Heroku app from a tarball URL, sets environment variables, builds the app, and then prints the app's URL.
13137	This Python script deletes an app using a given authentication token, prompting for confirmation if not forced. It also handles the case where the app name is not provided and provides a warning message.
13138	Extends a class with iterator interface by adding `__iter__` and `__next__` methods.
13139	Convert a number to a binary string of a specified length.
13140	Generates a random IP address excluding specified invalid IPs.
13141	Convert start and end dates to timestamps, add a random offset, and return the resulting date.
13142	Returns a session object with headers and authentication set.
13143	This method sends an API request to Heroku using the provided method, endpoint, and data. It handles errors by parsing the JSON response and raising an APIError if the response is not successful.
13144	Creates a new app setup with optional environment and app name.
13145	Checks the build status and returns False if pending, True if succeeded, otherwise raises BuildError.
13146	This function generates a sequence of numbers starting from a given prefix, using a cache to store previously computed values.
13147	Memoizes a function to store its results for future calls.
13148	This function creates a decorator that caches the results of a function call, ensuring that the same result is returned for the same input arguments within a specified number of attempts.
13149	Registers subcommands in a parser.
13150	Returns the root argument parser.
13151	Returns the first sentence of the object's docstring or an empty string if no docstring is available.
13152	Returns help text if available, otherwise returns the docstring if available, otherwise returns an empty string.
13153	Runs a command based on the provided arguments.
13154	Encodes a dataset into a string format based on its type.
13155	Extracts athletes data from a web request and returns it as a pandas DataFrame.
13156	Extracts the last `n` activities from a dataset.
13157	This method retrieves and processes athlete activity data from a specified endpoint, converting it into a pandas DataFrame with various columns for different types of activity metrics.
13158	This method retrieves activity data from a specified endpoint, processes it into a DataFrame, and returns a filtered subset of columns based on a predefined order.
13159	Constructs a URL for an athlete endpoint using the provided host and athlete name.
13160	Constructs an activity endpoint URL.
13161	This method attempts to fetch a request from a specified endpoint, handling exceptions and validating the response content.
13162	Creates a build from a tarball URL and returns the build ID and app name.
13163	Summarize the code method in one line.
13164	Generates a random title based on specified languages and genders.
13165	Generates a random person's name and title based on specified languages and genders.
13166	Generates a random last name from a list of languages.
13167	Updates chart options based on data.
13168	Sets `_dataset` and `_series` attributes of the object.
13169	This method renders a chart with specified parameters, including encoding, size, chart type, dataset, scale, geographical coordinates, line styles, marker styles, and fill styles.
13170	Checks if the given chart type is valid and returns the corresponding type string.
13171	Constructs a URL by rendering the API URL and appending query parameters.
13172	Opens a web page with the specified URL.
13173	Saves an image from a URL to a file with a specified name, handling exceptions and ensuring the file ends with '.png'.
13174	Opens a URL using the provided request.
13175	This method opens an image from a URL using PIL or cStringIO, handling potential ImportError exceptions.
13176	Writes data from a URL to a file.
13177	Calculates the checksum of the rendered parts.
13178	Generates a random decimal number within specified range and rounds to specified decimal places.
13179	Decorator to convert class name to underscore format and make it a class method.
13180	This method checks if the object has a `sup` attribute and returns a dictionary with the same keys as `self.le` but with values from `self.sup.le` if they exist, otherwise from `self.le`.
13181	Convert signing keys to JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) format.
13182	Unpacks metadata statement from dictionary or JWT, raising error if not provided.
13183	Signs metadata with the self-signer.
13184	This method evaluates metadata statements, handling nested structures and expiration checks.
13185	Corrects metadata statements based on federation usage.
13186	Extends request with metadata statements and URIs from a dictionary.
13187	This function parses command-line arguments for creating a concordance from a file.
13188	Registers logging actions and options for command-line arguments.
13189	Applies logging options to specified log levels and handlers.
13190	Logs a message at the verbose level.
13191	Creates a dictionary mapping each letter in a word to its frequency.
13192	This function generates anagrams of a given word by considering the number of blanks and questions.
13193	Convert class name to AMP format.
13194	Transforms a timeseries data set by appending values within a specified range.
13195	Returns the last positive value from a timeseries dictionary.
13196	Validates a page number, raising appropriate exceptions if the input is not an integer or less than 1.
13197	This function retrieves a page of items from an iterator, handling pagination and error cases.
13198	Modifies file permissions recursively or not based on the `recursive` parameter.
13199	Creates an internal signing service with a key jar initialized from configuration.
13200	Creates a signing service based on the configuration and entity ID.
13201	This method signs a request using a specified signing algorithm from the keyjar, raising an exception if no suitable key is found.
13202	Creates a POST request to the specified URL with the provided request data and returns the parsed response.
13203	Updates metadata statement using requests.put method with specified location and request data.
13204	Updates signature by making a GET request to the specified location with request arguments and parsing the response.
13205	Iterates over data, yielding contents from a list or dictionary, recursively creating bundles.
13206	Creates a bundle from data with optional filters, output, debug, extra, config, and depends.
13207	Combines URLs for dependencies and self for a given asset type.
13208	Generates HTML tags for assets based on dependencies and types.
13209	Convert asset types to HTML tags and join them.
13210	Transforms URL to HTTP if missing.
13211	This function takes a URL, protocolizes it, fetches the content, parses it, extracts all links, and returns them.
13212	Connects to an AMP server, sets up a proxying factory, and listens locally.
13213	This method retrieves modules from a project's package paths.
13214	Imports modules from a list and logs the process.
13215	Convert a date string with a hyphen separator into two date objects.
13216	Selects specified fields from a nested dictionary.
13217	Transforms a document by mapping dates in a list to formatted strings.
13218	Prints cursor data based on format.
13219	Prints the cursor with specified fields, date map, and time format.
13220	This function takes a list of tasks and a dependency graph, creates a separate execution graph for each task, and returns a flattened list of tasks in topological order.
13221	Adds default dependencies for a project.
13222	Creates asset types for a project with default attributes.
13223	Creates sequences for a project with default descriptions.
13224	This method adds a new shot for each user in a project, creating a task for each user in the shot.
13225	Handles post-save operations for a project, adding user-generated shots, default dependencies, types, and sequences.
13226	This method handles the saving of a sequence in a project, creating a global shot if the sequence's name matches a predefined constant.
13227	Creates tasks for each department associated with the given asset.
13228	This method checks if a peer is already connected, otherwise it attempts to connect to the peer.
13229	Sends data to a peer using a connection manager, handling retries and ongoing sends.
13230	This method retrieves a configuration value based on the specified section and key, handling exceptions for missing sections or options.
13231	This code defines a decorator that processes events based on their type, either by wildcard or by exact match.
13232	This code defines a decorator that processes events based on their type. It checks if the event type contains a wildcard and compiles a pattern if necessary. Depending on the event type, it either adds the function to a wildcard dictionary or a regular dictionary. The decorator logs the addition of the function to the appropriate dictionary.
13233	This code defines a decorator that processes events based on their type. It checks if the event type contains a wildcard and compiles a pattern if necessary. If the event type is found in the dictionary, it calls the corresponding function; otherwise, it adds the function to the dictionary.
13234	This code defines a decorator that processes events based on their type. It checks if the event type contains a wildcard and compiles a pattern if necessary. If the event type is found in the dictionary, it calls the corresponding function; otherwise, it adds the function to the dictionary.
13235	This code defines a decorator that processes Swift events based on their type.
13236	This code defines a decorator that processes events based on their type, either by wildcard or by exact match.
13237	This code defines a decorator that processes events based on their type. It checks if the event type contains a wildcard and compiles a pattern if necessary. If the event type is found in the dictionary, it calls the corresponding function; otherwise, it adds the function to the dictionary.
13238	Adds a factory to the system with a given identifier.
13239	Removes a factory from the dictionary and calls its stop method.
13240	Connects a protocol to a remote transport using a factory.
13241	Handles incoming data by retrieving the protocol associated with the connection and passing the data to it. If the connection is not found, raises a NoSuchConnection exception.
13242	Removes a protocol from the dictionary and sets its transport to None.
13243	Calls a remote method with given command and keyword arguments.
13244	Creates a multiplexed AMP connection.
13245	Handles multiplexed AMP connection made.
13246	Handles incoming data, logs, and sends data based on connection status.
13247	Sends data over a remote connection and logs any errors.
13248	Deletes the protocol associated with the connection.
13249	Returns the protocol for a given connection identifier from the local factories.
13250	The method `remoteDataReceived` processes data received over a connection, retrieves the local protocol, writes the data to the transport, and returns an empty dictionary.
13251	Disconnects the specified connection by closing its transport.
13252	This function centers a string within a specified width, padding with spaces on both sides.
13253	Prints the given string with a time formatted clock on the right side.
13254	Constructs a version string from given components.
13255	Identifies unit framework based on target unit type.
13256	This method checks if a given value is in the correct units for a specified unit framework.
13257	Pads data to a multiple of a block size using specified padding style.
13258	Removes padding from a padded data string using specified padding style.
13259	This method signs a request with a self-signer and updates the request with the signed metadata statements.
13260	This method gathers metadata statements based on the given context, handling errors and exceptions gracefully.
13261	Summarizes the function `pretty_print` that takes an input word, a dictionary of anagrams, and an optional boolean flag to determine whether to print scores or points. It prints the anagrams for the input word, checks if the word is valid in Scrabble, and sorts the scores in descending order before printing them.
13262	This function parses command-line arguments for a Scabble anagram finder, handling various options like help, sowpods, length, starts-with, ends-with, and wordlist.
13263	Summarize the code method in one line.
13264	This method processes incoming data by dequeuing packets from a queue, unpacking headers, and handling different types of packets.
13265	Logs a message and closes the connection when an unregistered type is encountered.
13266	This method creates a function stub for a remote function URL.
13267	Logs a warning if a remote call is not found in the dictionary.
13268	This method generates a regular expression pattern for command-line arguments based on the provided command name and aliases, along with help options. It also sets up a completer for the command options.
13269	Convert string to list using `amp.AmpList.fromStringProto`
13270	Convert an object to a protocol buffer message.
13271	Verifies metadata statement by checking for conflicting keys in "signing_keys" and "metadata_statement_uris".
13272	This method parses a remote response based on its content type, handling JSON and JWT formats, and returns the parsed data or raises an error if the content type is incorrect.
13273	Executes `pg_dump` with specified parameters and returns the output.
13274	This function connects to a PostgreSQL database, retrieves the names of all databases, and returns them as a list.
13275	This method walks through a directory tree, computes MD5 hashes for each file, and returns a dictionary mapping relative paths to their hashes.
13276	Syncs local files to S3 by comparing hashes.
13277	This Python decorator checks if all required user tokens are present in the session before allowing access to the decorated function.
13278	Handles user login, sets session variables, and redirects to a dashboard.
13279	Builds modules recursively under a given path.
13280	Creates a new instance of the class with the provided arguments, closes the fridge, and returns the fridge object.
13281	Loads JSON data from a file, handling exceptions and updating the object's state.
13282	Generates a JWT signed with a JWK from a keyjar, optionally with a specified issuer, lifetime, and kid.
13283	This method generates a JWT (JSON Web Token) using the provided signing keys and metadata.
13284	Wraps a function and appends it to a list.
13285	This function searches for Python files in a given directory and loads them as modules.
13286	This Python script processes a library and runs tests, printing the results.
13287	This function calculates the score of a given letter based on a predefined dictionary.
13288	Calculates the score of a word using the remaining letters in a rack, considering both filled and blank spaces.
13289	This function reads words from a file and yields them based on specified start and end substrings.
13290	This function checks if a word can be formed using the letters in a given bag, considering wildcard '?' as a wildcard for any letter.
13291	The code defines a function `main` that takes command-line arguments, processes them, and searches for a question using the `SOSearch` class. If a result is found, it prints the code; otherwise, it prints a message indicating that the answer was not found.
13292	This function parses command-line arguments, processes them, and calls the `main` function with the parsed arguments.
13293	This method processes a string, extracts command and responder details, parses request values, runs the responder, and writes the response.
13294	Extracts command and responder function from a remote box receiver.
13295	This method parses request values based on command arguments, using a decoder for each argument.
13296	This method handles the execution of a responder with a request, adding an identifier to the response, and serializing failures.
13297	Writes a response to the transport.
13298	Handles connection loss by stopping box receiving and calling the base class method.
13299	Build a JSONAMPDialectReceiver with a protocol built from a factory.
13300	Convert JWKS to KeyJar
13301	This method loads JSON data into a KeyJar object, handling both dictionary and JSON string inputs.
13302	This method processes a message based on the event type, using predefined functions or patterns.
13303	This method processes a message based on the event type, using predefined functions or patterns.
13304	This method processes a message based on the event type, using predefined functions or patterns.
13305	This method processes a message based on the event type, using predefined functions or patterns.
13306	Swift process message based on event type or wildcard.
13307	This method processes a message based on the event type, using predefined functions or patterns.
13308	This method processes a message based on the event type, using predefined processes or a wildcard process if no specific match is found.
13309	Start a web server on port 8000.
13310	Prints a message to the standard output and logs it if a log function is provided.
13311	Prints a message to stderr with an optional log function.
13312	Registers a command class in a dictionary.
13313	Registers a command in a class.
13314	Convert value to string using baseArgument's toString method.
13315	Convert string to baseArgument and check constraints.
13316	Updates a dictionary of completers with unique keys based on UUIDs, replacing regex patterns.
13317	The method `work` initializes modules, creates a connection, and then connects to a TernyaConnection.
13318	Initializes a message queue connection and consumer.
13319	Initializes modules based on configuration.
13320	Initialize Nova consumer with specified MQ details.
13321	Initialize Cinder consumer with specified MQ details.
13322	Initialize neutron consumer with specified MQ details.
13323	Initialize a glance consumer with a message queue.
13324	Initialize heat consumer with MQ and enable notifications.
13325	Returns the notification configuration method for the specified openstack component.
13326	This function takes a list of song IDs, constructs a JSON payload, sends a POST request to a music info URL, parses the JSON response, and returns a list of song objects with their details.
13327	Downloads a song into multiple parts, combines them, and saves the final file.
13328	Executes code with optional global and local scopes.
13329	This method loads a variable from the global or built-in namespace based on the provided name.
13330	This method calls a function from the stack, handling different types of callable objects and managing the stack accordingly.
13331	Executes `mysqldump` to dump a database to a file.
13332	This method renders a code snippet into a DITAA image and saves it to a PNG file.
13333	Logs the exit of the application and calls the exit function if provided.
13334	Runs the application with given arguments, handling exceptions and debugging.
13335	Changes current working directory to the specified path.
13336	Copies a directory tree from source to destination, preserving file and directory structure, and handling symbolic links and errors.
13337	Debugs the current exception.
13338	This function retrieves the modification time of a file, handling cases where the file is being written to.
13339	Checks if a file has changed based on its modification time.
13340	This method synchronizes a directory by creating it if it doesn't exist, reading files, and updating the database with file information.
13341	Clears a directory by creating it if it doesn't exist and deleting all files within it.
13342	Scrape data from a given URL, extract specific fields, and log the results.
13343	Downloads an image from a given URL and saves it to a specified cache directory.
13344	This method checks if the image has been modified by comparing the current last-modified date with the stored last-modified date.
13345	Compiles a template tag function with context support, handling arguments, keyword arguments, and variable arguments.
13346	This method finds the caller's file, line, and function name, optionally including a stack trace.
13347	This function recursively navigates through a complex object structure to find the defining component based on specific class names.
13348	Summarize the code method in one line: This Python script processes command-line arguments, sets up logging, loads a metamodel, and persists instances to a specified output path.
13349	Search for a symbol by name and kind in a stack, returning the first match found.
13350	Checks if a given `PE_PE` object is contained within a specified root object.
13351	Checks if a given object is a specific type and returns a boolean value.
13352	Convert data type name based on specific conditions.
13353	This function takes two references `r_rgo` and `r_rto`, filters them based on a condition, and extracts specific attributes from each reference. It returns two lists containing the names of the extracted attributes.
13354	Convert enum names to snake_case and return a namedtuple.
13355	Creates a lambda function that runs an action with given parameters.
13356	Creates an `EE` namedtuple from a list of bridge functions.
13357	Creates a lambda function that runs an action with given parameters.
13358	This function checks the type of a constant and returns its value in a specific format based on the constant's name.
13359	Transforms an operation based on the given metaclass and operation type.
13360	Creates a property that retrieves a derived attribute from an object based on the provided database attribute.
13361	This function defines a class based on the provided object's attributes and operations, handling derived attributes and unique identifiers.
13362	This method defines an association between two objects based on their relationships and attributes.
13363	This code defines a function `mk_linked_association` that takes two objects `m` and `r_assoc` as input and creates a linked association between them. The function first retrieves related objects and attributes using helper functions `_get_related_attributes` and `_mk_assoc`. It then defines the association between the two objects using the `define_association` method of the object `m`. The function also creates two additional associations between the same objects using the same helper function.
13364	This function takes a model `m` and a relation `r_rel`, and returns the appropriate association function based on the type of the relation.
13365	This function processes a business process model by creating components, associations, enums, constants, and external entities based on certain conditions.
13366	This method processes a call, handling replies, exceptions, and sending responses based on the call's target and state.
13367	Sends an accept message to a socket with optional channel information.
13368	Sends a REJECT message to a reply socket with the specified call ID and topics.
13369	Handles exception raising with detailed information and state.
13370	This method starts a collector, sends a call, and prepares the collector for establishment.
13371	This method establishes a connection with a worker, retries operations until a limit is reached, and handles errors gracefully.
13372	Dispatches a reply to a task based on its method and updates the result queue accordingly.
13373	Determines the data type of a given value.
13374	Convert string to Python type based on type string.
13375	Updates the end lex position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13376	Updates the end lex position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13377	Fetches feature content from Elasticsearch based on content ID and feature names.
13378	This method retrieves multiple documents from a database using their IDs and features, yielding each document's ID and feature dictionary.
13379	This method takes a list of items and their corresponding indexes, then indexes them in Elasticsearch.
13380	Deletes a document from the Elasticsearch index based on the provided content ID.
13381	Deletes all mappings for a given index and type.
13382	Deletes an index from the Elasticsearch connection.
13383	Iterates over hits, yields a tuple of ID and a dictionary created from the 'fc' field of the hit's source.
13384	Iterates over hits, yields document IDs.
13385	Iterates over scan_prefix responses, yielding document IDs and feature dictionaries.
13386	Iterates over scan_prefix_ids method's response, yielding document IDs.
13387	This method scans fulltext data, yields scores, document IDs, and feature vectors.
13388	Iterates over fulltext scan hits, yielding scores and document IDs.
13389	This method scans for keywords in documents, yields document IDs and their corresponding feature vectors.
13390	Iterates over keyword scan hits, yielding document IDs.
13391	Iterates over index scans, filtering by a value, and yields document IDs.
13392	Returns a list of feature names prefixed with 'fc.' if provided, otherwise returns True.
13393	This method generates a list of filters based on the provided key ranges. It converts string IDs to their corresponding codepoints, ensures the range is inclusive, and constructs the appropriate filters for Elasticsearch.
13394	Creates an index with specified settings.
13395	Creates mappings for an Elasticsearch index.
13396	This method generates a dictionary mapping feature names to their index configurations based on the provided indexed and fulltext features.
13397	Returns a dictionary of field types for the specified index and type.
13398	Generates a list of disjunctions for a given feature in a query.
13399	Calculates the total number of bytes in a feature dictionary.
13400	Counts bytes based on filter predicates.
13401	Convert a dictionary of feature counts to a pretty string.
13402	Summarize the `process_docopts` function to capture its core idea.
13403	Convert error message to HTML-escaped string and wrap in span with class "error-message".
13404	Convert an instance to a link string using serialization and key mapping.
13405	Generates a unique identifier for an instance based on its attributes.
13406	This function checks for uniqueness constraints in a class hierarchy, logging warnings for null values and violations of uniqueness constraints.
13407	This function checks the integrity of links in a metaclass by navigating through them and counting violations based on conditions.
13408	This function checks the integrity of subtype relationships in a model by iterating over instances of a specified super kind and verifying if they have the correct subtype relationship specified by `rel_id`. If a subtype relationship is missing, it logs a warning and increments a counter.
13409	This function takes a variable number of feature names and a transformation function, then yields transformed values for each feature.
13410	Transforms integer to big-endian 32-bit integer or lower-cased UTF-8 string.
13411	Updates a key-value layer with items at specified indexes.
13412	Clears all tables in the object.
13413	Scans the key-value store for specified key ranges and returns a list of tuples containing the IDs and their corresponding loaded values.
13414	Scans keys within specified ranges and returns their IDs.
13415	This method scans a key-value store for keys that match a given value and index.
13416	`index_scan_prefix` scans an index for keys starting with a specified prefix.
13417	`index_scan_prefix_and_return_key` scans an index for keys starting with a specified prefix and returns the key along with its value.
13418	This method scans a key-value store for keys that start with a specified prefix and applies a transformation function to each key.
13419	Defines an index with given name, creation function, and transformation function.
13420	The method `_index_put` updates the index with the provided keys and values.
13421	Stores a key-value pair in the index table.
13422	This method iterates over a list of content IDs and their corresponding functions, creating a set of seen values to avoid duplicates. It then yields a tuple containing the index value, index name, and content ID for each unique index value.
13423	Registers a name with the FC store, returning the corresponding index if it exists, otherwise raises a KeyError.
13424	This function checks if a PyPI package name is available by sending a HEAD request to the PyPI registry. It handles both 200 and 404 responses and redirects if necessary.
13425	This function adds a direction to a string based on the language's bidirectional property.
13426	This function checks the type of a data structure based on its attributes and returns the name of the data structure if it matches a certain range of core types.
13427	Recursively retrieves a nested attribute from an object.
13428	Convert a data type to an XML schema type.
13429	Constructs an XML enumeration type based on the provided data.
13430	Constructs an XML structure from a given data structure.
13431	Constructs an XML element representing a simple type based on the base type of a given user data type.
13432	Build type based on specific fields from a navigation object.
13433	This function builds an XML schema element based on a given object, handling attributes and data types.
13434	Constructs an XML element representing a complex type with a sequence of classes derived from objects in a model.
13435	Constructs an XML schema for a model, including global and contained in types, and a component.
13436	Convert XML string to pretty-printed XML string.
13437	Fetch stolen bikes from the website using an API.
13438	Sets the position information for a node in a parser.
13439	Tracks production of a function with positional information.
13440	Updates the end position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13441	Modifies the end position of a token by adding the length of its value.
13442	Updates the end position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13443	Updates the end position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13444	Updates the end position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13445	Updates the end position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13446	Updates the end position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13447	`t.endlexpos = t.lexpos + len(t.value)`
13448	`t.endlexpos = t.lexpos + len(t.value)`
13449	Updates the end position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13450	Updates the end position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13451	Updates the end position of the token `t` by adding the length of its value.
13452	Adds the length of the token's value to its endlexpos.
13453	Creates a queue with specified properties.
13454	Deletes a queue by name.
13455	Returns a dictionary and a query properties object.
13456	Returns a dictionary and a query properties object.
13457	Purges a queue by sending a purge request to the broker.
13458	This method creates an email message with HTML and plain text content, optionally including attachments, and returns the message as a dictionary.
13459	Read image if changed, download, open, convert to text, close, return text.
13460	This method checks if a string contains any numeric values or words with lengths between 2 and 20 characters.
13461	This Python script parses command-line options, loads a metamodel, selects a component, and finds a function within that component.
13462	Convert a value to a string based on its type.
13463	Creates a ROP reference from source to target with optional phrase.
13464	Generates a SQL CREATE TABLE statement from a class's attributes.
13465	Summarize the code method in one line: This Python script processes command-line arguments, searches for files using n-grams, and displays search results.
13466	Searches for a query in a document, returns the top results based on frequency.
13467	Partition a collection into two lists based on a condition.
13468	Summarize the code method in one line: This method initializes a database, sets up logging, and runs an event loop to handle bike updates and API server operations based on input parameters.
13469	This function returns a dictionary with language direction, start, end, and marker based on the language direction set in Django.
13470	This method finds a link between two instances based on their metaclasses and a specific phrase.
13471	This method formalizes a class by adding referential and identifying attributes from source and target links, and provides getter and setter methods for these attributes.
13472	Computes a lookup key from an instance based on a mapping.
13473	Computes a key for an instance based on a mapping.
13474	Returns the type of the attribute with the given name.
13475	This method initializes an instance of a class, sets attributes based on provided arguments and keyword arguments, and then relates it to other instances based on specified links.
13476	Iterates over instances in metaclasses.
13477	Defines a new class with the given kind, attributes, and optional docstring.
13478	Sends a message over a ZeroMQ socket with specified topics, headers, and payload.
13479	It receives messages from a socket, captures them, and parses them.
13480	This function analyzes dead code in a project using the Vulture tool and outputs the results to a file.
13481	Convert a string or list of strings into a list of email addresses.
13482	This function creates a decorator that wraps another function, adding a name parameter to the decorated function.
13483	This function creates a dictionary mapping RPC names to their corresponding values and RPC specifications.
13484	This middleware normalizes and validates UK postcodes, handling invalid inputs and redirecting to the appropriate URL.
13485	Read the current value, update the current value, and return the current value.
13486	Iterate over children of EP_PKG[1401] and accept each child.
13487	Iterate over children of a specific node in a tree structure and call a method on each child.
13488	Iterate over children of PE_PE[8000] and accept each child.
13489	Calculates the brightness of an image by opening it, converting it to grayscale, and then computing the mean brightness.
13490	`match` method checks if pattern is empty and raises an error if true, otherwise calls `match_args` with `_value` and `args`.
13491	Search for a character in a document based on a mapping and increment/decrement depth based on character matches.
13492	Creates a QTextEdit selection object for a specified position.
13493	This method updates the text edit's selection based on the cursor position, highlighting the matching bracket.
13494	Returns the exception information as a tuple.
13495	This function creates an input hook for Qt4, handling keyboard input and event processing.
13496	This method creates a singleton instance of a class based on a given name.
13497	Decorates a function with URL pattern and method.
13498	This function decorates a method to add a URL path and method to a server.
13499	Appends a new entry to the data store with specified pattern, function, method, and type casting.
13500	Adds a route to the application with the specified path, function, method, and type cast.
13501	This method processes a URL, extracts query parameters, and applies type casting based on predefined rules.
13502	Executes the command with optional source, hidden, and interactive parameters, saving the command to history if not hidden.
13503	This method handles the pressing of the up arrow key, updating the cursor position and history based on the current input buffer and history index.
13504	This method checks if the down arrow key is pressed and returns False if the cursor is already at the end of the history buffer.
13505	This method updates the history index and input buffer based on a substring and prefix condition.
13506	This method updates the history index and input buffer based on a substring match.
13507	Handles the execution reply by updating the maximum session history based on the status of the executed magic.
13508	Checks if the history is locked based on the input buffer, prompt cursor, and end cursor.
13509	Retrieves the edited history at the specified index or returns an empty string if the index is out of bounds.
13510	Sets `_history` to a list of `history`, initializes `_history_edits` as an empty dictionary, and sets `_history_index` to the length of `_history`.
13511	Store edits in history if current buffer differs from previous.
13512	The method `OnTimeToClose` prints a message, flushes the output, cleans up consoles, closes the application, and exits the Python interpreter.
13513	Generates a collection of records from a DataFrame.
13514	Convert a collection of records into a DataFrame.
13515	Summarize the code method in one line.
13516	Sets attributes of an object based on keyword arguments.
13517	Subscribes to topics in a ZMQ stream.
13518	Logs a message with a topic and level based on the input string.
13519	Sorts a list of lists based on a key using a min-heap.
13520	Iterate over a remote view using a synchronous function.
13521	Converts a notebook from version 1 to version 2.
13522	The function `get_supported_platform` returns a string representing the supported platform based on the build platform and the macOS version.
13523	This function attempts to retrieve an importer for a given path item, handling potential import errors and caching the result.
13524	Converts input arguments to a StringIO object.
13525	Convert version string to tuple of numeric parts, removing trailing zeros.
13526	Checks if 'setuptools' is the project name and if there are no specifications, returns True. Otherwise, checks if the version is '0.7' and returns False if it is.
13527	Adds a new entry to the distribution, handling insertion, location keys, and replacement.
13528	This method finds plugins by scanning a given environment, resolving dependencies, and updating a distribution dictionary.
13529	This method constructs a cache path for a given archive name and optional names, ensuring the directory exists and returns the path.
13530	This method parses an entry point string into its components, including name, value, attributes, and extras. It raises a ValueError if the entry point format is incorrect.
13531	This method attempts to retrieve package information from metadata, handling cases where the attribute is not found by parsing the metadata using the `email.parser` module.
13532	This method computes dependencies and provides extra requirements based on parsed package information.
13533	Determines the format of a filename and returns the filename, name, and format.
13534	Cleans leading whitespace from lines in a string based on a header.
13535	`Hides the widget and disconnects event filters and cursor position changed signals.`
13536	`showEvent`, `connect`, `installEventFilter`
13537	Returns the text cursor at the start position if the current position is greater than or equal to the start position.
13538	Updates the current item based on the selected text cursor's prefix.
13539	Registers all models in the specified app except those listed in `excludeModels` to the Django admin site.
13540	Convert disk partitions to NT partition objects.
13541	Computes system CPU times by summing each processor value for `cpu_time` in `_psutil_mswindows.get_system_cpu_times()`.
13542	Convert system CPU times to a list of `_cputimes_ntuple` objects.
13543	Reads input from stdin in a non-blocking manner.
13544	Reads input from stdin, replacing carriage returns with newlines, and returns the result. If the pipe is closed, returns None; otherwise, raises the original error.
13545	Updates the visibility of the tab bar based on the number of tabs in the tab widget.
13546	This method creates a new tab in a tab widget with a frontend widget based on the current widget's name.
13547	Adds a tab to the tab widget with a frontend and updates the tab bar visibility.
13548	Adds an action to a menu and sets its shortcut context if specified.
13549	Creates a dynamic magic function that executes a given magic string at runtime.
13550	Populates the magic menu with actions based on the provided list of magic commands.
13551	Closes the application if no tabs are open, otherwise prompts for confirmation before closing all tabs.
13552	This function generates a hashed password using the specified algorithm and salt.
13553	Checks if a given passphrase matches a hashed passphrase using a specified algorithm and salt.
13554	This function generates an HTML checkbox for a boolean attribute of an item, with an optional text label and an onclick event to toggle the boolean value.
13555	This method generates HTML for a page marker with an optional hidden file path and editable class based on the item's attributes.
13556	This method collects and configures editable boolean fields for a Django ModelAdmin.
13557	This method toggles a boolean attribute of an object based on user permissions and AJAX request.
13558	Determines if the user has permission to change an object based on settings and permissions.
13559	Checks if the user has delete permission for the given object based on settings and super class method.
13560	Adds children to a graph recursively.
13561	Constructs a directed graph representing a binary tree with a specified number of levels.
13562	This function takes a graph `G`, a view object `view`, and a list of jobs `jobs`, then returns a dictionary of results where each key is a node in the graph and the value is the result of applying the jobs to that node.
13563	Validates tree nodes based on their start and completion times.
13564	Convert color templates to class attributes.
13565	Copies a `ColorScheme` object with an optional name, returning a new `ColorScheme` object.
13566	Adds a new color scheme to the table.
13567	Sets the active color scheme based on the provided name, handling case sensitivity and error checking.
13568	Returns the path to the Python library directory based on the Python interpreter.
13569	Handles IOPub messages from a kernel, printing stdout and stderr, and updating execution count.
13570	Handles stdin requests, wraps SIGINT handler, and sends stdin reply if no other requests or execution finishes.
13571	This method waits for a kernel to be ready, running a cell, and checking for heart failure.
13572	Sets the style of the object and clears caches.
13573	This method retrieves a format for a given token, possibly from a document or a style, and stores it in the `_formats` dictionary.
13574	This method retrieves the HTML format from a document using a formatter and returns the cursor format.
13575	Convert a style dictionary to a QTextCharFormat.
13576	Searches for a command in the system's PATH, handling path extensions and case sensitivity.
13577	Normalizes a path by expanding user home directory, resolving symbolic links, and converting to a case-insensitive format.
13578	This function checks if a distribution contains modules or packages for a given namespace package and logs a warning if the namespace package is declared as a package but the parent package is not present in the distribution.
13579	Checks if the given value is a valid entry point.
13580	Checks if the last line of a string is blank or contains only whitespace.
13581	The function `last_two_blanks` takes a string `src` as input and returns `True` if the last two lines of the string are enclosed in triple hashes (`###`), otherwise it returns `False`.
13582	Transforms a line by replacing a command with its output.
13583	Transforms a line by replacing magic commands with their corresponding IPython magic functions.
13584	Transforms a classic prompt by removing the first part of the line.
13585	Transforms an IPython prompt line by removing the matched prefix.
13586	This method processes code lines, compiling them and handling exceptions, updating the code object and completion status based on the compilation result.
13587	The method `push_accepts_more` checks if more input can be accepted based on the current state of the object, including the indentation, input mode, and the completeness of the input.
13588	This method calculates the indentation level of a given line of code based on the current indentation settings and the line's content.
13589	Stores lines in a buffer, appending a newline if necessary, and sets the buffer as the source attribute.
13590	Resets the source and source_raw attributes and returns them.
13591	This method processes cell magic lines, storing the body and executing a cached cell magic call.
13592	This method appends lines to a buffer, stores them, and checks if the last stored block ends with a whitespace line.
13593	Transforms a cell, resets, pushes, and returns the source reset.
13594	Transforms input lines using specified transformations and handles cell magic and line mode.
13595	Initializes sets for observed types and senders, and an empty dictionary for observers.
13596	This method checks if the notification type and sender are provided, and if there are no registered observers for the type/sender pair, it returns without performing any action. Otherwise, it iterates over the registered observers for the given type/sender pair and calls them with the provided arguments.
13597	This method returns a set of observers for a given notification type and sender.
13598	Registers an observer for a specific type and sender.
13599	Starts a new job in a separate thread.
13600	Updates status lists based on job states, removes dead and completed jobs from running list.
13601	Prints job information for a given group.
13602	Flushing `njobs` jobs of type `name`.
13603	Updates status, groups reports, and returns the result.
13604	Updates status, groups reports, and flushes queues.
13605	Initialize attributes, set up traceback handling, and create a thread.
13606	Inserts a value at a specified index in the list and rebuilds the list.
13607	Returns a copy of the object with the same data, sensitive, and current working directory.
13608	Declares a special variable with a given name, separator, and class, raising an error if the variable is already declared with a different class or separator.
13609	Declares a list variable with a specified separator.
13610	Declares a set variable with a given name and separator.
13611	Sets the current working directory to the canonicalized version of the provided value.
13612	Moves two random elements in the route list.
13613	Calculates total energy based on route distances.
13614	Creates a dictionary with keys from `keys` and initializes their values to `None`.
13615	Checks if the table exists and has the correct keys and types.
13616	Convert a list to a dictionary using specified keys and default values.
13617	This method generates a SQL expression and arguments based on a dictionary of checks, handling various types of checks and operators.
13618	Warns with a specified message and level, exits with a given value if level is 4.
13619	This method parses a configuration file, merges default settings, validates the configuration, and returns the loaded configuration.
13620	Convert a list of lists into an HTML table.
13621	Generates an HTML anchor tag with specified attributes and content.
13622	Convert URL to absolute path if relative, then generate script tag.
13623	Convert URL to absolute path if relative, return CSS link.
13624	Generates an HTML image tag with specified attributes.
13625	Subtracts two numbers, handling exceptions for invalid inputs.
13626	It takes two arguments, attempts to convert them to numbers, and returns their product. If conversion fails, it returns an empty string.
13627	Divide two numbers, handle exceptions, return empty string on error.
13628	Modulo operation with error handling
13629	Convert model name to capitalized string.
13630	Splits a user input line into pre, esc, ifun, and the_rest based on a pattern.
13631	Adds options for configuring multiprocessing settings in a test runner.
13632	Modifies the dictionary `bdict` by replacing the value associated with `key` with `value`, unless `value` is `HideBuiltin`, in which case it removes the key from the dictionary.
13633	Removes a key-value pair from the built-in dictionary if the value is `BuiltinUndefined`, otherwise sets the value.
13634	Removes all builtins from the current environment.
13635	This method checks if the URL ends with a slash, appends one if not, fetches the page, normalizes the URL name, and iterates through the links to find a match. If a match is found, it returns the base name of the link. If no match is found, it returns `None`.
13636	This method iterates over all anchor tags in a parsed HTML document, checks if they have a 'rel' and 'href' attribute, and yields a Link object if the 'rel' attribute matches any of the specified rels.
13637	Convert a string to a list of strings, handling Windows-specific shell behavior.
13638	This Python script processes command-line arguments, runs a coverage script, and handles exceptions.
13639	Adds an action to the option with the specified callback function and action code.
13640	Appends an action code to the parser's actions list.
13641	This method processes command-line options, parses them, and executes coverage analysis based on the provided arguments.
13642	Summarize the code method in one line.
13643	Handles help and version options, returns True if help is requested, otherwise False.
13644	This method checks if the provided options and arguments are valid for a given set of actions.
13645	This method sets the first path element, runs a Python script, and handles exceptions, saving the coverage report and restoring the original path.
13646	Summarizes debug information based on input arguments, prints system and data details, and provides summary of collected data.
13647	Unserialize a nested object structure from a byte buffer.
13648	Sets the display hook to the current object's `hook` method.
13649	Logs uncaught exceptions in a function.
13650	Checks if a URL is valid by verifying the protocol and address format.
13651	Validates a URL by checking its protocol, domain, and port.
13652	Validates a URL container by recursively validating each element.
13653	This function checks if the provided keys are defined in the global namespace and returns their values. If a key is not found, it raises a `NameError`.
13654	Selects `n` random ports, ensuring no duplicates.
13655	The function `remote` returns a `RemoteFunction` object.
13656	Summarizes a function that creates a parallel function with specified parameters.
13657	Maps a sequence of arguments to a function.
13658	Extracts the last `n` lines from the readline history.
13659	Sets autoindentation based on the provided value or the current state.
13660	Logs start with the specified log file or append to the specified log file if append is enabled.
13661	Save the current state of the system modules and the main module.
13662	Restores system module state from a backup.
13663	Registers a function to be executed after a post operation.
13664	`new_main_mod` initializes a `main_mod` object and returns it.
13665	Caches the namespace for a given file path.
13666	Initializes user namespace with builtins, history, and aliases, updating both user_ns and user_ns_hidden.
13667	Returns a list of namespace references including user-specific, global, and main module namespaces.
13668	Resets the execution state of a Python interpreter, clearing history, counters, and namespaces.
13669	Deletes a variable from the namespace, handling built-in and user-defined variables.
13670	Deletes keys in namespaces that match a given regular expression.
13671	Updates user namespace with variables from input, handling errors and visibility configuration.
13672	This method searches for a given name in a specified namespace, handling various types of names including magic commands, line and cell magic, and literals. It returns a dictionary containing the found object, namespace, and other metadata.
13673	The method `_ofind_property` searches for a property in a class hierarchy based on the object's name and information, updating the object's information if found.
13674	This method finds an object by name in a given namespace and returns its properties.
13675	This method searches for an object by name and calls a specified method on it, handling different types of objects and formatting.
13676	Initializes the `history_manager` attribute with a `HistoryManager` instance, appending it to the `configurables` list.
13677	Handles exceptions by displaying a traceback.
13678	This method displays a traceback for an exception, optionally showing only the exception details.
13679	Prints the traceback of an exception.
13680	Summarizes the method `showsyntaxerror` in one line.
13681	Inserts the current indentation string and the next input into the readline object.
13682	Completes code based on provided text and cursor position.
13683	Sets a custom completer for the current completer at a specified position.
13684	Sets the completer frame based on the provided frame or uses the user namespace if no frame is provided.
13685	This method searches for a line magic function and executes it with the provided line. If not found, it attempts to find a cell magic function and provides a suggestion if available.
13686	`find_magic` retrieves a magic from the `magics_manager` based on the specified `magic_kind` and `magic_name`.
13687	Defines a macro in the user namespace.
13688	This method executes a command using `os.system`, handling UNC paths on Windows and storing the exit code in the user namespace.
13689	Automatically rewrites input with prompt manager, handles Unicode encoding errors.
13690	Convert user namespace variables to strings.
13691	This method evaluates a list of expressions in the context of the user's namespace and returns a dictionary mapping each expression to its evaluated result.
13692	Evaluates an expression with user-defined namespaces.
13693	Executes a Python file safely, handling exceptions and displaying tracebacks.
13694	Runs a cached cell magic.
13695	This method processes a cell, possibly with cell magics, and executes it, handling errors and storing history.
13696	This method processes a list of AST nodes, executes them based on the specified interactivity mode, and returns a boolean indicating success.
13697	This method enables PyLab in a specified GUI environment, updates the user's namespace, and sets up the execution magic to handle plot updates.
13698	Transforms command using formatter, updating namespace with local variables.
13699	Creates a temporary Python file with optional data and returns its filename.
13700	Extracts lines from the history manager based on a range string and returns them as a single string.
13701	This method extracts and processes user code from a given target, handling various sources such as files, URLs, and user namespaces.
13702	Closes history session, cleans up tempfiles, resets user namespaces, and runs shutdown hooks.
13703	This method broadcasts a message to a specified destination, consuming it if no destination is provided.
13704	Sends a message to a client using a specified sender and targets.
13705	This Python function `skipif` is a decorator that skips a test function or generator based on a condition. It uses the `nose` library to handle skipping tests. The function takes a `skip_condition` and an optional `msg` parameter. If the `skip_condition` is callable, it is evaluated; otherwise, it is directly evaluated. The `get_msg` function provides a message indicating why the test is being skipped. The `skipper_func` and `skipper_gen` functions are used to determine whether to skip the test based on the `skip_val` function. The `nose.tools.make_decorator` function is used to create a decorator that applies the `skipper` to the original function.
13706	The `knownfailure_decorator` is a Python decorator that wraps a function to conditionally raise a `KnownFailureTest` exception if a specified condition is met.
13707	Decorates a function with a warning if it is called without a DeprecationWarning.
13708	This function lists all profile files in a given directory.
13709	This function returns a list of directory names in a specified path, excluding "__pycache__".
13710	This method checks if a key exists in a dictionary and raises a `VersionConflict` if the value is not in the request.
13711	This function runs a command with optional timeout, event handling, and logging, capturing its output and exit status.
13712	This function searches for a file in the system's PATH, returning the first executable file found.
13713	Reads the next line from the file-like object. If the buffer is empty, raises a `StopIteration` exception. Otherwise, returns the next line.
13714	Sends a string `s` with optional delay, logging, and writing to child file descriptor.
13715	Sends a control-C character to the child process.
13716	Compiles a regular expression pattern from a string if it's Unicode, otherwise compiles it as is.
13717	Compiles and executes pattern matching in a list with specified timeout and search window size.
13718	This method reads data from a buffer, searches for a match using a searcher, and handles timeouts and EOFs.
13719	Compiles a regular expression pattern from bytes to a string using the specified encoding and flags.
13720	Searches for a string in a buffer with optional search window size.
13721	Searches for matches in a buffer using a list of search objects, updating the start, match, and end indices based on the best match found.
13722	Logs progress messages with a specified level and format.
13723	Unpacks a directory, applying a progress filter and copying files to a destination.
13724	Emits a message to the specified stream based on debug and verbose settings.
13725	Returns the last error message from the log if any, otherwise raises a RuntimeError.
13726	Executes a command and raises an error if the return code is not zero, otherwise returns the output.
13727	The method `find_source` attempts to locate a source file for a given filename by checking a list of possible extensions and attempting to locate a file with each extension. If a file is found, it returns the filename and the corresponding source data. If no source file is found, it raises a `NoSource` exception.
13728	Executes and returns a sorted list of tuples containing the first and second lines of executed arcs.
13729	Returns a sorted list of arcs that are not executed and not in the no_branch set.
13730	This method filters out arcs that connect a line to itself from the executed data, ensuring they do not cause trouble.
13731	Extract lines with exit counts greater than 1 from the parser's exit counts.
13732	Calculates the total number of branches with exit counts greater than 1.
13733	This method identifies missing branch arcs by comparing the set of missing arcs with the set of branch lines, and populates a dictionary with the missing arcs as keys and their corresponding branch lines as values.
13734	This method calculates branch statistics by iterating over branch lines, retrieving exit counts and missing arcs, and storing the results in a dictionary.
13735	Sets the precision for a class, updating the precision and near-zero/near-100 values.
13736	Calculates the percentage of statements covered by executed statements and branches.
13737	Convert `pc` to a string with `self._precision` decimal places.
13738	Highlights text in a string based on a list of needles, with optional class name, word matching, and case sensitivity.
13739	Highlights text based on keywords.
13740	Highlights words in a string based on a list of keywords.
13741	The method `run` copies the current object, sets up file and open functions, and then executes the provided function. It ensures that the original object is restored after the function execution.
13742	Removes quotes from the start and end of a string.
13743	Indents a string by adding spaces or tabs based on the specified number of spaces and tabs.
13744	Generates a marquee effect with specified text, width, and mark.
13745	Formats a string by removing trailing backslashes.
13746	Dedents the given text by removing leading whitespace from each line except the first one.
13747	Transforms text into paragraphs, wraps each paragraph to a specified width, and returns a list of wrapped paragraphs.
13748	This function calculates the optimal number of columns and separator width for a given list of rows, ensuring the total width does not exceed a specified display width.
13749	Returns the element at index `i` in `mylist` if it exists, otherwise returns `default`.
13750	This function computes a matrix from a list of items, handling optional empty values and additional arguments.
13751	Convert list of strings to list of lists, split each string by fields, and join the fields into a string.
13752	Build kernel arguments from command line arguments.
13753	Initializes SSH connection, sets up tunnels, and logs connection details.
13754	Converts an object to a pretty-printed string.
13755	Prints a formatted representation of an object to the standard output.
13756	Returns the method resolution order (MRO) of a class.
13757	This method formats an object for pretty printing, handling user-provided representations and cycles.
13758	Creates a pretty printer for sequences.
13759	Creates a pretty printer for dictionaries.
13760	Prints a pretty representation of an object with a super class and instance.
13761	Compiles a regular expression pattern with specified flags.
13762	Prints the name of the object.
13763	Prints the name of the function.
13764	Prints a pretty-printed representation of an exception object.
13765	Restores old pretty printer for a given type.
13766	It updates the type printer for a given module and name, optionally restoring the old one.
13767	This method appends an object to a buffer, updating the buffer's width and breaking outer groups if necessary.
13768	The method `breakable` in the class `self` handles the breaking of lines in a text output, adjusting indentation and buffer width based on the provided separator and group stack.
13769	Reduces indentation, pops group from stack, removes from queue if not breakable, and appends close if provided.
13770	Flushes the buffer, updating the output width and clearing the buffer.
13771	This method pretty-prints an object by recursively traversing its class hierarchy and applying appropriate printers or methods.
13772	Creates a color scheme table for exception handling.
13773	Writes a row into an ODS file with alternating cell colors.
13774	This function retrieves text from the Windows clipboard using the `pywin32` library.
13775	This function uses `subprocess` to execute `pbpaste` with the `-Prefer ascii` option, captures the output, and replaces old Mac line endings with Unix-style line endings.
13776	This function retrieves text from the clipboard using Tkinter on platforms that support it.
13777	This function creates a temporary directory for building Python packages, ensuring it is owned by the current user and not a symlink. If the directory is not owned by the user, it raises an error.
13778	This function rekeys a dictionary by converting string keys to integers or floats, ensuring uniqueness and raising an error if a key already exists.
13779	Converts a dictionary, list, or tuple to datetime objects if they are ISO8601 strings.
13780	Converts a dictionary, list, or tuple to a string using ISO 8601 format.
13781	Convert datetime objects to ISO8601 format.
13782	Converts Python objects to JSON format, handling atomic types, containers, and dictionaries.
13783	This method checks if a directory is a site directory and performs various checks to ensure it can be installed.
13784	This method writes a script to a specified directory, ensuring it has the correct permissions.
13785	Sleeps for `t` seconds and returns the count and the time.
13786	Creates a command-line parser with specified options and usage.
13787	Convert `.pyx` files to `.c` files.
13788	This code defines a function `main` that sets up a ZeroMQ context, connects to a socket, sends a request, receives messages, and subscribes to an IOPub URL. It handles both stdout and Python errors, printing them to the console.
13789	Builds a `PackageFinder` instance with specified options and session.
13790	Logs the new log level based on the old level.
13791	Sets up a logger for the class, handling both console and file logging based on the executable.
13792	Checks if new flags are valid and of the correct type.
13793	Prints help for aliases in a class hierarchy.
13794	Print help for flags.
13795	Prints subcommands with descriptions.
13796	Print help information for the class, including subcommands, options, and class-specific parameters.
13797	Print examples of self.examples if they exist.
13798	Updates the configuration by saving a copy, merging it with a new configuration, and saving the combined configuration.
13799	Initialize a subcommand with a specified subcommand and arguments, clear existing instances, instantiate the subcommand, and initialize it with the provided arguments.
13800	This method flattens class flags and aliases into a dictionary structure based on their inheritance hierarchy.
13801	This method parses command-line arguments, handles help and version flags, and loads configuration settings.
13802	Loads a configuration file and logs the result.
13803	Generates a configuration file for a given class, including class-specific configurations.
13804	Selects `k` random indices from an array and returns the corresponding elements.
13805	This function formats information into a specified format, handling lists and tuples by prefixing each element with a label.
13806	Modifies message with PID and writes to output.
13807	This method configures traits based on a config metadata entry, handling inheritance and dynamic section creation.
13808	Generates a help string for a class, including its traits and their help messages.
13809	Generates help text for a trait in a class, including current value, default value, choices, and help text.
13810	Generates a commented, wrapped block of text for a class configuration section.
13811	Clears instances of a class by setting them to `None` if they are instances of the calling class.
13812	Creates and returns an instance of a class, ensuring that it is also returned by parent classes' `_instance` attribute.
13813	Formats a failure message with error code, error message, and traceback.
13814	Prints a traceback and config based on the environment.
13815	Flushes the socket channel and processes events.
13816	Start channels with arguments and keyword arguments, emit started channels signal.
13817	Reads file content and converts to unicode if not Python 3.
13818	Read file without interrupting.
13819	This function processes a command using subprocess, executes a callback function with the process's output, and handles interruptions gracefully.
13820	Splits a string into tokens, handling Unicode and strict parsing.
13821	Compresses a histogram by removing the last 10 elements and keeping only unique elements from the first 90.
13822	Registers the class and sets up magic methods.
13823	Updates dictionary entries based on magic kind and function.
13824	This code defines a decorator `_method_magic_marker` that captures a magic kind and decorates functions or strings with it.
13825	This code defines a decorator that registers magic functions in IPython based on the provided magic kind and arguments.
13826	Convert magic functions to documentation strings.
13827	Registers magic objects at the instance level.
13828	Registers a function as a magic method in the user's magics and adds it to the global table.
13829	Converts a string to LaTeX format by escaping special characters and formatting magic commands.
13830	This method parses command-line options and returns a structured object and a list of arguments.
13831	Sets the option for a magic function.
13832	Summarize the code method in one line.
13833	This function creates a `Task` object with details about a callable, including its type, module, class, method, and schedule. It also allows for setting a label and user data.
13834	This function retrieves task information based on a given label and returns it as a JSON object.
13835	This method dynamically retrieves a callable from a model based on its type and parameters.
13836	Calculates the next run time based on the schedule and last run time.
13837	Sends a message to the RUN_TASK_CHANNEL with the task's ID and timestamp.
13838	This method runs a callable with a task message, handles exceptions, and updates the task's status based on iteration count and end running condition.
13839	Runs the method, updates last run, calculates next run, saves, and submits.
13840	This method initializes a task with a callable, sets its iterations, and schedules its execution based on the provided parameters.
13841	Runs the callable once.
13842	Finds the URL file path based on configuration.
13843	The method `bind_kernel` initializes an IPython kernel with provided arguments and sets up communication channels for shell, iopub, and stdin.
13844	This method reads test steps from a file, executes them, and returns a message indicating success or failure.
13845	Creates a security attributes struct for event creation.
13846	The method `run` in the provided code continuously listens for events on specified handles until interrupted. It uses the `WaitForMultipleObjects` function from the Windows API to wait for multiple handles to become available. If an interrupt handle is detected, it calls `interrupt_main()`. If a parent handle is detected, it exits the program. If the wait fails, it logs a warning message.
13847	Filters namespaces based on name and type patterns, ignoring case and showing all matches.
13848	This function recursively searches for objects in a namespace based on a pattern and returns a dictionary of results.
13849	Raises ValueError if any two options in `ex_op` are mutually exclusive with respect to `dict`.
13850	This code snippet sets up a mechanism to automatically draw a figure when it becomes active, ensuring that the figure is displayed last in the sequence of draw operations.
13851	Flush figures by drawing and closing all figures, excluding closed ones.
13852	Convert figure to data, send data to backend, flush streams.
13853	Loads an extension module from a specified directory.
13854	Unloads an IPython extension by calling a method on the module.
13855	Generates a list of `n` random ports starting from `port` and incrementing by 1 for the first 5 ports, and then randomly incrementing by a range of -2 * `n` to 2 * `n` for the remaining ports.
13856	Initializes a web application with SSL options, sets password, and listens on a random port. If no port is available, logs a critical error.
13857	Registers a signal handler for ^C^C, starts a background thread to confirm exit.
13858	This method handles user confirmation to exit a notebook server, with a timeout for non-answers.
13859	Shuts down all kernels in the kernel manager.
13860	This function calculates the price of European and Asian call and put options using Monte Carlo simulation.
13861	This function replaces substrings in a given text with their corresponding values from a dictionary using regular expressions.
13862	This method renders a prompt based on the given name and color, updating the prompt with the appropriate color scheme and formatting.
13863	Builds a kernel launch command with optional redirection and execution.
13864	Creates a zipfile from all .zip files in the workingdir, renames it with the context's version, and copies it to the workingdir.
13865	Modifies the 'metadata.txt' file by updating the 'version' line with the new version provided in the context.
13866	Checks if an object is a tuple or list and if its type matches any type in the arrayModules list.
13867	This function partitions a sequence into `q` parts, with each part having an equal number of elements except possibly the last part which may have one more element if the sequence length is not divisible by `q`.
13868	Patches `pexpect` to handle file descriptors properly.
13869	Runs a file, handling exceptions and output retrieval.
13870	Runs a script in a child process, handling input, output, and interaction based on the provided parameters.
13871	This method generates a detailed XML report of code coverage for a given set of files, including package, class, and line/branch coverage statistics.
13872	This method creates XML elements for a class and its methods, populating them with information about the class's statements, branches, and complexity.
13873	Downloads a file from a specified FTP directory if it does not already exist.
13874	Summarizes a list of frequencies into a single frequency array.
13875	Computes frequency of n-digit numbers in a file.
13876	Converts a text file to a list of digits.
13877	Calculates frequency of each digit in a list, optionally normalizing the frequencies.
13878	This function calculates the frequency of two-digit numbers in a given sequence, optionally normalizing the frequencies.
13879	This function calculates the frequency of each n-digit number in a given sequence, optionally normalizing the frequencies.
13880	Plot a 10x10 matrix of two-digit frequencies.
13881	Plots the frequency distribution of single digits in the given number `f1`.
13882	Prints debug message with expression evaluation.
13883	Reverses a URL with optional query parameters.
13884	Checks if a given base string starts with an underscore and is not a double underscore.
13885	Creates a test suite from doc files.
13886	Debugs a source code snippet.
13887	Debugs a Python script using `pdb` with optional global and local variables.
13888	Debugs a module by normalizing it, obtaining test source, and then debugging the script with the module's dictionary.
13889	This method updates a dictionary with files from a specified root, handling corrupt files and ensuring thread safety.
13890	Compresses files under a given root directory, updating a dictionary with file contents and removing specific files.
13891	This method returns a list of normalized file paths from the root directory, optionally filtered by a glob pattern.
13892	`allow` method checks if the record should be allowed based on the current state and deny rules.
13893	Checks if any of the given keys match the record.
13894	Formats an error message with captured logs.
13895	Embeds an interactive shell with specified configuration and header.
13896	This method initializes an IPython shell with the specified namespaces and executes the code within it.
13897	This function creates two CSV writers for writing data to specified paths.
13898	Creates a list of language directories from a list of language codes.
13899	This function appends entries to a list of PO files based on the provided metadata, message ID, and message strings.
13900	Writes a header to a PO file.
13901	Subscribes a user to the system.
13902	Initialize a command-line parser for sending notifications with options for user, secret, recipient, label, title, callback URL, and message.
13903	This function runs a Python module, handling imports, exceptions, and file operations.
13904	This function runs a Python file with optional arguments and package, setting up the necessary environment and executing the code.
13905	Compiles Python code from a file.
13906	This function reads a `.pyc` file, checks its magic number, and returns the code object contained within.
13907	Convert a matrix to an HTML table with optional headers and footers.
13908	Updates the current value within a range, adjusting the start and stop based on the current value and the sticky length.
13909	Clears temporary buffer and resets index and sliding interval.
13910	Selects index based on given row and column coordinates, handling edge cases and raising an error if out of bounds.
13911	Selects the upper neighbor of the current index.
13912	Selects the next row and column index.
13913	Selects the left neighbor of the current index.
13914	Selects the right neighbor of the current index.
13915	Updates the console widget with a formatted list of justified items within a sliding interval, optionally highlighting the current item.
13916	This function calculates the frequency of words in a given text.
13917	Prints the top `n` most frequent words from a given frequency dictionary.
13918	Convert XML element to string, remove attribute order tokens, and format XML.
13919	Writes the string representation of the object to a file.
13920	Validates a pin using a schema.
13921	Sends a shared pin with specified topics and validation.
13922	Deletes a shared pin using the provided API key.
13923	Sends a PUT request to update a user's pin with the provided token and pin details.
13924	Deletes a user's pin by making a DELETE request to the specified URL with the provided user token and pin ID.
13925	Subscribes a user to a specified topic.
13926	Fetches user subscriptions from a specified URL using a given token.
13927	Decorates a function to monitor its execution with a specified total, name, and message.
13928	Initialize total, message, name, and update progress.
13929	This method initializes a task with a total, name, and message, then yields control, finally completing the task.
13930	Subtask completes monitoring and updates total if necessary.
13931	Updates the progress monitor with the specified number of units and message, raising an exception if the progress monitor has not been initialized.
13932	Adds a sub-monitor to the progress monitor with the specified units and updates it.
13933	Updates the task status with a message.
13934	This function takes a string, optional start index, screen lines, pager command, HTML content, and auto-HTML flag, and writes a payload to an interactive shell.
13935	This method corrects the build location by moving the package from its old location to a new ideal location, ensuring that the package is placed in the correct directory for installation.
13936	This function loads configuration files, merges them, and returns the final configuration object.
13937	Loads configuration from a file, handling exceptions and converting to a dictionary.
13938	This method reads a configuration file and merges it with the current configuration, handling sub-configurations recursively.
13939	Updates the configuration with settings from a dictionary or Config object.
13940	Decodes command line arguments from a specified encoding.
13941	This method loads configuration settings from command-line arguments, handling aliases, flags, and invalid arguments.
13942	Loads configuration from command line arguments, aliases, and flags.
13943	Decodes command-line arguments to support Unicode.
13944	Convert parsed data to configuration, handling flags and aliases.
13945	This function attempts to find a Python module by name and path, returning the filename if found.
13946	Registers a callback function to be executed after the current state.
13947	Logs start of process with data and sets state to running.
13948	Logs a stop message, updates state, and calls stop callbacks with data.
13949	Interrupts the process and kills it after a specified delay.
13950	`find_args` returns a list by concatenating `self.mpi_cmd`, `-n`, `str(self.n)`, `self.mpi_args`, `self.program`, and `self.program_args`.
13951	Sets `self.n` to `n` and calls the superclass's `start` method.
13952	Sends a file to a remote location using SCP.
13953	Fetches a file from a remote location to a local location, waiting up to 10 seconds for the remote file to exist.
13954	Counts the number of engines in a list or tuple.
13955	Starts engines with specified configurations and handles file transfers.
13956	Starts a Win HPC job with specified arguments and returns the job ID.
13957	Returns a dictionary with default values for `n`, `queue`, `profile_dir`, and `cluster_id`.
13958	Extracts job ID from output string using regular expression and logs it.
13959	This method writes a batch script based on user preferences and default settings, adding job array and queue lines as needed.
13960	Starts a job with given arguments, writes a batch script, checks output, parses job ID, and notifies start.
13961	Creates a context menu for an image in a RichIPythonWidget, offering options to copy, save, and optionally convert to SVG.
13962	Appends a JPEG image to the document with an optional before-prompt condition.
13963	Appends a PNG image to the document with an optional before_prompt flag.
13964	Appends SVG content to the document with an optional before_prompt flag.
13965	Adds an image resource to the document with the specified cache key and format.
13966	Copies an image from the application clipboard.
13967	Retrieves an image resource from a document.
13968	Inserts an image into a cursor with specified format.
13969	Inserts SVG image into document.
13970	Saves an image from a given name and format using a file dialog.
13971	This method stops the IOLoop after a short delay if a new value is provided.
13972	Sets environment variables for terminal coloring, paging, and payload version of page.
13973	The method `auto_rewrite_input` in the class `self` takes a command `cmd`, renders a new prompt using `self.prompt_manager.render('rewrite')`, and then constructs a payload with the source and transformed input. It then writes this payload using `self.payload_manager.write_payload`.
13974	Sets the `exit_now` flag to `True` and writes a payload to the payload manager.
13975	Sets the next input text for the IPython shell.
13976	Read a configuration file using `configparser` with optional UTF-8 encoding.
13977	Extracts values from a configuration section and option, stripping whitespace and returning a list.
13978	Extracts a list of lines from a configuration section.
13979	Read environment variable for 'timidity' flag.
13980	Convert keyword arguments to lists if required.
13981	Read configuration files from a file and set attributes based on the configuration options.
13982	Sets attribute from configuration option.
13983	Expands a path with tilde expansion.
13984	Defines a method to compile a regular expression for delimiters.
13985	Splits line at cursor position and returns the last part.
13986	This method searches for matches in a given text by checking against keywords, built-in functions, and namespaces.
13987	This method completes attribute names in a given text by evaluating expressions and matching them against attribute names in objects.
13988	Updates the completer delimiters based on the new value.
13989	This method processes a text string to find matching files in the filesystem, handling special characters and escaping.
13990	This method returns a list of aliases that start with the given text, excluding those starting with 'sudo'.
13991	This method filters out attributes that start with '__' from a given text.
13992	This function extracts the default arguments from a given object, handling classes and builtins.
13993	This method processes input text and line buffer to generate a list of possible completions based on a set of matchers.
13994	The method `rlcomplete` processes text input, inserts a tab if applicable, and returns the completion matches based on the input.
13995	Checks if a record matches any of the given tests.
13996	This method iterates over records, checks if a value in a dictionary matches a test, and collects matching records.
13997	Extracts a subset of keys from a dictionary.
13998	Checks if the last input cell ends with a semicolon.
13999	Writes output prompt to stdout if full cache is enabled.
14000	Print formatted data with newline handling.
14001	Logs the output text to the shell logger and updates the history manager.
14002	Check if object is frozen, raise exception if so.
14003	Converts a MySQL timestamp string to a Python datetime object.
14004	Adds a timeout to the event loop to call `self.enter_eventloop` after 0.1 seconds.
14005	Dispatches control messages, logs errors, and handles exceptions.
14006	Dispatches shell messages, handling control requests, deserializing, logging, and sending replies.
14007	The method `start` initializes the `exit_now` flag and sets up a dispatcher for each stream in the `shell_streams` list.
14008	Flushes streams in a loop.
14009	Sends Python input to the session.
14010	The method aborts a request by sending an abort_reply message to the session with the specified stream, message IDs, and parent information.
14011	Resets the shell and sends a clear reply message.
14012	Constructs a topic string based on the engine or kernel identifier and the provided topic.
14013	Sends shutdown message to session and logs it.
14014	Modifies the module stack by copying the current modules and appending them to the stack.
14015	Removes specified sys modules from the global namespace.
14016	Convert relative path to absolute path.
14017	Checks if a file exists, is in the current directory, or has a `.py` extension.
14018	Determines if an object is a class or a subclass of a specified class.
14019	Checks if a directory is a Python package.
14020	This function takes a filename as input, checks if it is a Python file or a package, and returns the package name as a string.
14021	Generates a centered label with a border.
14022	This function takes a regular expression and returns a function that checks if the input object matches the regular expression. If it does, it returns a tuple with a value of 1 and the object itself. If it doesn't, it returns a tuple with a value of 0 and the object itself.
14023	Transplants a function to a specified module.
14024	Transplants a class from one module to another.
14025	Convert OS X system CPU times to a `cputimes_ntuple`.
14026	Get process command line by PID.
14027	This method retrieves open files for a given process ID.
14028	This method retrieves network connections for a process based on the specified kind (default is 'inet'). It raises a ValueError if the kind is not recognized. It then uses the `psutil_osx.get_process_connections` function to fetch the connections and returns a list of `nt_connection` objects.
14029	Checks if a user has a specific group, skipping superuser checks if specified.
14030	Resolves a class from a given path.
14031	Calculates the usage percentage of a resource.
14032	Memoizes a function to cache its results.
14033	The function `deprecated` wraps another function, adding a deprecation warning with a message indicating the replacement function.
14034	Logs in to Google Docs using provided credentials.
14035	Extracts the Google Docs key from a URL query.
14036	Ensures the existence of a temporary directory.
14037	Removes all files in the specified temporary directory.
14038	Uploads a file to Google Docs.
14039	Synchronizes GDocs and local CSV files, handles errors, merges, and clears temporary files.
14040	Downloads CSV files from Google Docs, converts them to PO files, and clears temporary files.
14041	Uploads a local ODS file to Google Docs, handling exceptions and cleaning up temporary files.
14042	Clears an empty CSV file and uploads it to Google Docs.
14043	Connects to a Qt console using the specified IP kernel connection file and profile.
14044	Checks if a URL is accessible from the current machine.
14045	Checks if a URL contains a specific string, considering case sensitivity.
14046	This function attempts to fetch a response code from a given URL, handling exceptions and returning the appropriate code or an error message.
14047	Compares the content type of a URL.
14048	Compares response code against given code.
14049	Validates source, data, and metadata types.
14050	Clears the output of the console.
14051	This function attempts to find the path of a specified command, handling exceptions and returning the absolute path if found, or raising an error if the command is not found.
14052	Creates a list of CodeUnit objects from a list of morfs and a file locator.
14053	Convert module name to snake case, or split drive name and replace slashes and dots with underscores.
14054	This method checks for the existence of a file, opens it if it exists, or retrieves the source from a zip file if it's in one. If the source is not found, it raises a `CoverageException`.
14055	Determines if a file is Python based on its extension.
14056	Convert a `datetime.timedelta` object to seconds.
14057	This method checks if the result is ready, waits if not, and returns the result if ready, or raises an exception if not.
14058	This method waits for messages and processes their results, handling exceptions and metadata retrieval.
14059	This method retrieves metadata, counts engine IDs, and constructs a dictionary based on the counts.
14060	Aborts the client with the specified message IDs and targets, blocking until the operation is complete.
14061	Calculates the elapsed time since the last message was submitted.
14062	Wait for tasks to complete within a specified interval or timeout.
14063	This method attempts to publish content to a display using IPython, setting the engine ID and metadata.
14064	Wait for outputs with a timeout.
14065	This method waits for messages to be processed and updates the state of the object accordingly.
14066	Converts a filename to its absolute path.
14067	This function takes a list of patterns, filters out those that start with '*' or '?', and returns a new list with the remaining patterns.
14068	Extracts the separator from a string using regular expressions or the operating system's default separator.
14069	This function recursively searches for Python files in a given directory, excluding directories that do not contain an `__init__.py` file. It yields the full path of each Python file found.
14070	Convert filename to normalized case and remove prefix if it matches relative_dir
14071	This method computes the canonical filename for a given path, handling relative paths and absolute paths, and caching the result for future use.
14072	This method reads data from a zip file or egg file based on the filename provided.
14073	Checks if a file path starts with any directory in a list and returns True if it matches the first directory or is a file in that directory.
14074	Checks if a file path matches any pattern in a list.
14075	Transforms a path based on aliases and pattern separators.
14076	Start a Qt event loop with a timer that triggers the `do_one_iteration` method every second.
14077	This code sets up a wx.Frame to drive a ZMQ event loop using a custom wx.App.
14078	This code defines a `Timer` class that uses Tkinter to create a timer that calls a function at a specified interval.
14079	Start GTKEmbed with given kernel.
14080	This code snippet sets up a Cocoa backend for matplotlib, handling KeyboardInterrupts and managing a CFRunLoop for real-time updates.
14081	Enables a GUI with a specified kernel, raising errors if the GUI is not supported or if no kernel is specified.
14082	Generates a symmetric matrix with standard normal entries.
14083	Calculates the difference between the two middle eigenvalues of a matrix.
14084	Calculates ensemble differences for a given number of matrices.
14085	Initializes the class with context, name, configuration, and step address.
14086	This method loads a YAML file, validates its structure, and extracts a specific step configuration from it.
14087	This method parses a step configuration, validates it, and initializes the step and its components.
14088	Sets up a custom exception handler and registers a cleanup function to reset the default exception handler.
14089	This method attempts to load configuration files from specified paths, handling errors and skipping secondary configurations if the default one is not used.
14090	Initializes the profile directory based on configuration settings.
14091	Generates default config file if not exists.
14092	Writes a file with a specified suffix if enabled.
14093	Erases the file and resets the lines and arcs dictionaries.
14094	Convert dictionary of line maps to a list of tuples with sorted keys.
14095	Convert dictionary of arcs to a list of sorted keys for each arc.
14096	Writes data to a file using pickle.
14097	Reads a file and returns lines and arcs.
14098	Read data from file.
14099	Reads a file, unpacks lines and arcs from a dictionary, and returns them.
14100	Combines parallel data files, maps aliases, updates line and arc data, and removes files not matching the local pattern.
14101	Updates line data in a dictionary.
14102	Adds arcs to the arcs dictionary for each filename in the arc_data dictionary.
14103	Updates hash with lines and arcs from file.
14104	This method generates a dictionary where keys are filenames and values are the lengths of their corresponding lines.
14105	This function continuously reads lines from the user until it encounters a sentinel string, yielding each line until EOF is reached.
14106	The `mainloop` method in the provided code handles the main event loop of a program, managing nested traps and interacting with a display banner. It uses a while loop to continuously interact with the user until a `KeyboardInterrupt` is encountered.
14107	This method replaces the readline history with a new line of text, skipping empty cells and handling consecutive duplicates.
14108	This method processes user input, handling readline completer state, converting between string and unicode, and managing indentation for pasted input.
14109	This method edits syntax errors by copying and clearing the last syntax error, then safely executing the file with the user's namespace. If a SyntaxError is raised, it shows the traceback. Otherwise, it reads the file and displays its contents.
14110	This method checks if an error should be recompiled based on the filename and handles syntax errors by prompting the user to return to the editor. It also attempts to fix errors using an editor hook and returns True if the error is successfully fixed.
14111	Exits the program if confirmed by user.
14112	This method takes a VCS URL, splits it into components, and returns the URL and revision number.
14113	Starts a new frontend master kernel with specified IP and configuration.
14114	Configures the widget's style based on the provided colors or stylesheet.
14115	Returns a tuple containing the identity, URL, publication URL, and location of the object.
14116	Convert R object to pandas DataFrame if provided, otherwise return as NumPy array.
14117	This function extracts the source code of a given object, handling various types of objects such as frames, classes, methods, functions, and tracebacks.
14118	Sets color scheme and debugger colors based on provided arguments.
14119	Toggles color scheme between 'NoColor' and the current active scheme.
14120	Convert structured traceback to text.
14121	Summarize the code method to capture the core idea of generating a structured traceback.
14122	Formats a list of extracted lines into a formatted string with colorized filenames and line numbers.
14123	Formats an exception with colorized output, including file and line information.
14124	This method writes an exception message to an output stream.
14125	Debugs the current Python execution with optional force and pdb settings.
14126	Sets the mode of the object, handling invalid modes and updating the include_vars and tb_join_char attributes based on the mode.
14127	Decorates a view function with login_required and checks if the user is in the specified group. If not, raises PermissionDenied.
14128	Ensure `mod` is from a list, handle recursive imports, and import submodules.
14129	Appends a line with indentation to the code list.
14130	Adds a new section to the code with the specified indentation.
14131	Extracts a function from a string representation of a class instance.
14132	Convert expression into code by splitting on pipes or dots, adding variables, and formatting.
14133	Summarize the `render` method in one line.
14134	This method iterates over a variable number of dot attributes on an object, attempting to access each one. If an attribute does not exist, it falls back to using the attribute name as a key in the object's dictionary. If the attribute is callable, it is called.
14135	This function renders a template using a given context.
14136	Creates a dictionary mapping format types to formatter classes.
14137	It updates the type printer for a given type and returns the old printer.
14138	It updates the deferred printer for a given type module and name, optionally restoring the old printer if provided.
14139	This method updates the float format based on the new precision provided, handling both explicit format strings and integer precision. It sets the precision for numpy if it's imported, otherwise, it defaults to using the built-in `repr` function.
14140	Filters user configuration files based on existence and expansion of user paths.
14141	Configures the test environment based on command-line arguments and environment variables.
14142	Configures logging with file or stream handlers based on configuration settings.
14143	Configures the working directory based on the provided paths, adding them to the system path if they are packages.
14144	This function splits a string into lines, screens, and prints them in chunks, handling escape sequences.
14145	This function displays a string in a pager or prints it directly based on the screen size and terminal type.
14146	Summarize the code method in one line.
14147	Returns the pager command based on the operating system and environment variable.
14148	Returns a string indicating the start of a page based on the given pager and start value.
14149	Summarizes a function that prints a string with a specified width, truncating it with "..." if necessary, and optionally allows viewing the truncated string.
14150	Prints basic Unicode representation of an object.
14151	Convert LaTeX to PNG using `latex_to_png` function.
14152	Convert LaTeX to PNG using dvipng backend.
14153	Checks if an object can be printed as LaTeX.
14154	Converts an object to LaTeX format, replacing `\dag` with `\dagger`, stripping `$` characters, and returning a LaTeX formatted string or `None` if conversion fails.
14155	Adds options to a parser and handles conflicts.
14156	Validates if the input is a list of strings.
14157	Validates dictionary keys and values are strings.
14158	Runs the I/O loop until interrupted or the loop is explicitly exited.
14159	Handles incoming messages by identifying identities, deserializing, and calling handlers.
14160	Executes code with optional parameters.
14161	Completes the given text at the specified cursor position.
14162	This method sends a message to the session with the object information and returns the message ID.
14163	Generates a message for history retrieval using the session's msg method and returns the message ID.
14164	Sends a shutdown request to the kernel, returns the message ID.
14165	Flushes the I/O loop with a timeout.
14166	Sends an input message to the session.
14167	Start channels with specified options.
14168	Stops all channels if they are alive.
14169	Checks if any of the channels are alive.
14170	Loads connection file and extracts IP, shell port, stdin port, iopub port, hb port, and session key.
14171	Writes connection file with specified parameters and sets default ports.
14172	Starts a kernel on a local interface, writes a connection file, and launches the kernel with specified arguments.
14173	Shuts down the kernel, pauses the heartbeat channel, and waits for the kernel to properly execute shutdown actions.
14174	Restarts the kernel with optional restart option and updates launch arguments.
14175	Kills the kernel if it exists, handling Windows-specific errors.
14176	Interrupts the kernel if it exists.
14177	This method checks if a kernel is running and sends a signal to it if it is. If no kernel is running, it raises a runtime error.
14178	Checks if the kernel is alive based on its state.
14179	Creates a shell channel object.
14180	Subscribes to a channel based on context, session, IP, and IOPub port.
14181	Initialize and return the `_hb_channel` attribute if it is `None`.
14182	This function checks if an IPython kernel is already bound and binds a new one if not.
14183	Logs messages to stderr if debug level is reached.
14184	This method retrieves and returns a list of extension classes based on their priority.
14185	The method checks each extension's `pre_step` method, skipping the step if any extension returns `True`.
14186	Post-step processing for each extension in the context.
14187	Finalizes the result using each extension in the list.
14188	Iterates over directories in a given egg directory, excluding 'EGG-INFO', and yields each directory, its subdirectories, and files.
14189	The function `scan_module` checks if a Python module is safe to import based on its contents and dependencies. It skips certain magic and date-related data, inspect functions, and top-level module references.
14190	This function launches a new instance of IPython, ensuring it doesn't start additional controllers on Windows due to multiprocessing issues.
14191	Saves a connection dictionary to a file with JSON formatting, handling IP address identification.
14192	Loads configuration from JSON files and sets up the HubFactory with engine and client transport and IP addresses.
14193	This method loads a secondary configuration file, handles errors, and updates session settings based on the configuration.
14194	Executes a cell in parallel on specified engines, handling block submission and saving results.
14195	Enables automatic pixelization in the code execution environment.
14196	Disables automatic execution of cells.
14197	Executes a cell, handling syntax errors, name errors, and block execution.
14198	Runs heartbeat tasks if the current time is more than one tick frequency later than the previous time.
14199	This method runs a task based on its status and message.
14200	Deletes a task from the database based on its ID.
14201	This code snippet patches a protocol to handle fake push producers and abort connections, replacing the original `makeConnection` and `connectionLost` methods.
14202	Sets the attribute of an object if it does not exist.
14203	Accepts a connection, sets up a server protocol, and returns a connection wrapper.
14204	Rejects a connection with an error message.
14205	Returns a `ProxyAgentWithContext` instance with the specified endpoint and optional reactor and context factory.
14206	Handles form validation, saves object, and redirects upon successful save.
14207	Deletes an object and redirects to the success URL.
14208	Updates user fields based on authenticated user.
14209	Summarize the code method to report code coverage and errors.
14210	This method checks modules for updates and reloads them if necessary.
14211	Opens a file in the configured editor with optional line number and waits for the editor to close.
14212	Fixes an error in a file using Vim's quickfix feature.
14213	This method retrieves text from the clipboard using the appropriate platform-specific method and returns the text.
14214	Adds a function to the chain with an optional priority.
14215	This function attempts to retrieve metadata for a given path or module, handling various types of distributions such as source distributions, binary distributions, wheels, and development distributions.
14216	Configures the object with the given options and configuration.
14217	This function imports a module and returns the specified object from it.
14218	This function attempts to establish a passwordless SSH connection to a server using either OpenSSH or Paramiko, depending on the operating system.
14219	Checks if a passwordless SSH connection can be established to a server using a specified keyfile.
14220	This function attempts to establish an SSH connection to a server using Paramiko, handling exceptions and returning a boolean indicating success or failure.
14221	Connects to a server through a tunnel using SSH.
14222	This function opens a tunnel using SSH or Paramiko, returning the local port and the tunnel object.
14223	Closes the task socket and sets it to `None`, and logs a warning message about the engine unregistration and task farming.
14224	Unwraps an exception, prints traceback if available, and sets engine ID.
14225	Registers an engine with its queue based on the message content.
14226	Removes an engine from the system based on its ID and handles stranded messages. If the task socket is available and the scheme is 'pure', it stops scheduling tasks.
14227	Handles incoming execute reply messages, updating metadata and results based on message status.
14228	Handles notifications by receiving messages, processing them, and handling exceptions.
14229	Handles incoming messages from a socket, processes them, and logs them if debugging is enabled.
14230	Flush control messages from a socket.
14231	Flush ignored control replies from the session.
14232	This method receives messages from a socket, processes them, and updates metadata based on the message type.
14233	This method continuously spins until a stop signal is set.
14234	Stops the spinning thread.
14235	Flushes all sockets.
14236	Wait for jobs to complete within a specified timeout.
14237	This method sends an apply request to a socket using the provided function `f` with optional arguments, subheader, and track parameters. It validates the input arguments and sends the message using the session's send method. It also handles the case where the client is closed and adds the message ID to the outstanding list.
14238	This method sends an execute request to a socket, validates the input, and handles the response.
14239	This method retrieves results from a history or results dictionary based on provided indices or message IDs, filtering out local and remote IDs, and returns an asynchronous result object.
14240	This method sends a queue request to the engine with specified targets and verbosity, processes the response, and returns the status or content based on the target type.
14241	This method purges results from a session based on specified targets or jobs. It checks for valid inputs, constructs message IDs, sends a purge request, and receives a response.
14242	This method sends a history request to a session, receives the response, and returns the history if the status is 'ok'.
14243	This method sends a database query to a session, processes the response, and returns the records.
14244	Creates a set of opcode values from a list of names.
14245	Returns a ByteParser instance if not already set, otherwise returns the existing instance.
14246	This method returns a set of line numbers where any of the provided regular expressions match.
14247	This method processes a code string, identifying and categorizing different types of tokens and statements, including class definitions, docstrings, multi-line statements, and executable statements. It also handles indentation and exclusion of certain lines based on a specified pattern.
14248	Extracts the first line from a dictionary based on a given key.
14249	This method filters out lines from a list that are present in a set of ignores, then returns a set of the first lines of the remaining lines.
14250	This method parses source code, handling exceptions, and returns lines and excluded lines.
14251	Generates a sorted list of unique arcs from a byte parser.
14252	This method calculates exit counts for arcs in a graph, excluding specified lines and class definitions.
14253	Creates a list of ByteParser objects from a list of CodeObjects.
14254	Iterates through bytecode line increments, yielding line numbers and byte positions.
14255	Iterates over child parsers, yields line numbers.
14256	Convert block stack to string representation.
14257	This method splits a Python code object into chunks based on byte offsets and op codes, handling jumps and exits for loops, try blocks, and other control flow constructs.
14258	Validates that each chunk's exits are either in the set of starts or negative.
14259	This method iterates through chunks, yields arcs based on trace function invocation conditions, and handles backward jumps.
14260	Generates a list of chunks from child parsers.
14261	Returns a set of all arcs from child parsers.
14262	Adds options for coverage analysis in a Python script.
14263	Start coverage collection.
14264	Summarize the code method to report coverage and generate HTML and XML reports, ensuring minimum coverage percentage.
14265	Checks if a file is included based on the cover settings.
14266	Generates alternative interpretations of a source distro name.
14267	This function opens a URL with authentication and user agent headers, handling URL parsing and authentication.
14268	This method searches for a distribution matching a given requirement, handling various scenarios such as development, system eggs, and local indexing.
14269	This function retrieves the parent module of a given object by traversing its name hierarchy.
14270	Returns the root topic based on the engine's ID.
14271	Convert template content with context into rendered HTML.
14272	Configures the object with the given options and configuration.
14273	Formats an error by capturing its output, setting the buffer, and returning the error.
14274	Splits a list into sublists of a specified size.
14275	Converts a notebook from version 1 to version 2, marking the original version.
14276	Convert a hexadecimal color string to RGB values.
14277	This function takes a style name as input, retrieves the corresponding style, and returns a dictionary containing the background color, highlight color, and foreground color.
14278	This function returns a QFont object based on the provided family name, using a fallback font if the exact match fails.
14279	Handles the execution reply by updating the interpreter prompt and removing the message from the request information.
14280	Handles history reply by retrying if aborted, waiting for kernel queue flush, and updating history.
14281	This method handles the output of a Python session, appending plain text and HTML content to the output buffer.
14282	Handles display data by logging debug message, checking if hidden and from this session, and appending HTML or plain text based on data type.
14283	This method initializes the channels for an IPython widget, loads the GUI reference magic, and retrieves the last 1000 history entries from the kernel manager's shell channel.
14284	Executes a Python script located at the specified path, handling special characters and platform-specific escaping.
14285	This method processes an error message by formatting it into HTML for better readability and appending it to the HTML content.
14286	Processes a payload based on its source type.
14287	Sets default style based on input color.
14288	This method edits a file using the specified editor, handling custom editing requests, default editor availability, and error handling.
14289	Generates an HTML span with the formatted input prompt.
14290	Convert prompt to HTML with continuation prompt.
14291	Updates style sheet and sets default style sheet for control and page control.
14292	Sets syntax style for the editor.
14293	Handles asynchronous CloudStack API responses, decoding JSON, and managing job statuses.
14294	This method generates a signature for a URL by sorting the parameters, encoding them, and then hashing them with a secret key.
14295	Transforms dictionary values recursively if they are dictionaries.
14296	This function calculates and returns virtual memory statistics using the `psutil` library, including total, free, active, inactive, wired, cached, buffers, and shared memory.
14297	Convert BSD system CPU times to NTuple format.
14298	Returns a tuple of real, effective, and saved user IDs for the process.
14299	Returns a tuple of the real, effective, and saved GIDs for the process.
14300	Convert process threads to a list of `nt_thread` objects.
14301	This method retrieves open files for a given process ID using either the BSD-specific `_psutil_bsd.get_process_open_files` function or the POSIX-specific `_psposix.LsofParser` function.
14302	```python
def pkg_commit_hash(pkg_path):
    try:
        proc = subprocess.Popen(['git', 'rev-parse', '--short', 'HEAD'], stdout=subprocess.PIPE, stderr=subprocess.PIPE, cwd=pkg_path, shell=True)
        repo_commit, _ = proc.communicate()
        return 'repository', repo_commit.strip()
    except subprocess.CalledProcessError:
        return '(none found)', '<not found>'
```
14303	```python
def pkg_info(pkg_path):
    src, hsh = pkg_commit_hash(pkg_path)
    return {
        'ipython_version': release.version,
        'ipython_path': pkg_path,
        'commit_source': src,
        'commit_hash': hsh,
        'sys_version': sys.version,
        'sys_executable': sys.executable,
        'sys_platform': sys.platform,
        'platform': platform.platform(),
        'os_name': os.name,
        'default_encoding': encoding.DEFAULT_ENCODING,
    }
```
14304	Summarizes system information using `pkg_info` and `pprint`.
14305	Returns the number of CPUs on a Darwin system.
14306	This function determines the number of CPU cores available on the system.
14307	This method fetches all results from a database, clears the messages list, retrieves a new result from the database, and performs various operations based on the result.
14308	Fetches a single row from the database.
14309	Fetches a specified number of rows from the database.
14310	Fetches all rows from the database.
14311	Connects to a network with specified peers, tree, public URL, and root ID.
14312	Converts JSON data to a notebook format based on the specified version.
14313	Converts Python code to a notebook format based on the specified version.
14314	Reads data from a string in specified format.
14315	Converts a notebook to a specified format (JSON, IPython Notebook, or Python).
14316	Writes formatted data to a file.
14317	Converts `.ipynb` files to metadata.
14318	Loads value from dictionary if key exists, otherwise resets.
14319	Checks if a name matches the criteria defined by `self.match`, `self.include`, and `self.exclude`.
14320	Determines if a class should be included in testing based on its name and class type.
14321	Determines if a directory should be included based on various conditions, including plugins' settings.
14322	This method checks if a file should be processed based on its name and configuration settings.
14323	Determines if a function should be included in a test based on its compatibility name, test declaration, and plugin preferences.
14324	Determines if a method should be collected based on its name, test status, and plugin preferences.
14325	Determines if a module is wanted based on its name and plugins.
14326	Reads a file and returns its lines.
14327	Prints lines from a file based on a list command.
14328	Summarizes the method to print lines from a file within a specified range, with color formatting and arrow indicators.
14329	`do_pdef` uses `self.shell.find_line_magic('pdef')(arg, namespaces=namespaces)` to display the definition of a function.
14330	Calculates the conversion factor between two currencies on a specific date.
14331	Convert currency value based on given symbol, factor, and date.
14332	Calculates the currency return between two dates using a specified rate.
14333	Returns the encoding of a stream or a default value if not available.
14334	Determines the default encoding for input streams.
14335	Writes a connection file to the specified path.
14336	Initializes heartbeat channel on specified port.
14337	Logs connection information with a critical level.
14338	Initializes a session with default security and sets the session configuration and username.
14339	Initializes output streams and display hook based on class names provided.
14340	Initializes a kernel instance with specified configuration and sockets.
14341	This code defines methods for initializing a connection, connecting to a URL, and possibly tunneling a connection.
14342	Registers with the controller at the specified URL, initializes a DEALER socket, sets its identity, connects to the URL, and sets up a ZMQStream to handle incoming messages.
14343	Convert HTML to plain text.
14344	Convert Markdown to plain text.
14345	Convert domain to fully qualified domain name.
14346	Adds options for excluding directories from test discovery.
14347	Configures the object with options and a configuration, loading excluded directories from a file if specified.
14348	Checks if a directory is excluded and logs a debug message if it is.
14349	Checks if a library is dynamically linked.
14350	Executes each function in the list with provided arguments and returns the result.
14351	Reverses a list of functions and applies them to the provided arguments.
14352	Appends a partial function to the list.
14353	Inserts a partial function into the list at the specified index.
14354	Formats usage message with optional description.
14355	Initializes the application by setting up the working directory and reinitializing the logging system.
14356	Creates a PID file for the server.
14357	Removes a PID file if it exists.
14358	This method reads a PID file, converts its content to an integer, and returns it. If the file is not found or the content is not a valid integer, it raises an exception.
14359	Constructs a parser for a magic function with optional arguments and documentation.
14360	Extracts the real name from a magic function by removing the 'magic_' prefix and returning the argument command name if available, otherwise returns the original name.
14361	Highlights a block of text based on a prompt.
14362	Updates highlighting state before and after calling superclass method.
14363	Updates the formatting of text within a specified range.
14364	Copies text from a widget to the clipboard if it has focus.
14365	Executes code in the kernel and emits an event if not hidden.
14366	Flush input splitter and reset highlighting on if not reading.
14367	The method checks if the cursor is in the input buffer and if there is a non-whitespace character before it, then it performs tab completion if the condition is met.
14368	Inserts a copy action before the paste action in the context menu.
14369	Filters console keypresses, interrupting kernel on Ctrl+C, restarting on Ctrl+., and removing four characters with Alt+Backspace if conditions are met.
14370	Inserts a specified number of spaces at the cursor position.
14371	Handles a complete reply by logging, retrieving cursor, requesting info, and updating cursor position with context.
14372	Generates a unique request ID, executes a silent expression, and stores the callback and request information.
14373	Handles execution of user expressions.
14374	Handles the execution reply from the kernel, processing the status and updating the frontend widget accordingly.
14375	Handles input requests, flushes SUB channel, and processes readline mode.
14376	Handle kernel death by logging and emitting a custom event if configured, otherwise prompt user to restart based on inactivity.
14377	Handles object information reply by logging, retrieving cursor, requesting info, and displaying call tip.
14378	Logs debug message with content from a message if not hidden and from this session.
14379	Handles incoming messages by logging, checking session, and appending text to the document.
14380	Handles shutdown or reset notifications, emits exit request, and prompts user to close or clear console.
14381	Executes a Python file with optional hidden mode.
14382	Interrupts the kernel if it exists.
14383	Resets the kernel state, optionally clearing the kernel and banner, and updates the output marker.
14384	Restarts the kernel based on user confirmation or custom restart settings.
14385	Decide if to show call tip based on cursor position and context.
14386	Completes the input buffer using the kernel's completion service.
14387	Handles error processing, setting kernel state based on exit request, and emitting an event.
14388	Processes each item in the payload, printing a warning if the item's source type is unknown.
14389	Calculates cursor position after change.
14390	Adds a plugin method to the plugins list.
14391	This method chains method calls with static arguments extracted from the input arguments.
14392	This method generates a sequence of results from plugins, handling exceptions and yielding failures.
14393	Iterate over plugins, apply each method, return the first non-None result.
14394	Configures plugins based on options and config.
14395	This method loads plugins from entry points and adds them to the plugin manager.
14396	Loads plugins from nose's builtin plugins.
14397	Convert LaTeX to PNG using specified backend.
14398	Convert LaTeX to HTML with optional alt text.
14399	Converts mathematical text to an image using matplotlib.
14400	Checks if the requirement exists and handles conflicts with existing distributions.
14401	This code processes a list of processes, removing those that are no longer running and adding new ones.
14402	Calculates CPU usage over a specified interval, handling both system-wide and per-cpu usage.
14403	Convert object attributes to dictionary.
14404	This method retrieves the process name from the platform implementation, truncating it to the first 15 characters if necessary, and returns the name if it matches the first part of the command line.
14405	The method `exe` attempts to determine the executable name from the command line arguments, handling cases where a native executable representation is not available. It first checks if the command line arguments are present and if the operating system supports access checks. If so, it attempts to guess the executable from the command line arguments. If the guess fails due to an `AccessDenied` exception, it falls back to a provided fallback value. If the fallback is also an `AccessDenied` exception, it raises the original exception. If the executable is not found, it attempts to guess the executable again using the fallback value.
14406	This method retrieves child processes of the current process, optionally recursively.
14407	Calculates CPU usage over a specified interval.
14408	Calculates memory usage percentage based on RSS and total physical memory.
14409	This method retrieves memory maps from a platform implementation, grouping them if specified, and returns a list of mapped objects.
14410	Checks if the process is still running based on its creation time.
14411	Suspend the process if it's running.
14412	Resumes the process if it is running.
14413	Kills the process if it is not running.
14414	Wait for a specified timeout.
14415	This method hijacks GTK, sets up a timeout, and returns False.
14416	```python
def hijack_gtk(self):
    orig_main, orig_main_quit = gtk.main, gtk.main_quit
    gtk.main = dummy
    gtk.main_quit = dummy
    return orig_main, orig_main_quit
```
14417	Checks if an identifier is shadowed in the current namespace.
14418	Initializes a list of transformers with specified configurations.
14419	Registers a transformer in the registry and sorts the transformers.
14420	Removes a transformer from the list if it exists.
14421	Initializes checkers with specified parameters.
14422	Registers a checker in the list and sorts the list.
14423	Removes a checker from the list of registered checkers.
14424	Initializes handlers and escape handlers for the shell.
14425	Registers a handler for a given name and a list of escape strings.
14426	Removes a handler from the registry and deletes associated escape handlers.
14427	`prefilter_line_info` processes `line_info` by finding a handler and handling it.
14428	The method iterates over checkers, checks if they are enabled, and returns the first enabled checker's handler for the given line information. If no enabled checker is found, it returns the handler for the 'normal' checker.
14429	Transforms each line using enabled transformers.
14430	This method processes a line, applies transformations, and returns the prefiltered line.
14431	Filters lines, handling multiline input and continuation prompts.
14432	This method checks if the user-defined function is an IPyAutocall object and sets its IP attribute if so. It then returns the handler for the 'auto' prefilter.
14433	Checks if the first character of a line info object is either '!' or '!!', and returns the corresponding handler if it matches.
14434	This method checks if the last character of a line is a help command and returns the corresponding handler if it is, otherwise returns None.
14435	Checks if an alias is valid and returns the corresponding handler.
14436	Handles input line based on autoindent rules.
14437	Transforms line information by expanding aliases and prepending a system command.
14438	Handles magic commands by rewriting the line, setting the appropriate attributes, and passing the modified line to the magic handler.
14439	Generates a command to get the IPython magic for a given function and arguments.
14440	Handles line processing with auto-quote and paren rewriting based on shell settings.
14441	Handles line processing, compiling, and handling based on syntax errors.
14442	This method filters events in a `CallTipWidget` to hide the widget when the user presses Enter or Escape, and to stop the timer when the widget gains focus.
14443	`Stop the hide timer when entering an event.`
14444	Draws a panel tip label using a `QStylePainter`.
14445	Summarizes the method `show_call_info` in one line.
14446	The method attempts to display a call tip at the cursor position in a text editor widget, adjusting its position based on screen size and cursor bounds.
14447	The method checks if the cursor position is within the start position and hides the widget if true, otherwise it finds the position of the first parenthesis after the start position and hides the widget if found.
14448	Creates a property that accesses a nested attribute of an object.
14449	Convert relative path to absolute path.
14450	Validates an instance against a schema, raising an exception with a formatted error message.
14451	Returns the masked dictionary if it exists, otherwise creates and returns a new one.
14452	Checks if a no-global-site-packages.txt file exists in the site-packages directory of the current virtual environment.
14453	This function calculates the frequency of words in a set of files based on their filenames.
14454	Decorator that wraps a view with a decorator function.
14455	Defines default aliases for a Unix-like system.
14456	Defines an alias with error handling.
14457	Defines an alias in the alias table.
14458	Validates an alias command, raising an error if the name is a keyword or builtin, the command is not a string, or the command contains both `%s` and `%l` specifiers.
14459	Executes a command using the shell, handling exceptions.
14460	Transforms an alias with optional arguments and special handling for `%l`.
14461	Expands aliases recursively.
14462	Generates an autodoc node from the parser's help output.
14463	Resets the style attributes of the text object.
14464	This method splits a string into substrings based on ANSI or special characters, handling various actions such as beep, carriage return, backspace, newline, and CSI/OSC codes.
14465	This method returns a QColor object based on the input color and intensity, adjusting the color if necessary.
14466	This method returns a `QTextCharFormat` object with foreground, background, font weight, style, and underline properties set based on the instance's attributes.
14467	Generates a JWT token with specified payload and expiration time.
14468	Decorator that acquires a lock before calling the function and releases it after.
14469	Deletes expired JWTs from a dictionary based on their age.
14470	Checks if a token is already used, otherwise records its usage.
14471	This method validates a JWT token by decoding it with a secret, checking for expiration, and ensuring it hasn't been used before.
14472	Creates a semaphore object with the specified count and bounded behavior.
14473	This function finds the common prefix of a list of strings by first finding the common prefix of the first and last strings, then reversing the process to find the common prefix of the reversed strings.
14474	This method handles various events in a console widget, including key presses, mouse button releases, resize events, shortcut overrides, drag and drop events, and scrolling of a vertical split pager.
14475	Calculates the size hint for a widget based on its font, margins, and style.
14476	Checks if there is a selection in the text cursor and if the selected text is within the buffer.
14477	Checks if text can be pasted from the clipboard.
14478	Clears the control and shows the prompt if not keeping input.
14479	Removes selected text if the cursor can cut.
14480	Executes the source code with optional hidden and interactive options.
14481	Retrieves input buffer from cursor, stripping continuation prompts.
14482	Stores input text for later execution, removes old text, inserts new text with continuation prompts, and moves cursor to end.
14483	Sets font metrics, tab stop width, completion widget font, document font, and page control font.
14484	Inserts text from the clipboard into the control, ensuring it's safe and formatted.
14485	Prints the control with a printer dialog if one is provided, otherwise uses the default printer.
14486	Moves cursor to top if not executing.
14487	Resets the font of the widget based on the operating system and sets the font size and style hint.
14488	Inserts content at the specified position in the text cursor, adjusting prompt position if necessary.
14489	Appends HTML to the document with an optional prompt.
14490	Appends HTML fetching and plain text to the document.
14491	Appends plain text to the document.
14492	Clears the temporary buffer by removing all text below the input buffer, handling the end of the input buffer and undo/redo history.
14493	This method completes the text cursor with items, handling single and multiple items, and inserting a common prefix if applicable.
14494	Fills the temporary buffer with text and updates the cursor position.
14495	Determines if the control key is pressed based on modifiers.
14496	Creates a text control based on the specified kind and sets up event filters and signals.
14497	Creates a text control based on the page control type.
14498	Handles page navigation keys in a text editor control.
14499	Extracts plain text from a block in a QTextCursor.
14500	Returns the end cursor of the text control.
14501	Returns the column number of the cursor in the input buffer, excluding the prompt.
14502	Extracts the text from the current cursor position in the input buffer, excluding the prompt.
14503	Returns a cursor positioned at the prompt position.
14504	Returns a cursor positioned at the specified start and end positions within the text control.
14505	Insert continuation prompt based on HTML or plain text.
14506	Resets document style state to prevent unwanted formatting after inserting HTML.
14507	Inserts HTML into a cursor, preserving the original text.
14508	This method processes ANSI escape sequences to insert text into a cursor position, handling various actions like screen erase, scrolling, and character manipulation.
14509	Moves cursor to end of text buffer if not already in buffer.
14510	Clears temporary buffer if filled, otherwise resets input buffer.
14511	This method handles page rendering in a GUI application, adjusting the page size based on the text content and the viewport height. It checks if the text exceeds the viewport height and performs different actions based on the paging mode.
14512	Disable maximum block count, enable undo/redo, disable read-only, enable input method, handle input buffer changes.
14513	Reads a line from the widget, handling visibility and callbacks.
14514	Sets the continuation prompt based on whether HTML is enabled.
14515	Sets the top cursor position of the control's vertical scrollbar to the maximum value, then restores the original cursor position.
14516	Inserts a prompt at the current cursor position, handling newline and HTML formatting.
14517	Adjusts scrollbars for a text control based on document size and viewport height.
14518	This Python script processes a list of paths, retrieves metadata for each, and formats it according to specified options.
14519	Copies a configuration file to a specified path, overwriting if necessary.
14520	Creates a profile directory by name in the specified path.
14521	This method searches for a profile directory by name in a specified directory or the current working directory, returning the location of the profile directory if found or raising an error if not found.
14522	Convert a comparison function to a key function.
14523	Reads a file and returns its content.
14524	This function reads lines from the user, handling multi-line input and returning a list of lines.
14525	Creates a temporary Python file with the given source code and returns the file name and file object.
14526	Closes the file, flushes the stream, and sets the closed flag.
14527	Writes data to the file and the output stream.
14528	Adds a new heart handler to the system.
14529	Adds a new heart failure handler to the system.
14530	Handles incoming heartbeat messages, updating response set and logging warnings for missed or old heartbeats.
14531	This function takes a sequence, a batch size, and optional parameters for randomization and modulo, then returns a list of batches.
14532	Converts a path to a filename and directory.
14533	Iterates through directories and files, yielding matching paths.
14534	This function calculates and prints the progress and estimated time remaining based on the elapsed time, display amount, and number of loops.
14535	Convert time units based on elapsed and average times.
14536	Extracts Wininst configuration from a binary file.
14537	Uncache a directory using `zipimport` and `sys.path_importer_cache`.
14538	Convert string to quoted format with escaping.
14539	This method checks for conflicts in a distribution by examining the top-level modules and their extensions. It uses the `find_module` function to locate modules and checks if they are blocked or not. If a module is blocked, it is added to a list of blockers. If a module is not blocked, it is checked for extensions and added to the blockers list if it is a Python file and not a site module. If blockers are found, the method returns the distribution object.
14540	This method sets fetch options for an easy_install distribution and writes them to a setup.cfg file.
14541	Creates a home path based on user configuration.
14542	Checks if a file is an archive by comparing its extension against a list of known archive formats.
14543	Transforms an object into a proxy that delegates attribute access to the original object.
14544	The `readonly` function creates a read-only proxy for an object, raising an `AttributeError` if an attempt is made to set a value.
14545	Creates a new heading cell with specified properties.
14546	Creates a new NotebookNode object with specified metadata fields.
14547	Creates a new NotebookNode with optional attributes.
14548	Checks if the given path is a writable directory.
14549	Removes quotes from a filename if it's a Windows platform.
14550	This function expands a user path, unquotes a filename, appends a `.py` extension if necessary, and checks if the file exists. If not, it raises an IOError.
14551	Search for a file in a given path or directory, handling absolute paths and returning the absolute path if found.
14552	This function retrieves the home directory for the current user, handling both Python 2 and Python 3 environments, and optionally checking for write permissions.
14553	This function retrieves the XDG configuration directory based on the operating system and environment variables.
14554	This function determines the IPython directory by checking environment variables, XDG_CONFIG_HOME, and HOME, and creating a temporary directory if necessary.
14555	Returns the directory of the IPython package.
14556	Returns the path to the specified IPython module.
14557	This function checks if a target file is outdated compared to its dependencies. It returns 1 if any dependency is newer than the target, otherwise 0.
14558	Calculates the MD5 hash of a file.
14559	The function `check_for_old_config` checks for and removes old IPython configuration files in a specified directory, warning the user if any are found and suggesting the use of the new configuration system.
14560	This method updates a dictionary of viewed objects for a user based on their visits to a specific object.
14561	Filters `ObjectViewDictionary` objects based on the given `object` and `size`, returning the top `size` entries sorted by visits in descending order.
14562	Returns suggestions for an object based on its content type and visits.
14563	Returns the relative path from the current working directory to the object.
14564	Converts a pattern to a class and returns a list of instances created from globbing.
14565	Reads lines from a file or string, handling encoding and errors.
14566	Reads a file in binary mode, calculates its MD5 hash, and returns the hash digest.
14567	The method `begin` checks if the file is available, creates a profile if not, and sets the profile.
14568	This method prints a profiler report to a specified stream, handling stream compatibility between Python 2.4 and 2.5.
14569	Finalizes the result by closing the profile and cleaning up files if necessary.
14570	Handles heartbeats at a specified frequency.
14571	Enables wxPython for the application, setting up input hook and initializing the GUI.
14572	Disables the wx application's event loop and clears the input hook.
14573	Disables the Qt4 application in the current environment.
14574	Enables GTK for the application.
14575	Enables a Tkinter GUI for the application.
14576	Enables Pyglet as the input hook for the application.
14577	Appends current time and wave amplitude to history lists.
14578	Initializes the database with tables for sessions, history, and output history.
14579	Executes SQL query and returns results.
14580	Fetches session information from the database based on the provided session number.
14581	This method retrieves the last `n` lines from a database, optionally including the latest line, and returns them in reverse order.
14582	Iterates over ranges in a string, yielding lines from the range.
14583	Generates the history SQLite file name based on the profile directory.
14584	Updates session remark with given name.
14585	Resets the session history and input/output buffers.
14586	Iterates over a range of input history lines, optionally filtering and outputting them.
14587	Store output in cache if not already present.
14588	This method writes input and output cache data to a database, handling session uniqueness and error handling.
14589	Sets `stop_now` to `True`, saves the flag, and joins the thread.
14590	Determines the number of CPUs by trying different methods, including `os.sysconf("SC_NPROCESSORS_ONLN")` and parsing `/proc/cpuinfo` and `/proc/stat`. If all methods fail, raises a `RuntimeError`.
14591	This function reads CPU statistics from `/proc/stat`, converts them into a list of `nt_sys_cputimes` objects, and returns the list.
14592	This function retrieves disk partitions from the `/proc/filesystems` file and filters them based on the filesystem type and whether they are physical devices.
14593	Returns a list of process IDs from the `/proc` directory.
14594	Convert a pair of numbers into a string representation.
14595	Formats lines based on statements.
14596	Convert stack trace to formatted string.
14597	Decorator to cache the result of a function call.
14598	Joins regexes with a pipe symbol if more than one, otherwise returns the single regex.
14599	Removes a file if it exists, raises an exception if the file does not exist.
14600	Updates the MD5 hash with the string representation of the type of the input value.
14601	Updates profiles by iterating through directories and profiles, logging and storing them.
14602	Starts a cluster with given profile and optional number of engines, handling status checks, stopping engines, and starting the cluster.
14603	This method stops a cluster by checking its status and stopping the controller and engine set launchers if they are running. It returns a temporary info dictionary with the profile details and status.
14604	This function searches for a command in the system's PATH environment variable, checking for executable files with common extensions (.exe, .com, .bat, .py). If the command is not found, it raises an OSError.
14605	This method reads and prints the standard output and standard error of a process, handling encoding issues and waiting for the process to finish.
14606	Filters code units based on include and omit patterns.
14607	Summarize the `report_files` method in one line.
14608	Decorates a function to raise exceptions if they are not caught.
14609	Sets a breakpoint in the current Python script.
14610	Decorator that limits function execution time.
14611	This method initializes IPython extensions by loading them from a list of default extensions and user-defined extensions. It logs the loading process and handles any errors that occur during the loading process.
14612	Initialize code execution, flush output, and hide variables.
14613	Runs code from IPythonApp.exec_lines, logging errors and warnings.
14614	Runs startup files from a specified directory.
14615	Runs files in IPythonApp.exec_files, logging debug and warning messages.
14616	Runs code from command line or file, logs errors, and shows traceback.
14617	This method sets up a shell environment to run a specified module with additional arguments, ensuring it behaves as if run directly from the command line.
14618	Decorators for method dispatch based on type or object.
14619	Search for a static file in a directory or package directory.
14620	Read file content and close it.
14621	Convert HTML special chars and spaces to HTML entities.
14622	This method initializes a report by reading status data, checking settings, updating settings hash, handling extra CSS, processing files, writing index file, and making local static report files.
14623	Copies static files and extra CSS to the specified directory.
14624	Writes HTML to a file.
14625	Calculates the hash of a file using a specified hasher and updates the coverage data.
14626	Generates HTML index with totals from files and writes to disk.
14627	Reads a status file from a directory, checks its format and version against expected values, and sets the files and settings accordingly.
14628	Writes a status file in the specified directory using pickle.
14629	Compares two lists in-place or returns True if they are equal.
14630	`get_slice(seq, start=0, stop=None, step=1)` returns a map object that yields elements from `seq` starting at `start` and ending at `stop` (exclusive), stepping by `step`.
14631	`chop(seq, size)` divides a sequence into chunks of a specified size.
14632	Read configuration file and modify global state if necessary.
14633	Reads the `MANIFEST.in` file and adds its contents to the global `IGNORE` and `IGNORE_REGEXPS` lists.
14634	Convert a pattern to a regular expression.
14635	Checks if a filename matches any pattern in a list.
14636	This function retrieves versioned files from a Git repository using the `git ls-files` command, handling different platforms by setting the encoding accordingly.
14637	Starts a kernel with specified configuration and channels.
14638	Shuts down a kernel and removes it from the list.
14639	Kills a kernel by its ID and removes it from the internal dictionary.
14640	Retrieves a kernel by its ID from a dictionary, raising a KeyError if not found.
14641	Returns a dictionary containing kernel ports for a given kernel ID.
14642	Finds the notebook ID for a given kernel ID.
14643	Starts a kernel for a notebook, setting the kernel ID and logging the start and arguments.
14644	Shuts down a kernel, logs the shutdown, and deletes the mapping.
14645	Interrupts a kernel with the given ID.
14646	Restarts a kernel, logs the event, and updates the notebook association.
14647	Creates an IOPub stream for a given kernel ID.
14648	Creates a shell stream for a given kernel ID.
14649	Creates a heartbeat stream for a given kernel ID.
14650	Resets OneTimeProperty attributes by removing them from the instance dictionary.
14651	This function writes HTML content to a file, optionally including an image tag, and handles file operations and image processing.
14652	This function writes an XHTML file from an HTML string, optionally replacing image tags with a custom function.
14653	Converts a Unicode string to UTF-8 if necessary.
14654	Fixes HTML by adding a UTF-8 declaration and replacing empty paragraph tags with line breaks.
14655	This method exports a document to a file, handling both HTML and PNG images, and provides options for inline or external image export.
14656	This function attempts to retrieve a unique object from a model based on the provided arguments. If the object does not exist, it returns `None`. If multiple objects are found, it also returns `None`.
14657	Constructs a query to search for terms in specified fields using Django's Q objects.
14658	Constructs a query based on inclusion and exclusion terms from a given query string and search fields.
14659	Constructs a Django query to filter records where a specified date field is greater than or equal to a given number of days ago.
14660	Constructs a query to filter records where a specified date field is less than or equal to a future date.
14661	Combines null and blank queries for a field.
14662	Convert case-insensitive fields in a dictionary to exact matches.
14663	Adds options to a parser for running tests with specific attributes.
14664	Validates attributes based on method and class, ensuring they match specified conditions.
14665	Determines if a method is valid based on its class.
14666	Rotates the text in the text edit by moving the cursor to the left and inserting the previous yank text.
14667	Fix missing DEALER/ROUTER aliases in pyzmq < 2.1.9 and install tornado.ioloop.IOLoop if not available.
14668	This function parses a WSDL schema and extracts the version number, handling exceptions and returning a parser object and the version.
14669	Generates WebSocket URL from request protocol and host.
14670	Reserialize message headers and remove date fields.
14671	Injects a cookie message into the request's cookies.
14672	Start heartbeat loop, send ping, flush stream, handle callback, stop heartbeat, add periodic callback, add timeout.
14673	Start HB periodic callback if beating and stream is open.
14674	Stops heartbeat and closes stream if not closed.
14675	Read data from source and parse into blocks if available.
14676	This method retrieves an index from a block, handling cases where the index is `None` and the demo is finished.
14677	This method sets the block index based on the given index, handling negative indices by wrapping around to the end of the blocks.
14678	Edit source block at given index, updating source and colored blocks.
14679	Prints a block with a title and remaining blocks.
14680	Prints all blocks with marquee and silent blocks.
14681	This function takes a collection, a method, and optional parameters, runs the method on each item in the collection, and returns the results.
14682	This function divides a collection into batches, applies a method to each batch, and returns the results.
14683	This function creates a thread pool, applies a function to a list of sequences in parallel, and returns the results.
14684	This function runs a parallel process on a collection using multiple processes, applying a given method to each element with optional arguments. It measures the time taken for the process to complete.
14685	Wraps a function with a context manager.
14686	This function wraps a method to allow access to its attributes.
14687	Summarizes the code method to find and return a specified number of lines around the current line in a traceback.
14688	This function identifies lines around a given position in a list of lines, considering indentation and specific patterns.
14689	This function generates a countdown HTML element with optional progress bar and percentage display.
14690	Cleanup engines, controller, and kill.
14691	Checks if the condition is met and returns a step result accordingly.
14692	Sets the ignore state of the result object based on the configuration.
14693	Saves message IDs from a client history to the current history and updates the outstanding set.
14694	Synchronizes results by updating outstanding balances based on client's outstanding balances.
14695	This method takes a function `f`, an object `self`, and any additional arguments, calls `f` with these arguments, and then calls `self.spin()`.
14696	Collect messages from a queue until it's empty.
14697	Retrieves a message from the queue with optional blocking and timeout settings.
14698	This Python decorator provides a flexible way to add properties to a class, allowing for getter, setter, and deleter methods.
14699	Returns a tuple of properties for the given fields.
14700	This function parses a URL into a dictionary with various configuration parameters.
14701	This function lists all modules and packages in a given directory, handling both Python 2 and Python 3.
14702	This function retrieves and caches the list of root modules in an IPython environment, handling timeouts and caching logic.
14703	The code defines a method `quick_completer` that takes a command and a list of completions as input. If the list of completions is a string, it splits it into a list. The method then defines a method `do_complete` that returns the list of completions. The method also sets up a hook for completing commands in the IPython environment.
14704	This function checks if a line starts with 'from' or 'import' and returns a list of possible completions based on the module name.
14705	This method completes file paths based on user input, filtering and expanding user-defined paths.
14706	This method completes file paths and bookmarks based on user input.
14707	Converts a string to a safe XML attribute value.
14708	Configures the plugin with options and config, initializes stats, error list, and error report file.
14709	This method writes an XML report of test results to a file, including encoding, total tests, errors, failures, and skipped tests. It also writes the error list to the file and closes the file. If verbosity is greater than 1, it prints a separator line and the name of the XML file.
14710	This method appends an error or skipped test case to a list, capturing details such as the test class, name, time taken, type of error, error message, and traceback.
14711	Adds a failure to the test statistics and logs it in the errorlist.
14712	Adds a success test case to the statistics and appends it to the error list.
14713	Selects two random indices from a list and returns the smaller one.
14714	This code implements a weighted random selection algorithm.
14715	Registers a new engine with the specified ID, initializes sets, and rescans the graph.
14716	Unregister an engine, flush the engine stream, and handle any completed tasks.
14717	Handles stranded tasks by dispatching error replies and updating completed/failed lists.
14718	This method processes a submission, ensuring targets are up to date, deserializes the message, and sends it to a monitor. It handles dependencies, timeouts, and job scheduling.
14719	Audit timeouts by checking job timeouts against current time.
14720	This method handles the failure of a message by removing it from the graph, updating the session, and logging the error.
14721	This method checks if a job can be run based on various conditions and submits it if it can.
14722	Tracks dependencies for jobs.
14723	This method submits a task to an engine, updates the load, and notifies the hub.
14724	Dispatches a result, handling retries and dependencies.
14725	Handles result by sending to client, updating data structures, and updating graph.
14726	Handles unmet dependencies by updating the job blacklist and dependency tree.
14727	Updates the graph by removing jobs that depend on a given dependency job and checking for time dependencies.
14728	Initializes logging with specified parameters.
14729	Logs the current state of the logging system.
14730	Logs line based on `log_raw_input` flag.
14731	Logs data with optional timestamp and output to file.
14732	Closes the log file if it exists, sets it to `None`, and sets `log_active` to `False`.
14733	Creates a new worksheet with optional name and cells.
14734	Adds an object to a command chain associated with a string.
14735	Adds an object to a command chain based on a regular expression.
14736	Iterates over strings and regexes, yielding matching objects.
14737	Iterates over dispatch values, yields values from each, ignoring priorities.
14738	Checks if the new notebook directory exists and is a directory, creating it if necessary.
14739	This method lists notebooks, extracts their names, maps them to IDs, sorts them, and returns the list.
14740	Generates a unique notebook ID for a given name.
14741	Deletes a notebook ID and its corresponding name and reverse mapping.
14742	Checks if a notebook exists based on its ID.
14743	Finds a path by notebook ID, raising a 404 error if the notebook does not exist.
14744	Returns the full path to a file based on the given name and the notebook directory.
14745	This method retrieves a notebook object, formats it, and returns the last modified time, name, and data.
14746	This method retrieves a notebook object from a specified path, handling file existence and JSON parsing errors.
14747	Saves a new notebook from data, handling errors and metadata.
14748	Saves a notebook object to the server with the specified format and name.
14749	Saves a notebook object to a specified path, handling errors and renaming if necessary.
14750	Deletes a notebook file from the filesystem.
14751	Creates a new notebook with specified metadata and writes it to a file.
14752	Copies a notebook, renames it, and saves it.
14753	This function processes a list of tokens, injecting a backslash token at the beginning of each new line in multiline strings.
14754	This code processes source code lines, identifying and formatting whitespace, keywords, and other tokens.
14755	Loads default configuration from a file or creates a new one if not found.
14756	Returns a list of default classes for the interactive shell.
14757	This method parses command-line arguments for a terminal-based IPython application, handling deprecated `-pylab` flag and transforming it into the current syntax.
14758	Initialize terminal IPython application with optional arguments, check for old configuration, set file to run, initialize path, shell, banner, GUI, extensions, and code.
14759	Creates an InteractiveShell instance with specific configurations.
14760	Initialize banner with space below and log if level is INFO.
14761	Convert object to string representation, handling old-style classes.
14762	Convert input name to list of strings.
14763	This method sets a default value for a trait in a class, checking for a deferred initializer in the same class or above. If not found, it performs static initialization.
14764	Adds or removes trait change handlers based on the provided name and remove flag.
14765	This function extracts traits from a class and applies metadata to them.
14766	This method retrieves metadata for a specified trait from an object's class.
14767	Validates an object against a class, returning the object if valid or raising an error if not.
14768	Returns the default value based on the type of `dv`.
14769	Checks if the set is a subset of another set or disjoint from it based on the provided conditions.
14770	This method checks if the set `self` is disjoint with a given set `against`.
14771	Convert object to dictionary.
14772	Calculates the depth of a node in a tree.
14773	Prints a binary tree in a formatted manner.
14774	The function `disambiguate_dns_url` takes a URL and a location as input. If the location does not match the IP pattern, it retrieves the IP address of the location using `socket.gethostbyname`. It then recursively calls itself with the updated URL and location.
14775	`allreduce` is a method that performs a reduction operation across all processes in a distributed computing environment, aggregating the results into a single value.
14776	Validates and returns a list of engine IDs based on the provided targets.
14777	Dispatches traffic monitoring based on the message's topic.
14778	Dispatches a query message, handles exceptions, and sends an error response if necessary.
14779	Handles new heartbeats, logs them, and finishes registration if necessary.
14780	Handles heart failure by unregistering engines.
14781	This method saves a task request to a database, handling potential conflicts and errors.
14782	This method saves a task result to the database, updating the task's status and removing it from the pending list if it's completed.
14783	This method saves an IOPub message to a database, handling various types of messages such as stream, pyerr, pyin, display_data, pyout, and status. It ensures that the message ID is in the database and updates the record with the message content.
14784	Handles client connection, updates session with client info, and sends connection reply.
14785	Registers a new engine, creates sockets, and handles registration responses.
14786	Unregisters an engine, logs the unregistration, adds the engine's UUID to the dead engines set, and schedules a delayed callback to handle stranded messages.
14787	Registers a new engine with the given details and handles cleanup if necessary.
14788	The method sends shutdown requests to the session and notifies other clients, then schedules a shutdown after 1 second.
14789	This method purges records from a database based on a message content and engine IDs, handling exceptions and errors gracefully.
14790	Extracts record content and buffers into a dictionary.
14791	This method processes a message, retrieves records from a database, and sends a reply with results.
14792	This method retrieves the history of messages for a given client ID and sends a response back to the client.
14793	This method processes a database query, extracts buffers, and returns the result in a structured format.
14794	Changes current working directory to `newdir` and yields control back to caller.
14795	Decodes command output and handles different encoding issues.
14796	Runs a command under root privileges, capturing output and errors.
14797	Executes a command under R root and returns the decoded output.
14798	Dispatches a message based on its type.
14799	Checks if a message is intended for the current session.
14800	Summarize the `report` method in one line.
14801	This method generates a coverage report for a Python file by analyzing its statements, missing lines, and excluded lines. It writes the report to a file in the specified directory or in the same directory as the source file.
14802	This function retrieves the installed version of a specified package using `apt-cache policy`.
14803	Converts a dictionary, list, or string to UTF-8 encoding.
14804	Extracts header from message or header dictionary.
14805	This method checks and processes messages using serialization and deserialization functions, ensuring they are in bytes and handle datetime support.
14806	This method constructs a message dictionary with various fields including header, message ID, message type, parent header, and content.
14807	Convert a list of messages to a hexadecimal digest using the authentication key.
14808	Serializes a message into a list of bytes, including header, parent header, content, and signature.
14809	Sends a message over a ZMQ stream, handling buffers and tracking.
14810	Sends a raw message over a stream with optional identification and flags.
14811	Handles receiving messages from a ZMQStream, converting them into a list of identities and a message dictionary, and returning them.
14812	This method takes a list of messages and returns a list of identities and the remaining messages.
14813	Unserialize a message from a list of bytes, validating its signature and content.
14814	Saves a string to a file with a specified name and extension.
14815	Convert SVG string to clipboard.
14816	Convert SVG string to image.
14817	Creates a dictionary from keyword arguments, filling missing values with `None`.
14818	This function attempts to retrieve the documentation string of an object, handling exceptions and returning a cleaned version if available.
14819	Extracts source code of an object, handling decorators and class instances.
14820	Extracts argument specifications from a callable object.
14821	This function takes an object's information and returns a tuple containing the call line and its docstring.
14822	The function `find_file` retrieves the absolute file path of an object, handling cases where the object might be decorated with a custom decorator or be a built-in type.
14823	Extracts source line number from decorated or class object.
14824	Convert function arguments to a string.
14825	Returns a formatted string combining the active header and normal colors with the input string `h`.
14826	Prints a message indicating that a specific item is not found, optionally with a name.
14827	Summarizes the method `pdef` in Python, which checks if an object is callable and prints its constructor information if it is a class or instance.
14828	Generates documentation for a class, including constructor, calling, and class docstrings.
14829	Flush source cache and format source code.
14830	Prints the contents of a file using a pager, starting at the line where the object is defined, if the file is not binary and exists on the filesystem.
14831	Formats fields with headers and line breaks.
14832	Summarize the code method in one line: Displays information about an object or class, including base class, namespace, source, docstring, and constructor details.
14833	Searches namespaces for patterns, updates search result, and prints sorted results.
14834	Start a Twisted reactor in a separate thread.
14835	This function `deferred` is a decorator that wraps a test function to handle deferred execution and error handling in a Twisted environment.
14836	This function finds the best string match in a corpus by scanning it in steps and adjusting positions based on the similarity of the query to the substrings.
14837	Convert XML element to string with optional pretty printing and XML declaration.
14838	Convert data to XML format
14839	This function loads all modules in a given package or set of packages, handling both single modules and iterables of modules. It iterates over the packages, checks for the presence of a `__path__` attribute, and recursively loads all sub-packages. The function also handles cases where simply importing a module doesn't execute all the code/definitions within the module.
14840	Inverts a dictionary by splitting string values and mapping them to keys.
14841	This method merges data from a dictionary into an object, handling conflicts using specified policies.
14842	Converts an object to a primitive type or list of primitives.
14843	This method formats a string by writing it to a StringIO object, handling different output formats and error conditions.
14844	Returns a list of figures based on the input figure numbers.
14845	Convert a matplotlib figure to a byte string.
14846	Wraps `execfile` with matplotlib safety checks and interactive rendering control.
14847	Sets the figure format for the backend inline.
14848	The function `find_gui_and_backend` determines the appropriate GUI backend for IPython based on the requested GUI type.
14849	Activates matplotlib with the specified backend, setting interactive mode and ensuring proper initialization.
14850	Configures inline support for a shell using IPython's backend.
14851	Activates matplotlib in the given Python environment.
14852	Traces function calls, lines, and exceptions in a Python program.
14853	Starts a new thread and sets a trace function.
14854	Stops the tracer on the current thread if it's different from the one that started it.
14855	Start tracing with a tracer object initialized from the trace class, setting its data, arcs, should_trace, should_trace_cache, and warn methods, and appending it to the list of tracers.
14856	Removes the current trace function, installs a new one, and returns it.
14857	Starts the collector and installs the tracer on the current thread.
14858	Removes the current collector from the stack and resumes the next one if available.
14859	This method pauses all tracers, retrieves their statistics, and prints them.
14860	Start tracing with each tracer and set the installation trace.
14861	This method returns line data if the branch is being measured, otherwise it returns the original data.
14862	Collects exceptions from a dictionary or list, flattening CompositeError instances.
14863	Generates a traceback string from a list of engine entries.
14864	Starts coverage analysis with the specified configuration file.
14865	Returns the directory part of a file path.
14866	Convert filename to .py if it ends with .py or .py.class
14867	This method checks if a filename should be traced based on various conditions, including whether it's a real file, whether it's a compiled Python file, and whether it's in the Python standard library or covered by coverage.py.
14868	Determines if a file should be traced based on the debug settings.
14869	Appends a warning message to the `_warnings` list and writes it to `sys.stderr`.
14870	This method checks for imported packages in a list and adds their source files to a list.
14871	Starts the collector with the specified data suffix, loads data if auto data is enabled, and sets up matchers based on source, cover directory, Python library directories, include, and omit patterns. It also writes configuration and system information to the debug log if debugging is enabled.
14872	Stops the process if started and saves data if auto_data is enabled.
14873	Appends a regex to the specified list and updates the stale regex cache.
14874	Exclude regex based on which.
14875	Saves data with a unique suffix based on hostname, test name, PID, and random number.
14876	Combines paths and adds patterns to an alias object, then combines data with the alias.
14877	This method collects data from a collector, adds it to a data object, and handles warnings about missing imports and unexecuted files.
14878	Analyzes morf data and returns four values.
14879	`Returns a tuple containing the filename, sorted statements, sorted excluded, sorted missing, and formatted missing statements from the analysis object.`
14880	Analyzes code units.
14881	Summarizes data, config, and reports using a reporter.
14882	Annotates data with specified options.
14883	Generates an HTML report from harvested data.
14884	This method generates an XML report from the provided data, handling various options like ignoring errors, omitting specific data, including specific data, and writing the report to a file.
14885	Displays objects using IPython's display system with specified formatting options.
14886	Displays HTML content from objects, optionally raw.
14887	Displays SVGs in a raw format or as plain text and image SVG+xml.
14888	Displays PNG images from a list of objects.
14889	Displays JPEG images from a list of objects, optionally raw.
14890	Displays LaTeX content in a document.
14891	Displays JSON objects in plain text or as JSON.
14892	Displays JavaScript objects in a raw format or as plain text and JavaScript.
14893	Reloads data from a file or URL, decoding it if necessary.
14894	Finds the path of a command using `which` and returns it as a string.
14895	This method uses pexpect to execute a command and capture its output, handling timeouts and EOF gracefully.
14896	Start a forwarder thread to read events from a file descriptor.
14897	This method reads lines from a file, sends them over a socket, and closes the file and socket.
14898	This function imports a class from a specified module or class name, handling cases where the class name might not be fully qualified.
14899	This method attempts to stop a cluster by sending a signal to its process ID (PID) and handling potential errors.
14900	Builds a launcher instance based on the given class name and kind.
14901	Starts an IPython cluster with logging and daemonization.
14902	Starts an IPython cluster daemon, logging and daemonizing, with optional controller and engine start delays.
14903	Creates a wxPython application instance.
14904	Checks if the wxPython event loop is running.
14905	Starts the event loop for a wxPython application.
14906	Creates a QApplication instance if it doesn't already exist.
14907	Checks if the event loop is running in a Qt4 application.
14908	Starts the event loop for a Qt application.
14909	Creates a blank canvas with specified dimensions and returns it as a `Canvas` object.
14910	Draws a cross on a 2D array at the specified position with the given color and radius.
14911	Draws a line between two points with a specified color.
14912	Draw text with specified color, size, and antialiasing.
14913	Convert grayscale image to RGB image.
14914	Generates a UUID of specified length and version.
14915	Generates a unique cache key from a dictionary using the site's domain and a URL-encoded dictionary.
14916	Extracts the domain from a URL.
14917	Extracts query parameters from a URL.
