0	Converts XML data to a list of URLs.
1	Downloads Dailymotion videos by URL.
2	Downloads Sina videos by URL.
3	Formats text with specified ANSI escape codes.
4	Print a log message to standard error.
5	Print an error log message and exit the program if an exit code is provided.
6	Exit the program with a warning message in red and bold font, and optionally specify an exit code.
7	returns cygwin mac linux wsl windows bsd
8	Download videos from a Vimeo channel by URL.
9	Parse XML content to extract video information for CKPlayer API.
10	Splice URLs according to video ID to get video details, ensuring the parameter `s` is non-negative.
11	Gather real URLs from a given URL and calculate the size of segments.
12	Converts a string to a valid filename by removing restricted characters and normalizing the format based on the operating system.
13	Downloads CBS videos by URL.
14	Downloads a stream or all available streams and optionally saves subtitles.
15	Downloads an Acfun video by video ID and handles different sources using their respective extractors.
16	Returns a list of substrings in the given text that match any of the provided regex patterns.
17	Returns the value of a query parameter from a URL.
18	Sends a HTTP GET request to the specified URL and returns the response content as a string, optionally handling HTTP compression and decoding using UTF-8 or the charset specified in Content-Type.
19	Post a content to a URL via sending a HTTP POST request and return the response as a string.
20	Parses host name and port number from a string
21	Retrieve the room ID from a showroom URL key.
22	Method returns a proper title by concatenating course ID, topic ID, and part ID extracted from JSON content.
23	Downloads a whole course by iterating through each topic and part. Reuses API calls to save time.
24	Download ONE PART of the course by specifying the json_api_content, tIndex, and pIndex.
25	Checks if a task is either queued or running in this executor.
26	Return and flush the event buffer.
27	Returns a snowflake.connection object
28	Retrieves AWS credentials (access key ID and secret access key) from the connection object using the connection ID.
29	Fetches a field from extras, returning it or a default value if not found.
30	Sends SQL command to PostgreSQL server and copies data from table to a file and vice versa using psycopg2's copy_expert method. Checks if the specified file exists, creates an empty file if it doesn't exist.
31	Dumps a database table into a tab-delimited file
32	Uploads the file to Google cloud storage.
33	Gets the max partition for a Hive table based on the provided schema, table, metastore connection ID, filter map, and field.
34	Returns a MySQL connection object with the specified configuration. The connection parameters are determined from the given connection object and optional extra parameters. If the 'charset' parameter is 'utf8' or 'utf-8', the 'use_unicode' parameter is set to True. The 'cursorclass' parameter is set based on the value of the 'cursor' parameter. If the 'local_infile' parameter is True, the 'local_infile' parameter is set to 1. The 'ssl' parameter is set to a dictionary if it is provided. If the 'unix_socket' parameter is provided, it is set to the value of the 'unix_socket' parameter.
35	Returns the state of a TaskInstance at the command line.
36	Monitors the child processes of a Gunicorn master process and restarts workers as needed based on the number of ready and running workers. It uses a loop to continuously check the state of the workers and adjusts the number of workers by sending SIGTTIN and SIGTTOU signals to the master process.
37	Retrieves connection to Cloud Translate and returns a Google Cloud Translate client object.
38	Translate a string or list of strings to a specified target language using the Google Cloud Translation API.
39	Retrieves a Cloud SQL instance resource using the specified instance ID and project ID.
40	Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.
41	Updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance using the provided body and handles the asynchronous operation.
42	Deletes a Cloud SQL instance.
43	Retrieves a database resource from a Cloud SQL instance.
44	Creates a new database inside a Cloud SQL instance.
45	Updates and patches a database in a Cloud SQL instance using the provided parameters.
46	Deletes a database from a Cloud SQL instance.
47	Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance to a Cloud Storage bucket as a SQL dump or CSV file.
48	Starts Cloud SQL Proxy. If it is already running, it raises an exception. It runs the command to start the proxy and logs the output. If there is an error, it stops the proxy and raises an exception. If the proxy is ready, it returns.
49	Stops the running proxy, cleans up the socket directory, removes the downloaded proxy if necessary, and deletes a generated credentials file.
50	Get the version of the Cloud SQL Proxy by running a command and parsing the output.
51	Creates a connection in the Connection table using various connection methods and adds it to the session before committing.
52	Retrieves the dynamically created connection from the Connection table
53	Deletes the dynamically created connection from the Connection table.
54	Retrieve Cloud SQL Proxy runner. It is used to manage the proxy lifecycle per task.
55	Retrieve database hook based on the database type specified. Returns either a PostgresHook or MySqlHook.
56	Clean up database hook after it was used.
57	Reserve a free TCP port for Cloud SQL Proxy
58	Replaces invalid MLEngine job_id characters with '_' and adds a leading 'z' if the job_id starts with an invalid character.
59	Extracts error code from FTP exception.
60	Remove existing DAG runs for the perf test DAGs.
61	Remove any existing task instances for the perf test DAGs.
62	Toggle the pause state of the DAGs in the test.
63	Prints operational metrics for the scheduler test, including performance data for successful task instances and warnings for any task instances that haven't completed.
64	Override the scheduler heartbeat to determine when the test is complete
65	Invoke a Lambda function with the given payload.
66	Creates and returns operators for model evaluation, making predictions via Cloud ML Engine BatchPrediction API and summarizing/validating results using Cloud Dataflow.
67	Create the directory specified by path, creating intermediate directories as necessary. If the directory already exists, this is a no-op.
68	Convert a string to a numeric value if possible.
69	Make a naive datetime.datetime in a given time zone aware.
70	Make an aware datetime.datetime naive in a given time zone.
71	Call `datetime.datetime` with the timezone set to the default timezone if not specified
72	Establishes a connection to the Druid broker
73	Creates and returns an HTTP session with optional additional headers, using connection details if provided.
74	Perform the request
75	Checks the status code of a requests response and raises an AirflowException if the status code is not 2XX or 3XX. Logs the HTTP error and response text (excluding GET and HEAD requests) before raising the exception.
76	Grabs extra options like timeout and actually runs the request, checking for the result.
77	Contextmanager to create and teardown a session
78	Function decorator that provides a session if it isn't provided. If you want to reuse a session or run the function as part of a database transaction, you pass it to the function, if not this wrapper will create one and close it for you.
79	```sql
Clear out the database.
```
80	Helper function to parse a DatabaseError and provide a better error message
81	Get a set of records from Presto and handle database errors by raising a PrestoException with a pretty exception message.
82	Get a pandas dataframe from a sql query.
83	Execute the SQL statement against Presto.
84	Insert a set of tuples into a table at a specific position.
85	Returns Azure Cosmos DB client, initializing it if necessary
86	Checks if a collection exists in CosmosDB. Raises an error if the collection name is None.
87	Create a new collection in the CosmosDB database if it does not already exist.
88	Checks if a database exists in CosmosDB.
89	Create a new database in CosmosDB if it does not already exist.
90	Deletes an existing database in CosmosDB.
91	Deletes an existing collection in the CosmosDB database.
92	Inserts a list of documents into a CosmosDB collection
93	Delete an existing document from a collection in the CosmosDB database using the provided document ID, optionally specifying the database and collection names.
94	Get a document from an existing collection in the CosmosDB database
95	Get a list of documents from an existing collection in the CosmosDB database via SQL query.
96	Returns a Cloud Function object by name.
97	Creates a new function in Cloud Function in the specified location using the provided body and project ID.
98	Updates Cloud Functions specified by the update mask.
99	Uploads a zip file containing sources to a specified location in a Google Cloud Function.
100	Deletes the specified Cloud Function.
101	Wraps the _get_dep_statuses method with global checks for dependency evaluation.
102	Returns whether or not this dependency is met for a given task instance by checking if all dependency statuses are passing
103	Returns an iterable of strings that explain why this dependency wasn't met for the given task instance.
104	Parses a config file for s3 credentials.
105	Retrieve the underlying `botocore.Credentials` object, which contains access_key, secret_key, and token.
106	Returns a Vertica connection object
107	Ensure all logging output has been flushed.
108	Returns the path to a zip archive if the input path contains a folder with a .zip suffix; otherwise, returns the original path.
109	Traverse a directory and look for Python files, optionally including example DAGs or excluding files based on ignore patterns.
110	Construct a TaskInstance from the database based on the primary key, optionally locking it for update.
111	Launches the DagFileProcessorManager processor and starts the DAG parsing loop in the manager.
112	Send termination signal to DAG parsing processor manager and expect it to terminate all DAG file processors.
113	Exit gracefully upon receiving a signal.
114	Process the DAGs in parallel using multiple processes to achieve isolation and parallelism, and provide controlling parameters for process intervals and directory checking.
115	Repeatedly parse DAG files in a standalone loop until termination or completion.
116	A method that parses DAG files in a loop, controlled by a heartbeat signal from an agent. The loop runs once upon receiving the heartbeat and continues until termination or all files are processed. It refreshes the DAG directory, processes simple DAGs, prints statistics, and sends a signal when done.
117	Refresh file paths from dag dir if we haven't done it for too long.
118	Occasionally print statistics about file processing speed, updating the last print time if necessary.
119	Clears import errors for files that no longer exist.
120	Print out stats about how files are getting processed, including file path, PID, runtime, last runtime, and last run time.
121	Updates the file paths for DAG definition files and stops processors for deleted files.
122	Sleeps until all the processors are done.
123	Manage DAG processing by periodically calling the method to process DAG definition files, read results, and manage processor states.
124	Kills all child processes on exit to prevent them from becoming orphaned. Tries to terminate child processes using SIGTERM and waits for them to exit gracefully. If they do not terminate within a specified timeout, it proceeds to SIGKILL the processes.
125	Opens a SSH connection to the remote host.
126	Creates a periodic transfer job.
127	Gets the latest state of a long-running operation in Google Storage Transfer Service.
128	Lists long-running operations in Google Storage Transfer Service that match the specified filter.
129	Update a periodic transfer job with new details.
130	Deletes a transfer job with a soft delete, which becomes eligible for garbage collection 30 days after deletion.
131	Cancel a transfer operation in Google Storage Transfer Service
132	Pause an transfer operation in Google Storage Transfer Service.
133	Resumes a transfer operation in Google Storage Transfer Service.
134	Waits until the specified job reaches one of the expected statuses within a given timeout period.
135	Returns all task reschedules for the given task instance and try number, ordered by ID in ascending order.
136	Return the number of slots open at the moment
137	Runs command and returns stdout
138	Removes an option if it exists in the config from a file or default config, unless remove_default=False.
139	Converts the specified section from the config to a dictionary, converting values to int, float, bool as required.
140	Allocate IDs for incomplete keys.
141	This interface is used to begin a new transaction and returns a transaction handle.
142	Commit a transaction to Google Cloud Datastore.
143	Lookup some entities by key.
144	Rollbacks a transaction.
145	This function `run_query` is used to execute a query against Google Cloud Datastore using the provided body of the query request. It makes an API call to retrieve a batch of query results and returns this batch.
146	Get the latest state of a long-running operation
147	Deletes a long-running operation.
148	Polls backup operation state until it's completed. name the name of the operation resource polling_interval_in_seconds The number of seconds to wait before calling another request. returns a resource operation instance.
149	Concurrently export multiple entities from a Datastore on Google Cloud to a specified bucket.
150	Import a backup from Cloud Storage to Cloud Datastore using the Admin API.
151	Publish a message to a topic or an endpoint.
152	Fetch the hostname using a callable from the config or a fallback using `socket.getfqdn`.
153	Retrieves connection to Cloud Natural Language service.
154	Analyzes named entities in the text by extracting the entity names, types, salience, mentions, and other properties. It takes a document as input and returns the response from the analyze_entities method of the client.
155	Annotate a text document using the Google Cloud Language API with specified features, encoding type, retry settings, and metadata.
156	Classifies a document into categories.
157	Return a list of template fields for a specific operator class.
158	A role that allows you to include a list of template fields in the middle of the text. This is especially useful when writing guides describing how to use the operator. The result is a list of fields where each field is formatted in a literal block.
159	Properly close pooled database connections
160	Ensures that specific subfolders of AIRFLOW_HOME are included in the classpath.
161	Gets the returned Celery result from the Airflow task ID provided to the sensor, and returns True if the celery result has been finished execution.
162	Return true if the ticket cache contains "conf" information
163	Convert a SQLAlchemy model instance into a dictionary.
164	Yield successive chunks of a given size from a list of items.
165	Reduce a list of items by processing them in chunks using a reducer function.
166	Builds a dependency chain from a number of tasks.
167	Returns a pretty ascii table from tuples If namedtuple are used, the table will have headers
168	Generate the rendered log filename based on the task instance, try number, and filename template.
169	Returns a Google Cloud Dataproc service object using authorized HTTP object.
170	Awaits for Google Cloud Dataproc Operation to complete.
171	Coerces content or all values of content if it is a dict to a string, ensuring that the ``self.json`` field contains only string values.
172	Handles the Airflow + Databricks lifecycle logic for a Databricks operator, submits a run, and waits for it to complete.
173	Run an Pig script using the pig cli
174	Fetch and return the state of the given Celery task.
175	Determine the number of Celery tasks each worker process should send based on the total number of tasks to send and the sync parallelism. Returns the maximum of 1 and the ceiling of the division of to_send_count by _sync_parallelism.
176	Get the number of Celery tasks to be sent to each worker process.
177	This interface is used to set a default value for a key in a variable-based data structure, either by retrieving the current value or storing the default value if the key is not already present.
178	Returns a Google MLEngine service object.
179	Launches a MLEngine job and wait for it to reach a terminal state.
180	Retrieves an MLEngine job by project and job ID, handling rate limits and errors.
181	Waits for a job to reach a terminal state by periodically checking its state.
182	Creates a version on Google Cloud ML Engine and returns the operation.
183	Sets a version to be the default for a specified model in a project, blocking until the operation completes. If successful, logs and returns the response; otherwise, logs an error and raises it.
184	Lists all available versions of a model and blocks until finished
185	Deletes a specific version of a model asynchronously.
186	Creates a model in a specified project. Blocks until the creation is complete.
187	Gets a Model using project_id and model_name. Raises an error if model_name is not provided or is an empty string. Logs an error if the model is not found and returns None.
188	Writes batch items to a DynamoDB table with provisioned throughput capacity, handling exceptions and raising an AirflowException if the operation fails.
189	Integrate plugins to the context.
190	Factory that creates an executor instance if one doesn't exist and returns it.
191	Creates a new instance of the named executor. In case the executor name is not known in Airflow, it looks for it in the plugins.
192	Handles error callbacks when using Segment with segment_debug_mode set to True
193	Returns a mssql connection object
194	Trigger a DAG run with optional run ID, configuration, and execution date.
195	Delete all DB records related to the specified Dag.
196	Returns a JSON with a task's public instance variables.
197	Get all pools.
198	Create a pool and return it as a JSON response. If an exception occurs, log the error and return a JSON error response with the exception details.
199	Delete a pool and return its JSON representation or an error response if an exception occurs.
200	Create or update a container group
201	Get the state and exitcode of a container group
202	Get the event messages of a container group
203	Get the tail from logs of a container group.
204	Delete a container group by specifying the resource group and name.
205	Test if a container group exists
206	Decorator that fills unspecified arguments with default values from "default_args" and alerts missing arguments.
207	Builds an ingest query for an HDFS TSV load.
208	Check for message on subscribed channels and write to xcom the message with key ``message``. Return ``True`` if message (with type 'message') is available, otherwise ``False``.
209	Returns a set of dag runs for the given search criteria.
210	Returns the task instances for the givendag run, optionally filtering by state.
211	Returns the task instance specified by task_id for this dag run
212	The previous DagRun, if there is one.
213	Return the previous, SCHEDULED DagRun, if there is one.
214	Determines the overall state of the DagRun based on the state of its TaskInstances. Returns the state.
215	Verifies the DagRun by checking for removed tasks or tasks that are not in the database yet. It will set the state to removed or add the task if required.
216	This function `jenkins_request_with_headers` is designed to make a request to a Jenkins server and return both the response body and headers. It uses the `jenkins_request` method from the `python-jenkins` library. The function handles potential exceptions, such as HTTP errors (401, 403, 500, 404), timeout exceptions, and URLError exceptions, raising custom `JenkinsException`, `JenkinsTimeOutException`, or `NotFoundException` as needed.
217	Given a context, this function provides a dictionary of values that can be used to externally reconstruct relations between dags, dag_runs, tasks, and task_instances. It formats the variable names either in the default format (abc.def.ghi) or in the environment variable format (ABC_DEF_GHI) based on the `in_env_var_format` parameter.
218	This function decides whether or not to trigger the remote DAG based on the value of a condition parameter passed in the context. If the condition parameter is true, the function sets the payload of the dag_run_obj with a message from the context, prints the payload, and returns the dag_run_obj.
219	Sends a single datapoint metric to DataDog.
220	Queries Datadog for a specific metric, applying a function if specified, and returns the results.
221	Retrieve a DAG, refreshing it if necessary.
222	Marks zombie tasks as failed and updates their state in the database.
223	Adds a DAG to the bag and recursively processes its sub-DAGs, raising an AirflowDagCycleException if a cycle is detected.
224	Collects DAGs from a folder, processes them, and adds them to the dagbag collection.
225	Prints a report around DagBag loading stats
226	Add or subtract days from a YYYY-MM-DD date.
227	Converts a date string from the input format to the output format.
228	poke matching files in a directory with self.regex
229	Check if a non-empty directory contains files based on specified criteria.
230	Clears a set of task instances, ensuring running ones are killed and updating their states accordingly.
231	Return the try number for the task, incrementing if not currently running
232	### Example 2:
Outputs a shell command to execute a task instance based on the provided parameters.
233	Get the latest state from the database for a given task instance.
234	Forces the task instance's state to FAILED in the database.
235	Refreshes the task instance from the database based on the primary key.
236	Clears all XCom data from the database for the task instance
237	Returns a tuple that identifies the task instance uniquely.
238	Checks whether the dependents of this task instance have all succeeded.
239	Get datetime of the next retry if the task instance fails. For exponential backoff, retry_delay is used as base and will be converted to seconds. If retry_exponential_backoff is True, the delay is adjusted based on a deterministic hash value to account for retries. The final delay is clamped by the maximum allowable retry delay and added to the end_date to get the next retry datetime.
240	Checks if the task instance is in the correct state and timeframe to be retried.
241	Returns a boolean indicating whether the slot pool has room for the current task to run.
242	Returns the DagRun for this TaskInstance
243	Make an XCom available for tasks to pull.
244	Pulls XComs that optionally meet certain criteria based on task IDs, key, DAG ID, and date range.
245	Sets the log context and initializes it appropriately.
246	### Summary:
Close the local log file and upload it to remote storage (Wasb) when the logger is closed. Prevents uploading if the logger is already closed or if `upload_on_close` is not set.
247	Retrieves connection to Google Compute Engine.
248	Starts an existing Compute Engine instance by specifying the zone, resource ID, and project ID (if provided). Returns None.
249	Sets the machine type of a Compute Engine instance using the provided zone, resource ID, and body. Waits for the operation to complete before returning.
250	Retrieves an instance template by project ID and resource ID.
251	Inserts an instance template using the specified body. Accepts optional request_id and project_id, handling idempotence and waiting for the operation to complete.
252	Retrieves an Instance Group Manager by specifying its project_id, zone, and resource_id.
253	Patches an Instance Group Manager with the specified body in a specified zone and project, and waits for the operation to complete.
254	Method that waits for a specified operation to complete by checking its status and raises an exception if an error occurs.
255	Check if a bucket exists
256	Creates an Amazon S3 bucket with optional region specification.
257	Check if a prefix exists in a given bucket.
258	Returns a list of prefixes in a bucket under the specified prefix, with optional pagination and delimiter.
259	Lists keys in a bucket under a specified prefix and not containing a specified delimiter, with optional pagination and limit on the number of items returned.
260	Check if a key exists in a bucket
261	Retrieve a boto3.s3.Object from a specified key and bucket. If the bucket_name is not provided, it will be parsed from the key.
262	This interface is used to read a file from an S3 bucket. It takes an S3 key that points to the file and an optional bucket name as parameters. The method retrieves the file from S3, reads its contents, and returns them as a UTF-8 decoded string.
263	Reads a key with S3 Select and returns a retrieved subset of original data.
264	Checks that a key matching a wildcard expression exists in a bucket
265	Returns a boto3.s3.Object object matching the wildcard expression
266	Uploads a local file to an S3 bucket, optionally replacing an existing file or encrypting it.
267	Uploads a string to an S3 bucket as a byte array with optional encryption and replacing existing files.
268	Sends bytes data to an S3 bucket, optionally overwriting an existing key and encrypting the data.
269	Upload a file object to an S3 bucket with optional encryption and replace functionality.
270	Creates a copy of an object stored in S3 by copying its data to a new location in S3.
271	Queries cassandra and returns a cursor to the results.
272	Converts a user type to a BQ RECORD containing fields corresponding to the user type's attributes.
273	Send an email with HTML content using SendGrid, supporting features like attachments, CC, BCC, and custom arguments.
274	Retrieves connection to Cloud Speech and returns a Google Cloud Speech client object.
275	Recognizes audio input using the provided configuration and audio data.
276	Call the SparkSqlHook to run the provided sql query
277	Load AirflowPlugin subclasses from entrypoints provided.
278	Check whether a potential object is a valid subclass of the AirflowPlugin class by verifying its validity and ensuring it is not already in the list of existing plugins.
279	Sets tasks instances to skipped from the same dag run.
280	Returns an AzureDLFileSystem object with the specified connection details.
281	```
Check if a file exists on Azure Data Lake.
```
282	Upload a file to Azure Data Lake.
283	List files in Azure Data Lake Storage
284	Run Presto Query on Athena
285	Uncompresses files with .gz or .bz2 extensions to a specified directory.
286	Return a cursor with the results of querying MSSQL.
287	Decorator to submit_action_logging for ARGparse commands. It calls action_logger callbacks twice, before and after the function execution.
288	Builds metrics dictionary from function arguments and returns it
289	Create the specified cgroup and return the Node associated with it.
290	Delete the specified cgroup.
291	strips out protocol from the host if present
292	Utility function to perform an API call with retries
293	Signs into Salesforce, ensuring the connection is established only if it is not already active.
294	Make a query to Salesforce. query The query to make to Salesforce. type query str return The query result. type return dict
295	Returns the description of a Salesforce object as a dictionary
296	Get a list of all available fields for a Salesforce object.
297	Get all instances of the specified object from Salesforce.
298	Convert a column of a dataframe to Unix timestamps if applicable
299	Write query results to file in CSV, JSON, or NDJSON format, optionally coercing datetime fields to Unix timestamps and recording the time added.
300	Fetches PyMongo Client
301	Fetches a mongo collection object for querying
302	Replaces many documents in a MongoDB collection using bulk_write with ReplaceOne operations. If no `filter_docs` are provided, it uses the `_id` fields from the `docs` list as filters.
303	Checks if there is at least one mail attachment with the given name in the specified mail folder.
304	Retrieves mail attachments in the specified mail folder based on the attachment name, with options to check for a regular expression, retrieve the latest only, and handle cases where no attachments are found.
305	Downloads mail's attachments in the mail folder by its name to the local directory.
306	Returns a list of tuples containing the file name and payload of attachments that match the given name.
307	Gets the file including name and payload.
308	Write batch records to Kinesis Firehose.
309	Determines whether a task instance is ready to be rescheduled based on its state and the task_reschedule table.
310	Send email using backend specified in EMAIL_BACKEND.
311	Send an email with HTML content, including support for attachments, CC, and BCC recipients. This function also includes options for dry running the email sending process.
312	Converts datetime objects to UTC timezone if they are not already in UTC.
313	Check if a blob exists on Azure Blob Storage.
314	Checks if any blob with a specified prefix exists in the given Azure Blob storage container.
315	Upload a string to Azure Blob Storage.
316	Method to read a file from Azure Blob Storage and return its content as a string. It takes the container name and blob name as parameters, and optional keyword arguments for additional configuration.
317	Delete a file from Azure Blob Storage by specified container and blob names, optionally handling prefixes and ignoring missing files.
318	Return a generator object yielding a tuple of two elements for every file found in the specified path using the MLSD command. The first element is the file name, and the second is a dictionary containing a variable number of "facts" depending on the server and the provided facts argument.
319	Returns a FTP connection object with the specified parameters and passive mode.
320	List files on the remote system specified by the given path and return their names.
321	Transfers a remote file to a local location, with support for callbacks to handle data during transfer.
322	Transfers a local file to the remote location, handling both file paths and file-like buffers.
323	Returns a datetime object representing the last time the file was modified
324	Call DiscordWebhookHook to post message
325	Return the FileService object.
326	Check if a directory exists on Azure File Share.
327	Check if a file exists on Azure File Share.
328	Return the list of directories and files stored on an Azure File Share.
329	Create a new directory on an Azure File Share.
330	Upload a file to Azure File Share.
331	Upload a string to Azure File Share.
332	Upload a stream to Azure File Share.
333	Returns a Google Cloud Storage service object. Initializes and accesses a module-level connection.
334	Copy an object from a bucket to another, with renaming if requested. The destination bucket or object can be omitted, but not both. If source and destination are the same, raises a ValueError.
335	Get a file from Google Cloud Storage and return it as a string. Optionally, write it to a local file.
336	Uploads a local file to Google Cloud Storage
337	Check if a file exists in Google Cloud Storage
338	return true if the blob was updated in Google Cloud Storage after the given timestamp.
339	Deletes an object from the specified bucket.
340	List and retrieve objects from a Google Cloud Storage bucket based on specified filters such as prefix, delimiter, and versioning.
341	Returns the size of a file in Google Cloud Storage.
342	This interface is used to get the CRC32c checksum of an object in Google Cloud Storage.
343	Gets the MD5 hash of an object in Google Cloud Storage.
344	Creates a new bucket in Google Cloud Storage with specified parameters.
345	Compose a list of existing objects into a new object in the same storage bucket.
346	Checks if the secondary status message of a training job has changed.
347	Generate a string containing the start time and secondary training job status message.
348	Tar the local file or directory and upload to s3
349	Extracts S3 operations from a configuration and executes them.
350	Check if an S3 URL exists by verifying the existence of the corresponding bucket and key or prefix.
351	Establish an AWS connection for retrieving logs during training.
352	Create a training job using the provided configuration and wait for completion or check status periodically.
353	Create a tuning job.
354	Create a transform job and optionally wait for completion.
355	Create an endpoint with optional parameters to wait for completion, check interval, and max ingestion time.
356	Output:
Retrieves and prints CloudWatch logs for a training job and updates job state based on its status.
357	Check status of a SageMaker job
358	Display the logs for a given training job, optionally tailing them until the job is complete.
359	Execute the Python dataflow job.
360	An entry point for running database migrations in 'offline' mode, configuring the context with a URL and target metadata, and executing the migrations within a transaction.
361	Run database migrations in 'online' mode by configuring a connection and executing migrations within a transaction.
362	Deletes a specified Google Cloud Bigtable instance, handling cases where the instance does not exist.
363	Creates a new instance with specified details such as ID, main cluster, and optional replica cluster, project ID, type, display name, labels, nodes, storage type, and timeout.
364	Creates a new Cloud Bigtable table with the specified ID, split keys, and column families. Raises an exception if the table already exists.
365	Deletes the specified table in Cloud Bigtable. Raises google.api_core.exceptions.NotFound if the table does not exist.
366	Updates the number of nodes in the specified Cloud Bigtable cluster.
367	Creates a command list for running Hive or Beeline based on the provided connection details and additional parameters.
368	Prepare a list of hiveconf parameters from a dictionary of key-value pairs.
369	Loads a pandas DataFrame into a Hive table, inferring column data types if not provided.
370	```json
{
  "summary": "Loads a local file into Hive, optionally creating, overwriting, or recreating a target table and partition."
}
```
371	Returns a Hive thrift client with Kerberos authentication if security is enabled.
372	Check whether a partition with a given name exists
373	Check if a table exists in the database.
374	Returns a Hive connection object.
375	Get results of the provided hql in target schema.
:param hql: hql to be executed.
:type hql: str or list
:param schema: target schema, default to 'default'.
:type schema: str
:param fetch_size: max size of result to fetch.
:type fetch_size: int
:param hive_conf: hive_conf to execute alone with the hql.
:type hive_conf: dict
:return: results of hql execution, dict with data (list of results) and header
:rtype: dict
376	Executes an HQL query and writes the results to a CSV file.
377	This interface is used to execute a Hive query and retrieve the results.
378	Execute a Hive query and return the result as a pandas DataFrame.
379	Retrieves connection to Cloud Vision. Returns Google Cloud Vision client object.
380	Get Dingding endpoint for sending message.
381	Send Dingding message with support for different message types, log the process, and raise exceptions for errors.
382	Bind parameters to a SQL query
383	Helper method that escapes parameters to a SQL query.
384	Cast a BigQuery row to the appropriate data types.
385	Return the value if it is of the expected_type or raises TypeError if it is not
386	Returns a BigQuery PEP 249 connection object.
387	Returns a BigQuery service object.
388	Checks if a table exists in Google BigQuery using the provided project_id, dataset_id, and table_id.
389	Creates a new, empty table in the dataset. Accepts various parameters to define the table's schema, time partitioning, clustering, and labels. Optionally, can create a view instead of a table using a SQL query. Logs the creation process and handles exceptions for failed job attempts.
390	Patch information in an existing table, updating only the fields provided in the request.
391	Cancel all started queries that have not yet completed.
392	Deletes an existing table from the dataset and handles the case where the table does not exist based on the `ignore_if_missing` parameter.
393	Checks if a table exists in a dataset, and either updates the existing table or creates a new one if it doesn't exist.
394	Grant authorized view access of a dataset to a view table. If this view has already been granted access to the dataset, do nothing. This method is not atomic. Running it may clobber a simultaneous update.
395	Retrieves a dataset from BigQuery by its ID and project ID, handling errors if the dataset does not exist.
396	Retrieve and return a list of BigQuery datasets in the specified project.
397	Inserts rows into a BigQuery table one record at a time without requiring a load job.
398	This method executes a BigQuery query, substituting any provided parameters into the query string and returning the job ID.
399	Executes a BigQuery query multiple times with different parameters.
400	Fetch and return the next row from a query result buffer, handling pagination if necessary.
401	Queries Postgres and returns a cursor to the results.
402	Creates the necessary intermediate directories on a remote SFTP server.
403	Create a queue using a connection object.
404	Send a message to a queue.
405	Run the task command and handle output logging.
406	A callback that should be called when this is done running. It removes a configuration file if it exists, either using `sudo` if `run_as_user` is True or using the `os.remove` function otherwise.
407	Parse options and process commands.
408	generate HTML header content
409	Generates an HTML div element with an SVG container. Handles width and height styling, ensuring they are set in pixels unless a percentage is provided. Sets the style attribute if any width or height properties are defined.
410	Generate JavaScript code for the chart.
411	```python
Create an X-axis for a chart, with options for custom formatting, labels, and date support. The function allows creating either a standard or date-based X-axis and stores it in the specified axis list.
```
412	Creates a Y-axis with optional customization of the tick format and label
413	Returns a sqlite connection object
414	For use as a decorator to log user actions by creating a log entry with details such as the event, owner, extra information, task ID, and DAG ID. If the 'execution_date' is provided, it is parsed and added to the log entry.
415	Decorator to compress a view
416	Retrieve the last dag run for a given dag ID from the database, optionally excluding externally triggered runs. If no dag run exists, return None.
417	Creates a dag run from this dag and returns it.
418	Publishes a message to an SQS queue. context: the context object, type: dict Returns a dict with information about the message sent. For details, see botocore.client.SQS.send_message.
419	Returns a JSON response from a JSON-serializable Python object.
420	Opens a file, treating a path with a .zip suffix as a zip archive and opening the file inside the archive. Returns a file object.
421	This function is used to generate a unique cache key based on the URL path and query parameters.
422	Provides initialization and access to Google Cloud Video Intelligence Service client
423	Performs video annotation using the Google Cloud Video Intelligence API.
424	Get Opsgenie api_key for creating alert
425	Provides an overriden method to get a connection using the provided headers, initializing the base URL and session accordingly.
426	Execute Opsgenie Alert.
427	Construct the Opsgenie JSON payload by combining relevant parameters and returning it as a valid JSON payload.
428	Call the OpsgenieAlertHook to post a message.
429	Checks if an AWS connection exists, creates one if necessary, and returns the connection.
430	Submit a Presto query to Amazon Athena and return the query execution ID.
431	Fetch the status of submitted athena query. Returns None or one of valid query states.
432	Poll the status of a submitted Athena query until its state reaches a final state, with an option to limit the number of retries.
433	Returns an SFTP connection object
434	Handle a rate limit exception by sleeping for the duration specified in the exception, or for 60 seconds if not specified.
435	```
Calls the Zendesk API and returns the results.

:param path: The Zendesk API to call
:param query: Query parameters
:param get_all_pages: Accumulate results over all pages before returning
:param side_loading: Retrieve related records as part of a single request
```
436	Retrieves the partition values for a table in a specified database.
437	This interface is used to get the information of a table in a Hive database based on the specified database and table names.
438	This interface is used to get the physical location of a table in a Hive database.
439	It retrieves the status of a cluster identified by a unique identifier.
440	Delete a cluster and optionally create a snapshot based on the provided identifier and parameters.
441	Get a list of active snapshots for a specified cluster, sorted by creation time in descending order.
442	Restores a cluster from its snapshot using the provided cluster and snapshot identifiers. Returns the restored cluster or None if not found.
443	Creates a snapshot of a cluster using the provided snapshot identifier and cluster identifier. Returns the created snapshot if successful, otherwise returns None.
444	Executing Slack API call with params constructed or fetched from `api_params attribute`. If `api_params` is not set, constructs the parameters using `construct_api_call_params` method. Calls the `call` method of `SlackHook` with the provided method and parameters, ensuring the Slack API call is made without halting the DAG execution even if unsuccessful.
445	Creates a job flow using the configuration from the EMR connection. Overrides for this configuration may be passed as `job_flow_overrides`.
446	Returns a list of dicts after filtering based on file size.
447	Removes entries from the `result` list based on the ignored extensions provided, if `ignore_copying` is set to `True`.
448	Executed by task_instance at runtime. Retrieves data from MongoDB based on whether it's a pipeline or not, transforms the data, converts it to JSON format, and uploads it to S3.
449	Get pool by a given name.
450	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
451	Delete a pool by name.
452	Converts a Python dictionary to the protobuf-supplied format.
453	Given an operation, continuously fetches the status from Google Cloud until either completion or an error occurring.
454	Fetches the operation from Google Cloud.
455	Append labels to the provided Cluster Protobuf.
456	Creates a Google Compute Engine cluster using specified parameters.
457	Gets details of specified cluster.
458	Given a Discord http_conn_id, return the default webhook endpoint or override if a webhook_endpoint is manually supplied.
459	Constructs a Discord JSON payload incorporating relevant parameters and ensures the message length is within the Discord API's limit. Returns the constructed payload as a JSON string.
460	Execute a Discord webhook call with optional proxies.
461	Encrypts a plaintext message using Google Cloud KMS.
462	Imports a table from a remote location to a target directory, supporting various import options such as file type, columns, and where clause.
463	Imports a specific query from the rdbms to hdfs.
464	Exports a Hive table to a remote location using arguments similar to a Sqoop command line.
465	Retrieves connection to Cloud Text to Speech. Returns a Google Cloud Text to Speech client object.
466	Synthesizes text input to produces speech using specified voice and audio configuration. Optionally retries and sets timeout for the request. Returns SynthesizeSpeechResponse.
467	Close and upload local log file to remote storage S3. The method ensures that the logger is not closed multiple times and only uploads the log if the `upload_on_close` flag is set.
468	When using Git to retrieve DAGs, this method defines a GitSync Init Container with appropriate environment variables and volume mounts.
469	Defines any necessary environment variables for the pod executor
470	Defines any necessary secrets for the pod executor by iterating over environment variable names and object key pairs, appending Secret objects to the worker_secrets list. Also handles env_from_secret_ref by splitting and appending additional Secret objects.
471	Defines the security context by setting `runAsUser` and `fsGroup` based on the configuration, with a default `fsGroup` of 65533 if not explicitly specified and using git ssh keypair auth.
472	Returns link to qubole command result page.
473	Heartbeats update the job's entry in the database with a timestamp for the latest_heartbeat and allows for the job to be killed externally. The method ensures that the job maintains a steady heart rate by sleeping for the remaining time if the next heartbeat exceeds the expected interval. It also kills the job if its state is SHUTDOWN.
474	Launch a process to process the given file.
475	Launch the process and start processing the DAG.
476	Check if the process launched to process this file is done. Returns whether the process is finished running.
477	Helper method to clean up a processor agent and gracefully exit upon receiving a signal.
478	Update the import errors for DAGs in the given `DagBag` and clear the errors for files no longer having them.
479	Schedules tasks for a single DAG by examining active DAG runs and adding task instances to the queue. The method updates the state of previously active DAG runs, skips future and backfill runs, and queues runnable tasks.
480	Update task instance states for DAGs without a running DagRun.
481	_get_concurrency_maps is a method that retrieves concurrency maps for a given list of states from a provided session. It returns two dictionaries: one mapping from (dag_id, task_id) to the count of task instances, and another mapping from (dag_id, task_id) to the count of task instances in the given state list. The method uses a query to count the number of task instances in the specified states and groups them by dag_id and task_id. The results are then stored in the dictionaries and returned.
482	Changes the state of task instances in the list to QUEUED atomically, and returns the TIs changed in SimpleTaskInstance format.
483	Takes task_instances, which should have been set to queued, and enqueues them with the executor.
484	Attempts to execute TaskInstances that should be executed by the scheduler through three steps: picking TIs by priority with state constraints, changing their state atomically, and enqueuing them in the executor. Returns the number of TIs with their states changed.
485	If there are tasks left over in the executor, we set them back to SCHEDULED to avoid creating hanging tasks.
486	Handles executor events by updating the state of task instances in the database based on the executor's reports.
487	Process a Python file containing Airflow DAGs, execute it, look for DAG objects, pickle and save them if necessary, create appropriate task instances, record errors, and kill zombie task instances. Returns a list of SimpleDag objects representing the found DAGs.
488	Update counters based on task state and manage task execution accordingly.
489	Check if the executor's state matches the running task instances and handle any discrepancies.
490	Return a dag run for the given run date, which will be matched to an existing dag run if available or create a new dag run otherwise. If the max_active_runs limit is reached, this function will return None.
491	Returns a map of task instance key to task instance object for the tasks to run in the given dag run.
492	Computes the dag runs and their respective task instances for the given run dates and executes the task instances. Returns a list of execution dates of the dag runs that were executed.
493	Iterate through DAG runs, update their states, and set those not finished to failed.
494	Initialize components for running DAGs, execute tasks, and handle errors during backfill.
495	Ensure the task is terminated if the state is moved away from running externally. The method checks if the recorded hostname and PID match the current instance's details, and raises an exception if they do not. If the task state is externally set, it terminates the task and sets the terminating flag.
496	Provides initialization and access to a Cloud Spanner client object
497	Method to retrieve information about a specified Cloud Spanner instance, optionally specifying the project ID if distinct from the default. Returns the instance if found, otherwise returns None.
498	Invokes a method on a given Cloud Spanner instance using a specified Callable, handling exceptions and logging the result.
499	Creates a new Cloud Spanner instance with the specified parameters.
500	Updates an existing Cloud Spanner instance.
501	Deletes an existing Cloud Spanner instance.
502	Retrieves a database in Cloud Spanner. If the database does not exist in the specified instance, it returns None.
503	Creates a new database in Cloud Spanner.
504	Called when a datagram is received over a stream.
505	Drops a database in Cloud Spanner.
506	Pokes for a mail attachment on the mail server. Returns True if attachment with the given name is present and False if not.
507	**Summary:**  
Merges `language_hints` and `web_detection_params` into `additional_properties`, ensuring `image_context` is a dictionary.
508	Returns a cassandra Session object
509	Checks if a table exists in Cassandra.
510	Checks if a record exists in Cassandra based on the provided keys.
511	Construct the command to poll the driver status.
512	Executes a Spark submit job remotely using Popen and handles the submission and log processing.
513	Processes log files to extract useful information, such as application IDs for Yarn and Kubernetes, driver pod IDs, and exit codes, and logs relevant details based on the deployment mode and configuration.
514	Parse the logs from the spark driver status query process and extract the driver status if the log line contains "driverState". Log the parsed driver status.
515	Get the task runner based on the task runner type configuration.
516	Generates a retry mechanism for AWS Batch job execution, using an exponential backoff strategy if a waiter is not available.
517	Queries MySQL and returns a cursor to the results.
518	Configure a csv writer with the file_handle and write schema as headers for the new file.
519	Writes the BigQuery schema in .json format for the results to a local file system. Returns a dictionary where key is a filename to be used as an object name in GCS, and values are file handles to local files that contains the BigQuery schema fields in .json format.
520	Return a dictionary of column name and type based on the self.schema if it is not None.
521	Helper function that maps from MySQL data types to BigQuery data types.
522	Executes a Sqoop job based on the command type specified.
523	Saves the lineage to XCom and if configured to do so sends it to the backend.
524	Returns the extra property by deserializing JSON.
525	Generate a list of dates based on a start date, end date, or number of entries, with an optional delta or cron expression.
526	Convert an array of time durations in seconds to the specified time unit.
527	Return a datetime object representing `n` days ago, with an option to specify the time.
528	Initializes a role with specified permissions and view-menus. If the role does not exist, it creates a new one. If the role exists without permissions, it adds the specified permissions that match the view-menus.
529	Delete the specified role from the ab_role table.
530	Get all the roles associated with the user.
531	Returns a set of tuples containing permission names and view menu names associated with the user's roles.
532	Does the user have any of the given role names or list of role names?
533	Whether the user has this perm
534	Clean up faulty permissions left by FAB by removing entries where either the permission or view_menu is None.
535	Merge permission and view_menu into ab_permission_view_role if not exists. Add related entries to ab_permission and ab_view_menu tables.
536	Admin should have all the permission-views. Add the missing ones to the table for admin.
537	Set the access policy on the given DAG's ViewModel.
538	Create perm-vm if not exist and insert into FAB security model for all-dags
539	Factory that creates Fernet encryption objects or returns a null object if Fernet cannot be loaded.
540	Checks for existence of the partition in the AWS Glue Catalog table.
541	Provides initialization and access to the AwsGlueCatalogHook
542	Check for message on subscribed queue and write to xcom the message with key `messages`
543	Returns a snakebite HDFSClient object.
544	Establishes a connection to an HDFS cluster using either InsecureClient or KerberosClient based on the security mode configured. Tries each provided connection until a successful connection is established. If all connections fail, raises an exception with details of the failed hosts.
545	Check for the existence of a path in HDFS by querying FileStatus and return True if the path exists and False if not.
546	Uploads a file to HDFS using the specified source, destination, overwrite flag, and parallelism.
547	Establishes a connection to a Pinot broker using provided connection details.
548	Get the connection URI for a Pinot broker.
549	Convert a native Python `datetime.date` object to a dictionary format supported by the API.
550	Convert a ``datetime.time`` object to a dictionary with hours, minutes, and seconds.
551	Returns a Redis connection, initializing it if necessary.
552	Executes the given SQL statement(s) and returns the result as a pandas DataFrame.
553	Executes SQL commands or a list of SQL commands with optional parameters and autocommit.
554	Sets the autocommit flag on the connection
555	Insert rows into a specified table in a database, with options to auto-commit after a certain number of rows and to replace rows if they already exist.
556	Converts the given cell to its SQL literal representation as a string.
557	Checks the health status of the Airflow instance.
558	A restful endpoint that returns external links for a given Operator. It queries the operator that sent the request for the links it wishes to provide for a given external link name.
559	Opens a connection to the cloudant service and closes it automatically if used as context manager
560	Call the SlackWebhookHook to post the provided Slack message
561	Returns the Credentials object for Google API, handling different sources of credentials and scopes.
562	Returns an authorized HTTP object to be used for Google cloud service hook connections.
563	Intercept HTTP Errors, raise AirflowException with more informative messages.
564	Ensure the project ID is provided for a function call, using keyword arguments or the user's GCP connection details.
565	Returns a list of states indicating that a task either has not completed a run or has not even started.
566	Constructs and returns the full spark-sql command by appending various configuration options and a given command.
567	Convert a ``PIL Image`` or ``numpy.ndarray`` to tensor.
568	Normalize a tensor image with mean and standard deviation.
569	Resize the input PIL Image to the given size.
570	Pad the given PIL Image on all sides with specified padding mode and fill value.
571	Crops the given PIL Image.
572	Crop the given PIL Image and resize it to desired size.
573	Horizontally flip the given PIL Image.
574	Perform perspective transform of the given PIL Image.
575	Vertically flips the given PIL Image.
576	Crop the given PIL Image into four corners and the central crop.
577	Adjusts the brightness of a PIL Image by a given factor.
578	Adjust the contrast of a PIL image by a specified factor. Increase or decrease the brightness of the image to make it appear darker or lighter.
579	Adjust the color saturation of an image by a specified factor using PIL's ImageEnhance module.
580	Adjust the hue of an image by converting it to HSV, shifting the hue channel cyclically by a specified factor, and then converting it back to the original image mode. The hue adjustment factor must be within the interval `[-0.5, 0.5]`.
581	Return an image with gamma correction applied based on the given gamma and gain values. Adjusts intensities in RGB mode using the Power Law Transform equation. The function checks if the input image is a PIL Image and if the gamma value is non-negative. It then converts the image to RGB and creates a gamma map to apply the correction. Finally, it converts the image back to its original mode and returns the adjusted image.
582	Rotate the image by a specified angle.
583	Apply affine transformation on the image keeping image center invariant.
584	Converts a color image to a grayscale image, either single channel or 3-channel with equal red, green, and blue values.
585	Save a given Tensor into an image file.
586	Finds the class folders in a dataset. Returns a tuple containing the classes and a dictionary mapping classes to indices. Ensures no class is a subdirectory of another.
587	Reads a directory of image files, extracts 64x64 pixel patches from each image, and returns a tensor containing the first n patches.
588	Method to read and process a label file, returning a Tensor of point IDs.
589	Read the file and keep only 3D point ID. Matches are represented with a 1, non matches with a 0. Convert the list of matches to a Tensor.
590	Computes the accuracy over the k top predictions for the specified values of k.
591	Disables printing when not in master process.
592	Download a file from a URL and save it to a specified directory, optionally verifying the file's integrity using an MD5 checksum.
593	Return a list of all directories at a given root. If prefix is True, prepend the path to each result.
594	Returns a list of file names ending with a specified suffix in a given directory.
595	Download a Google Drive file from and place it in root.
596	For a given image and output size, returns the parameters to randomly crop the image to the desired size.
597	Get parameters for ``perspective`` for a random perspective transform.
598	Get parameters for a random sized crop
599	Get a randomized transform to be applied on image
600	Get parameters for affine transformation. Returns a sequence of parameters to be passed to the affine transformation.
601	Download and extract the tarball, and download each individual photo.
602	Downloads the MNIST data if it doesn't already exist in the processed_folder.
603	Download the EMNIST data if it doesn't already exist in the processed folder. Process and save the data as torch files.
604	Returns the current theme name by checking override, cookies, and settings in that order. Defaults to a default theme if the selected theme is not in the list.
605	Handles autocompletion by parsing a query, filtering results based on search Engine rankings, and returning the top 3 results.
606	Render preferences page and save user preferences.
607	Returns available themes list.
608	Check if the search query contains a bang or a colon, and create fitting autocompleter results based on the query content.
609	Remove the first and last lines of the response text to extract the JSON content. Parse the JSON to get the conversion rate, calculate the converted amount, and format the result with additional currency information. Return a dictionary containing the formatted answer and a URL for further currency information.
610	Embeds a custom gradient into a `Tensor` using clever application of `stop_gradient`.
611	Construct a MultivariateNormalDiag using `tfd.Independent` and `tfd.Normal` for efficiency.
612	Return the joint log-probability of the eight-schools model.
613	Run Hamiltonian Monte Carlo (HMC) on the eight-schools unnormalized posterior to benchmark its performance.
614	Decorator to expand the docstring with keyword arguments.
615	Given a distribution object, this function attempts to infer the original name passed into the distribution constructor by reversing the name-scope transformation. It returns the original, user-visible name of the distribution. If the name ends with a '/', it splits the string and takes the second last part. If the last part is a digit, it removes it along with the underscore.
616	Constructs a RandomVariable object with a dummy name argument.
617	Wraps an existing distribution as a traceable random variable.
618	Factory function to create a random variable given a distribution class.
619	Compute one-step-ahead predictive distributions for all timesteps using parameter_samples.
620	Constructs predictive distribution over future observations using samples from the posterior over parameters.
621	Returns `max` or `mask` if `max` is not finite.
622	Assert all elements of `x` are finite.
623	Assert `x` has rank equal to `rank` or smaller.
624	Computes the number of elements in a tensor with a given shape.
625	OneHotCategorical helper computing probs, cdf, etc over its support
626	Return a convert - to - tensor func, given a name, config, callable, etc.
627	Calculate the total number of parameters needed to create a mixture distribution of the same family.
628	Context manager to yield the top-most interceptor on the thread-local interceptor stack and restore it afterward.
629	Wrapper calls the next interceptor or executes the function directly if there is no next interceptor
630	Function records the execution of interceptable operations within a context manager, storing the operations and their outputs in an OrderedDict where keys are the operation names (or a random variable's name if no name is provided) and values are the corresponding outputs. Operations are intercepted and recorded if executed within the context.
631	Generates synthetic binary classification data using random weights, bias, and a designed matrix.
632	Utility method to visualize decision boundaries in R^2.
633	Builds a Dataset iterator for supervised classification using TensorFlow.
634	Validate `map_values` if `validate_args`==True.
635	A `TransitionOperator` that repeatedly runs a given function and traces its outputs, stacking the results.
636	Calls a transition operator with args, unpacking args if its a sequence.
637	Calls a function and returns its output and gradients with respect to the first output.
638	Maybe broadcasts `from_structure` to match `to_structure`'s structure by tiling `from_structure` if it's a singleton.
639	Transforms a log-prob function using a bijector, returning a new log-prob function that operates in the transformed space and optionally the transformed initial state.
640	Leapfrog `TransitionOperator` implementation.
641	Performs a Metropolis-Hastings step in Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) by probabilistically selecting between a current state and a proposed state based on the energy change, ensuring detailed balance is preserved.
642	Hamiltonian Monte Carlo method for sampling states from a probability distribution.
643	Adjusts a control variable based on the sign of the difference between output and a set point, using an adaptation rate.
644	Creates a layer from its config.
645	Convenience to convert to `Tensor` or leave as `None`.
646	Constructs a `scale` operator from various components including identity multiplier, diagonal, lower triangular matrix, perturbations, and shift.
647	Returns a callable that adds a random normal perturbation to the input.
648	Function returns a callable to add a random uniform perturbation to input state parts.
649	Expands the rank of x up to static_event_rank times for broadcasting.
650	A lower bound on the entropy of a mixture model using the component entropies and categorical probabilities.
651	Get batchwise probabilities for a categorical distribution using logsoftmax or softmax based on input logits.
652	Validate `outcomes`, `logits`, and `probs`'s shapes.
653	Ensure TensorFlow is installed and its version is sufficient.
654	Bayesian logistic regression, which returns labels given features.
655	load the Covertype data set, normalize the features, append a column of ones for the intercept, binarize the labels for a specific category
656	Cholesky factor of the covariance matrix of vector-variate random samples.
657	Estimate standard deviation using samples.
658	Estimate variance using samples.
659	Turns negative axis values into positive ones for a given axis or list of axes, ensuring they refer to valid dimensions in a tensor of a specified number of dimensions.
660	A version of squeeze that works with dynamic axis.
661	Standardize input `x` to a unit normal.
662	Reconstruct input `x` from its normalized version.
663	Constructs a transition matrix for a semi-local linear trend model using an autoregressive coefficient.
664	Build the transition noise model for a semi-local linear trend model.
665	Generates samples from the Halton sequence in a specified dimension. The function supports both randomized and non-randomized versions of the Halton sequence. The number of samples can be specified using `num_results` or `sequence_indices`. The sequence is generated using prime bases and optionally randomized to improve performance in Monte Carlo integration. The function includes error handling for dimension limits and ensures that either `num_results` or `sequence_indices` is provided.
666	Uniform iid sample from the space of permutations
667	Generates starting points for the Halton sequence procedure by converting input indices to a 1-based format and reshaping them for subsequent use.
668	Computes the number of terms in the place value expansion of a number for given bases.
669	Returns sorted array of primes such that `2 <= prime < n`.
670	Return the machine epsilon for the supplied dtype.
671	Optimized implementation of the Hager-Zhang line search algorithm, which is a method for finding an optimal step size in optimization problems.
672	Shrinks the input step size until the value and gradients become finite.
673	Brackets the minimum and performs a line search
674	The main loop of line search after the minimum has been bracketed.
675	Performs bisection to update the search interval and applies line search update if necessary.
676	Prepare the arguments for line search initialization
677	Wrapper for tf.Print which supports lists and namedtuples for printing.
678	Compute the quadrature scheme using Gauss-Hermite method on a `K - 1` simplex for a `SoftmaxNormal` random variable constructed from a `Normal` distribution. Returns the grid points and their associated probabilities.
679	Generates quadrature points on a (K-1)-simplex using SoftmaxNormal quantiles.
680	Helper function to check the validity of `loc` and `scale` initialization parameters in a TensorFlow distribution. Raises exceptions or appends assertions if the parameters do not meet the specified criteria. Returns the input parameter with assertions if `validate_args` is True.
681	Infers the batch_shape and event_shape for a given grid and endpoint_affine.
682	Interpolates between two locations using a grid.
683	Interpolates between two scales for a given grid. Raises an error if the scale length is not 2, and if the number of quadrature grid points is unknown.
684	Creates a weighted `LinOp` from an existing `LinOp`.
685	Concatenates input vectors, statically if possible.
686	Multiplies tensor of vectors by matrices assuming values stored are logs.
687	Input:
def _log_matrix_vector(ms, vs):
  """Multiply tensor of matrices by vectors assuming values stored are logs."""

  return tf.reduce_logsumexp(input_tensor=ms + vs[..., tf.newaxis, :], axis=-1)
Output:
Multiply tensor of matrices by vectors, assuming values stored are logs.
688	Multiply tensor of vectors by matrices.
689	Tabulate log probabilities from a batch of distributions by reshaping the states and moving the dimension of the log probabilities.
690	Compute marginal probability density function for each individual observable.
691	Compute marginal posterior distribution for each state using the forward-backward algorithm.
692	r Computes the most likely sequence of hidden states for a given sequence of observations using the Viterbi algorithm.
693	Chooses a random direction in the event space by normalizing random direction fragments based on the sum of their squared values.
694	Applies a single iteration of slice sampling update. Chooses a uniform random direction on the unit sphere in the event space and applies the one-dimensional slice sampling update along that direction. Uses the target log probability function to update the state and returns the updated state, target log probability, slice bounds satisfied flag, sample direction, and upper/lower bounds of the slices.
695	Computes `fn_result` if needed.
696	Pads the shape of a tensor to the right to achieve a specified final rank.
697	Runs one iteration of Slice Sampler. Takes the current state and previous kernel results as inputs and returns the next state and updated kernel results after one step.
698	Builds a transformed-normal variational distribution over a parameter's support, ensuring the event shape matches the parameter and transforming it to a constrained space.
699	Build a factorized variational loss function for variational inference in Structural Time Series (STS) models using KL divergence to approximate the true posterior distribution.
700	A function that minimizes a loss function using an optimizer within a TensorFlow graph over a specified number of steps.
701	Estimator of differentiation between populations A and B based on the F2 parameter.
702	Get the first unmasked entry of each time series in the batch by computing the index of the first unmasked entry for each series in the batch and then using `tf.compat.v1.batch_gather` to extract the initial value for each series in the batch.
703	Get the broadcast batch shape from a list of distributions, statically if possible, and return it as a list if fully defined; otherwise, return a dynamic tensor representing the batch shape.
704	Combines a list of multivariate normal distributions into a factored joint distribution. The joint distribution is multivariate normal with a mean vector and block-diagonal covariance matrix derived from the component distributions.
705	Sum the means and variances of a list of MultivariateNormalDiag distributions.
706	Compute statistics of a provided time series for heuristic initialization, including empirical mean, standard deviation, and initial value after centering.
707	Ensures the input tensor has a trailing dimension of size 1.
708	Extracts a Tensor with canonical shape and optional mask from a given time series.
709	Construct a predictive normal distribution by mixing over posterior draws.
710	Calculate the difference between `high` and `low` values, optionally named "range".
711	Create factory function for making summary statistics
712	Inversely applies the topological sorting by calling `dist_fn` with reversed and truncated arguments. Returns a `callable` that constructs a new distribution instance.
713	Resolves distribution names based on argument names in a given list, using a default name if no argument names are provided.
714	Returns the function's required arguments.
715	Calculates the KL divergence between two `JointDistributionSequential` objects.
716	Creates `dist_fn`, `dist_fn_wrapped`, and `dist_fn_args` from the given `model`.
717	Return a tuple of tuples representing the name of each distribution and its dependencies.
718	Return the Shannon entropy in nats for distributions where all distributions are independent.
719	Decorator for checking if the first argument is within the support of the distribution.
720	Visualizes sequences as TensorBoard summaries.
721	Visualizes the reconstruction of inputs in TensorBoard. The function takes in tensors for the original inputs and their reconstruction, and outputs an image summary of a specified number of examples.
722	Visualizes qualitative analysis of a given model, including reconstructions and generations with different sample conditions.
723	This function summarizes the parameters of a distribution by creating histograms for its mean and standard deviation, and assigns names to these summaries based on the distribution's name and scope.
724	Summarize the mean of a tensor in nats and bits per unit.
725	**Summary:** Runs the model to generate a multivariate normal distribution.
726	Returns an initial state for the LSTM cell.
727	Runs the model to generate a distribution for a single timestep using a recurrent model. Generates a batched MultivariateNormalDiag distribution parameterized by the LSTM cell's output, and returns the distribution and updated state.
728	Runs a series of convolutional layers on a batch of image sequences to generate intermediate representations.
729	generate new sequences with specified batch size, length, and number of samples. It also allows fixing the static and dynamic latent variables. Returns an Independent distribution wrapping Normal distributions over the pixels of the generated sequences.
730	Reconstructs input sequences by sampling from static and dynamic latent variables, optionally swapping and fixing these samples, and then decoding to produce a reconstruction likelihood.
731	Sample the static latent prior distribution to generate a tensor of samples with specified dimensions.
732	Sample the dynamic latent prior for generating sequences of varying lengths.
733	Return the static batch shape of models represented by this component, which is the broadcast batch shape of all model parameters.
734	Return the runtime batch shape of models represented by a component as an `int` `Tensor` by broadcasting the batch shapes of all model parameters.
735	Instantiate this model as a Distribution over specified `num_timesteps`.
736	Sample from the joint prior over model parameters and trajectories.
737	Computes the minimum event dimensions associated with a given list of bijectors.
738	Converts a vector size to the corresponding square matrix size by ensuring the vector length is a triangular number.
739	Ranks the elements of an array in ascending or descending order using NumPy.
740	Sort values in a NumPy array in either ascending or descending order.
741	Normal distribution function. Calculates the area under the Gaussian probability density function from minus infinity to the input value `x`. Returns a `Tensor` with the same data type as `x`. Raises a `TypeError` if `x` is not of type `float32` or `float64`.
742	Computation of the normalized Gaussian error function (ndtr) using the error function (erf) and conditional logic.
743	Compute the inverse of the cumulative distribution function (CDF) of the standard normal distribution for a given probability `p`. Returns the value `x` such that the area under the normal distribution's probability density function (PDF) from negative infinity to `x` equals `p`. Uses a piecewise rational approximation algorithm and supports `float32` and `float64` data types.
744	Log Normal distribution function using either `log(ndtr(x))` or an asymptotic series. Parameters include `x`, `series_order`, and `name`. Returns `log_ndtr`. Raises `TypeError` and `ValueError` for invalid inputs.
745	Calculate the asymptotic series used in log_ndtr.
746	Compute the inverse of the error function.
747	Log Laplace distribution function. Calculates the log of the cumulative distribution function (CDF) of the Laplace distribution using different methods for numerical accuracy based on the value of `x`.
748	Compute the joint log probability for the given count data, lambda_1, lambda_2, and tau.
749	Runs HMC on the text-messages unnormalized posterior.
750	True if the given index_points would yield a univariate marginal.
751	Compute the marginal distribution of a Gaussian Process (GP) over specified index points.
752	This method returns `index_points` if provided, otherwise it returns `self._index_points`. If both are `None`, it raises a `ValueError`.
753	Creates an stacked IAF bijector.
754	Runs one iteration of NeuTra, updating the state of the Markov chain using the specified kernel and parameters.
755	Trains a bijector and creates initial `previous_kernel_results`.
756	Return the squared difference between two variables.
757	Enables uniform interface to value and batch jacobian calculation in both eager and graph modes. Works by either using tf.GradientTape (for eager mode) or gradients.batch_jacobian (for graph mode). Returns a tuple (f(x), J(x)), where J(x) is the batch jacobian.
758	Disables computation of the second derivatives for a tensor. Applies a non-identity function to the output tensor to raise a `LookupError` when trying to compute the second derivatives.
759	Applies a distributional transform to mixture samples, converting them into samples from the product of Uniform[0, 1] distributions by applying conditional CDFs and considering mixture weights.
760	Split a covariance matrix into block-diagonal marginals of given sizes.
761	Decompose a joint posterior into components for an additive STS model.
762	Decompose an observed time series into contributions from each component
763	Decompose a forecast distribution into the contributions of each component. Assuming the batch shape of the `forecast_dist` is `[num_steps_forecast]`, the returned `component_forecast`'s batch shape will also be `[num_steps_forecast]`.
764	Converts a dense tensor to a sparse tensor, omitting cells with a specified ignored value.
765	Create function that defers operator overload to `attr`
766	Converts a tensor's numpy value to a human-readable representation
767	Sample the shape of a random variable as a `TensorShape`.
768	Method to get the sample shape of a random variable as a 1-D tensor.
769	"""Returns the tensor corresponding to the random variable. If the value is not yet set, it samples from the distribution using the specified sample shape and stores the result. If sampling is not implemented for the distribution, raises a NotImplementedError with instructions on how to proceed."""
770	r Computes and returns the value of a random variable in a given session. If no session is provided, the default session is used. It accepts an optional `feed_dict` for feeding values to the tensors in the graph.
771	Return the value as a NumPy array, but only if the value is an EagerTensor.
772	Computes the posterior distribution of the mean of a Normal distribution with known scale, given a conjugate prior and statistical estimates.
773	Build a multi-layer neural network-based scale-and-shift function for density estimation, ensuring variables are created only once using `tf.make_template`. Returns `shift` and `log_scale` terms.
774	Returns evenly distributed points on the unit hypersphere.
775	Computes the unnormalized log density of an LKJ distribution given correlation matrices.
776	The log normalization of an LKJ distribution.
777	Returns the explicit dtype from `args_list` if exists, else the preferred_dtype.
778	Create a factory function to implement summary statistics like mean, stddev, and mode.
779	Helper to broadcast a tensor using a list of target tensors
780	Pdf evaluated at the peak.
781	Estimate a lower bound on effective sample size for each independent chain.
782	Compute the effective sample size for a single Tensor argument using its auto-correlation and optional filtering.
783	Equation for the potential scale reduction in a single state of a Markov chain
784	Get the number of elements in a specified axis of a tensor, cast to the tensor's data type.
785	Broadcasts a listable secondary argument to match the length of states.
786	Use Gauss-Hermite quadrature to generate quadrature points on the positive-reals for a LogNormal distribution. The function returns the `log_rate` parameters and their associated weights for a given `quadrature_size`.
787	Use LogNormal quantiles to form quadrature on positive-reals.
788	Merges arguments with self and returns a new `_Mapping` instance. Raises ValueError if both `mapping` and other arguments are specified.
789	To support weak referencing, this method removes the specified cache key from the cache value and returns a new instance of `_Mapping` with the updated values.
790	Helper to merge two values, returning the new value if it's not None, the old value if it's not None, or raising an error if the values are incompatible.
791	Converts nested `tuple`, `list`, or `dict` to nested `tuple`.
792	Computes the doubling increments for the left end point during the interval expansion process with equal probability of doubling to either side.
793	Finds the index of the optimal set of bounds for each chain. Performs calculations to determine the earliest index where the bounds are outside the slice or the index of the widest set if none are outside.
794	Returns the bounds of the slice at each stage of doubling procedure.
795	Sample from the slice by applying shrinkage for rejected points.
796	Applies the one-dimensional slice sampling algorithm to evolve Markov chains.
797	Creates a value-setting interceptor that sets values of Edward2 random variable objects.
798	Create a function that takes a probabilistic program as an input and returns its log joint function.
799	Return a filtered dictionary of keyword arguments (`src_kwargs`) that are compatible with the input signature of a given function (`f`).
800	Network block for VGG.
801	Builds a binary tree of states for the No-U-Turn Sampler (NUTS) algorithm at a given state and depth.
802	Wraps value and gradients function to raise an error if any gradient is None.
803	Returns if two given states and momentum do not exhibit a U-turn pattern.
804	Runs one step of leapfrog integration.
805	Log-joint probability calculation using the state's log-probability and momentum.
806	Returns samples from a Bernoulli distribution.
807	Creates a closure that generates `loc` and `scale` parameters using TensorFlow variables.
808	Creates a function to build Normal distributions with trainable parameters
809	Creates a multivariate standard Normal distribution.
810	Deserializes a Keras-serialized function based on its type.
811	Serializes function for Keras.
812	Broadcasts `from_structure` to match the structure of `to_structure` by tiling if `from_structure` is a singleton.
813	Converts a nested structure to a TensorFlow tensor, recursing on nested elements if necessary.
814	Converts user-provided arguments to `Tensor`s, handling nested structures and optional type constraints.
815	Calls user-provided callable with expanded arguments
816	Returns `Tensor` attributes related to shape and Python builtins.
817	Creates a mixture of Gaussians prior distribution for the given latent size and mixture components.
818	Helper utility to arrange images in a grid.
819	Downloads a file from the specified URL and saves it to the designated directory.
820	Builds fake MNIST-style data for unit testing.
821	Validate block sizes for bijectors based on their lengths and shapes.
822	Verifies that the shapes of input tensors do not allow broadcasting.
823	Constructs a trainable `tfd.MultivariateNormalTriL` distribution using input tensor `x`.
824	Constructs a trainable `tfd.Bernoulli` distribution using logits from a given input.
825	Constructs a trainable `tfd.Normal` distribution parameterized by loc and scale.
826	Constructs a trainable `tfd.Poisson` distribution parameterized by log rate.
827	Applies one step of Euler-Maruyama method. Generates proposal of the form `tfd.Normal(loc=state_parts + _get_drift(state_parts, ...), scale=tf.sqrt(step_size * volatility_fn(current_state)))`. Returns the proposed state(s) of the Markov chain(s) at each result step.
828	### Summary:
Compute the drift of a diffusion process at the current location based on step size, volatility, and gradients.
829	Helper to `kernel` that computes the log acceptance-correction for Metropolis-Hastings sampling, considering normal proposal densities and drifts.
830	Helper function to compute `volatility_fn` results and grads
831	Helper to broadcast `volatility_parts` to the shape of `state_parts`.
832	Build a transition matrix for an autoregressive StateSpaceModel. When applied to a vector of previous values, it computes the expected new value by summing the previous states according to the autoregressive coefficients and moves all previous values down by one dimension, "forgetting" the final (least recent) value. This matrix has the form:

```
ar_matrix = [ coefs[0], coefs[1], ..., coefs[order]
                1.,       0 ,       ..., 0.
                0.,       1.,       ..., 0.
                ...
                0.,       0.,  ..., 1.,  0.            ]
```
833	Computes the shape of samples generated by the distribution, considering the input tensor's shape and the distribution's batch and event shapes.
834	Calls `fn`, appropriately reshaping its input `x` and output.
835	Calls a function and reshapes its output according to specified shapes.
836	The binomial cumulative distribution function.
837	Executes a model, creating both samples and distributions.
838	Latent Dirichlet Allocation model that generates a bag of words given concentration and topic-word probabilities.
839	Creates a variational distribution for Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) using a neural network encoder.
840	Returns a summary of the learned topics, showing the topics with the highest prior weight and their associated words.
841	Convert the 20 newsgroups dataset into a tf.data.Dataset by first loading the data from a NumPy file, converting it into a sparse matrix, and then creating a dataset of the documents. If shuffle_and_repeat is True, shuffle each epoch and repeat the epochs. Returns a single document as a dense TensorFlow tensor.
842	Builds fake data for unit testing.
843	Builds and returns iterators for training and evaluation data, along with a vocabulary mapping.
844	Decorator to define properties that map to the grammar dict. This dict is the canonical representation of the Vega grammar within Vincent.
845	Add control dependencies to the commitment loss to update the codebook using an exponential moving average.
846	Helper method to save a grid of images to a PNG file.
847	Save images visualizing model reconstructions.
848	Downloads and loads the Hugo Larochelle's binary static MNIST dataset from the specified directory and split name.
849	Returns a `np.dtype` based on this `dtype`.
850	Returns a non-reference `dtype` based on the input `dtype`. If the input `dtype` has a `base_dtype` attribute, it returns that; otherwise, it returns the input `dtype`.
851	Returns whether a given data type is boolean.
852	Returns whether the given data type is a complex floating point type.
853	Returns the maximum representable value in the given data type.
854	Return the string name for a TensorFlow data type.
855	Returns the number of bytes to represent a `dtype`.
856	Return the same base type of a list of graph items.
857	Validate and return float type based on tensors and dtype.
858	Minimizes an objective function using the Nelder Mead simplex algorithm.
859	A single iteration of the Nelder Mead optimization algorithm.
860	Creates the condition function pair for a reflection to be accepted.
861	Creates a condition function pair for an expansion step in a simplex algorithm, determining whether to accept an expanded point or the reflected point based on their objective values.
862	Creates a condition function pair for an outside contraction.
863	Reduces simplex size towards the best vertex.
864	Replace an element in a TensorFlow tensor at a specified index with a new value.
865	Returns True if the simplex has converged.
866	r Prepare the initial simplex and objective values for optimization by evaluating the function at the simplex vertices. Handles both cases where the initial simplex is provided directly or constructed from an initial vertex and step sizes. Raises ValueError if invalid arguments are provided.
867	Evaluates the objective function at the specified initial simplex and returns the dimension, number of vertices, initial simplex, objective values, and number of evaluations.
868	Constructs a standard axes-aligned simplex and evaluates the objective function at its vertices.
869	Evaluates the objective function on a batch of points. If `batch_evaluate_objective` is True, returns the result of `objective_function(arg_batch)`. Otherwise, it maps the `objective_function` across each element in `arg_batch`. Returns a tuple containing the objective values and the number of evaluations.
870	Save a PNG plot with histograms of weight means and standard deviations.
871	Output:
Save a PNG plot visualizing posterior uncertainty on heldout data.
872	Build fake MNIST-style data for unit testing.
873	Returns initializer configuration as a JSON-serializable dict.
874	Instantiates an initializer from a configuration dictionary.
875	Numpy matmul wrapper. It transposes or adjoints input matrices if specified and then calculates the matrix multiplication using np.matmul. It also raises an error if either of the input matrices is sparse.
876	Compute standard deviation, covariance, and variance using input statistic, statistic name, statistic dimensions, and a degree of freedom factor function.
877	Computes the log of the exponentially weighted moving mean of the exp using an input log value, decay, and an optional name for the operation.
878	Ensures non-scalar input has at least one column.
879	Generates a `Tensor` of shape `shape` and `dtype`, consisting of `-1` or `+1` chosen uniformly at random.
880	Generates `Tensor` of positive reals drawn from a Rayleigh distribution.
881	Convenience function which chooses the condition based on the predicate. If the predicate is a scalar, returns `cond_true` if `pred` is true, otherwise returns `cond_false`. If the predicate is not a scalar, uses `tf.where` to return `cond_true` if `pred` is true, otherwise returns `cond_false`.
882	Finalizes the computation of log_prob for one element of the inverse image by adding the inverse log determinant of the Jacobian and adjusting the shape if necessary.
883	Finish computation of probability on one element of the inverse image.
884	Rearranges the dimensions of the input tensor `x` by rotating the last `n` dimensions to the left or right based on the value of `rotate_right`.
885	Undoes batch normalization on a given input tensor by applying the inverse transformation using the provided mean, variance, offset, and scale parameters.
886	This function checks if a given layer is a valid BatchNormalization layer in TensorFlow, raising a ValueError if it is not or if it has certain attributes (renormalization or virtual batch size) that are not supported.
887	Slices a single parameter of a distribution according to specified slices and distribution batch shape.
888	Computes the override dictionary of sliced parameters
889	Applies a single slicing step to the distribution by overriding specified parameters and returns a new instance of the distribution.
890	Applies a sequence of slice or copy-with-overrides operations to `dist`.
891	Return a batch-sliced distribution by applying a sequence of slice and copy overrides.
892	Runs multiple Fisher scoring steps to fit a model to given data. Uses an iterative process to converge on model coefficients based on the provided parameters and convergence criteria.
893	Returns Python `callable` that defines convergence criteria based on the relative Euclidean norm of weight changes
894	Helper function to sanitize input arguments for the `fit` method. It ensures that the input tensors (`model_matrix`, `response`, `model_coefficients`, `predicted_linear_response`, and `offset`) have the correct data types and shapes. If any tensor is `None`, it provides default values. The function returns a list of tensors with potentially converted and sanitized values.
895	Returns the number of columns in a given `Tensor`.
896	Wrap `original_fn`, preferring to call `static_fn` when inputs are static.
897	Wrap `new_fn` with the docstring of `original_fn` and raise an error if the argument specifications do not match.
898	Helper function for statically evaluating predicates in `cond`.
899	Computes the rank of a tensor given its shape.
900	Like `tf.case`, but attempts to statically evaluate predicates. If any predicate in `pred_fn_pairs` is a bool or has a constant value, the associated callable will be called or omitted depending on its value. Otherwise, this function behaves like `tf.case`.
901	Helper function to standardize op scope.
902	Computes the standard deviation of a mixture distribution using the provided mixture weight vector, mean vector, and standard deviation vector. Raises a ValueError if the shapes of the input tensors are not compatible. returns a 1D tensor representing the standard deviation of the mixture distribution.
903	Creates a `LinearOperator` representing a lower triangular matrix using the provided scale parameters.
904	Creates a LinearOperator representing a diagonal matrix.
905	Infer distribution batch and event shapes from a location and scale by broadcasting `loc` and `scale` arguments. Handle static and dynamic broadcasting scenarios and raise errors if event shapes do not match.
906	Returns `True` if `scale` is a `LinearOperator` that is known to be diagonal.
907	Checks the validity of a scalar `distribution` init arg based on the given criteria. Returns a list of `tf.Assert` ops to enforce validity checks that could not be statically determined. Raises `ValueError` if validation is enabled and the distribution is not fully reparameterized or does not have both scalar batch and scalar event shapes.
908	Pad dimensions of event tensors for mixture distributions.
909	Convenience function that chooses one of two values based on a scalar predicate.
910	Moves a single tensor dimension within its shape.
911	Asserts that `x` is a non-negative tensor, and optionally checks if it is of integer type.
912	Returns whether two tensors `a` and `b` have the same dynamic shape. Uses dynamic shape comparison if static shape inference fails.
913	Get static value from tensor, optionally casting to a specific dtype
914	Helper returning True if dtype is known to be unsigned.
915	Helper returning True if dtype is known to be signed.
916	Helper returning the largest integer exactly representable by dtype.
917	Return the smallest integer exactly representable by datatype.
918	Return True if a dtype is integer-like or bool. Raises TypeError if the dtype is not recognized.
919	Embeds checks for the number of classes in a categorical distribution, ensuring it does not exceed maximum integer limits for the given data type.
920	Calculate the multinomial coefficient, which represents the number of ways `counts` could have come in.
921	Rotates the dimensions of a tensor circularly by a specified number of shifts.
922	Picks possibly different length row `Tensor`s based on condition.
923	Convenience function that statically broadcasts shape when possible.
924	### Generate a new seed from the given seed and salt using MD5 hashing.

### Example 2:
Input:
def calculate_discount(price, discount_rate):
    """Calculate the discounted price based on the given discount rate."""
    if discount_rate <= 0:
        return price
    else:
        return round(price * (1 - discount_rate), 2)

Output:
Calculate the discounted price based on the given discount rate.
925	Creates a tridiagonal matrix with specified values above, below, and on the diagonal.
926	Returns the size of a specific dimension of a tensor.
927	Validates quadrature grid,_probs or computes them as necessary.
928	Returns a dictionary with the caller's function arguments, excluding variable arguments and copying keyword arguments.
929	Ensure tensors are 1-dimensional.
930	TF control dependency
931	Checks that `rightmost_transposed_ndims` is valid.
932	Checks that `perm` is a valid permutation vector.
933	Transforms a tensor's shape based on a permutation and the number of rightmost transposed dimensions.
934	Concatenates two tensor shapes.
935	Get the dimension sizes of a tensor shape.
936	Returns a shape merging the information from two objects.
937	Returns a shape based on `x` with at least the given `rank`.
938	Check that source and target shape match, statically if possible.
939	Augment a sample shape to broadcast batch dimensions.
940	Build a callable that performs one step for backward smoothing.
941	#
**Backward Smoothing Update for Kalman Smoother**

Performs the backward update step for a Kalman smoother. Given the filtered and predicted parameters at time step t and t+1, along with the next posterior parameters at time step t+1 and the transition matrix A(t+1), computes the 1-step backward smoothed distribution parameters.

The updates are derived using the backward Kalman gain matrix J:
- `posterior_mean = filtered_mean + J * (next_posterior_mean - predicted_mean)`
- `posterior_cov = filtered_cov + J * (next_posterior_cov - predicted_cov) * J'`

The algorithm initializes from mu(T | 1:T) and sigma(T | 1:T), calculated by the forward filter.

**Args:**
  - filtered_mean: Tensor with shape `[latent_size, 1]` and batch shape `B`, representing mu(t | t).
  - filtered_cov: Tensor with shape `[latent_size, latent_size]` and batch shape `B`, representing sigma(t | t).
  - predicted_mean: Tensor with shape `[latent_size, 1]` and batch shape `B`, representing mu(t+1 | t).
  - predicted_cov: Tensor with shape `[latent_size, latent_size]` and batch shape `B`, representing sigma(t+1 | t).
  - next_posterior_mean: Tensor with shape `[latent_size, 1]` and batch shape `B`, representing mu(t+1 | 1:T).
  - next_posterior_cov: Tensor with shape `[latent_size, latent_size]` and batch shape `B`, representing sigma(t+1 | 1:T).
  - transition_matrix: `LinearOperator` with shape `[latent_size, latent_size]` and a batch shape broadcastable to `B`.

**Returns:**
  - posterior_mean: Tensor with shape `[latent_size, 1]` and batch shape `B`, representing mu(t | 1:T).
  - posterior_cov: Tensor with shape `[latent_size, latent_size]` and batch shape `B`, representing sigma(t | 1:T).
942	Return a callable that updates a KalmanFilterState from timestep `t-1` to `t`.
943	Factory that createstarget objects from URLs.
944	The function `kalman_transition` propagates a filtered distribution through a transition model to predict the next state. It calculates the predicted mean and covariance by applying the transition matrix and noise to the current filtered mean and covariance.
945	Builds a callable for performing one step of Kalman mean recursion.
946	Create a callable for one step of Kalman covariance recursion.
947	Build a callable for one step of Kalman sampling recursion.
948	Propagate a mean through a linear Gaussian transformation.
949	Propagate covariance through a linear Gaussian transformation.
950	Run the backward pass in Kalman smoother. The backward smoothing is using Rauch, Tung and Striebel smoother as discussed in section 18.3.2 of Kevin P. Murphy, 2012, Machine Learning: A Probabilistic Perspective, The MIT Press. The inputs are returned by `forward_filter` function.
951	The function `sample_n_joint` is used to draw a joint sample from the prior distribution over latents and observations.
952	Run a Kalman smoother to calculate posterior means and covariances.
953	```plaintext
Computes prior means for all variables via dynamic programming.
```
954	Compute prior covariances for all variables via dynamic programming. Returns latent and observation covariance matrices for each timestep.
955	Pushes latent means and covariances forward through the observation model, computing corresponding observation means and covariances. Handles batch dimensions and uses `tf.scan` to iteratively apply the observation model over time. Adjusts shapes for compatibility with subsequent operations.
956	Computes the log-normalizer of the distribution.
957	The mode of the von Mises-Fisher distribution is the mean direction.
958	Apply a Householder rotation to a set of samples.
959	Replace `z` with `u = log(z)` in the provided code
960	Create a deep copy of a callable function.
961	Removes dictionary keys that have a specified value
962	Recursively replace `dict`s with `_PrettyDict`.
963	Check arguments and return samples from the distribution either by sampling `n` times or by converting `z` to a tensor.
964	decide whether an input is a namedtuple-like object
965	Helper function to select between `accepted` and `rejected` tensors based on `is_accepted` tensor.
966	Helper function that expands the dimensions of `is_accepted` and applies `tf.where` to choose between `accepted` and `rejected` based on the acceptance.
967	Elementwise sum of list members, replacing non-finite results with alt_value
968	The function `_value_and_gradients` is a helper function for computing both the value and the gradients of a function `fn` at a given point `fn_arg_list`. It initializes the function arguments as tensors and computes the value of the function. If gradients are requested, it computes the gradients at the specified point. If the result is a list of tensors, it computes the block diagonal of the Jacobian matrix using a list comprehension.
969	Calls a function (`fn`) and computes the gradient of its result with respect to the arguments (`fn_arg_list`). Optionally, it can take precomputed results and gradients as input and checks if all results are of floating-point type. It also ensures one-to-one correspondence between function arguments and gradients and raises an error if any gradient is `None` and checks_non_none_grads is set to True.
970	Constructs a for loop, preferring a Python loop if `n` is statically known.
971	Calculate per-base value of a windowed statistic.
972	Wraps a setter to apply it to the inner-most results in `kernel_results`.
973	Wrap a getter to apply to the inner-most results in `kernel_results`.
974	Returns the same kernel, but recreated with `store_parameters_in_results` recursively set to `True` in its parameters and its inner kernels (as appropriate).
975	Replace the rightmost event dims in a `Tensor` representing a shape with new event dims.
976	Returns a `TensorShape` with the rightmost dims replaced by new event shape, validates event shape compatibility.
977	Check that a shape Tensor is int-type and otherwise sane.
978	Condition to stop when any batch member converges, or all have failed.
979	Notifies if converged with answer
980	Performs the line search step of the BFGS search procedure. Uses the Hager-Zhang line search procedure to compute a suitable step size to advance the current `state.position` along the given `search_direction`. If successful, updates the `state.position` and the relevant state fields.
981	Restricts a function in n-dimensions to a given direction and computes the restricted function and its gradient along that direction.
982	Updates the state of an optimization process by advancing its position and checking for convergence or failure.
983	Check if the algorithm satisfies the convergence criteria.
984	Broadcast a value to match the batching dimensions of a target.
985	Return the analytic continuation of the harmonic number for the input using the digamma function.
986	Produce a function for replica exchange Monte Carlo that proposes combinations of replicas for exchange based on a given probability.
987	Extract the specified `field_name` from `kernel_results` or `kernel_results.accepted_results`.
988	Get list of TensorArrays holding exchanged states, and zeros.
989	Compute a shared scale term used in the `_covariance` and `_variance` methods, by expanding the last dimension of the `total_concentration` and dividing by the `total_count`.
990	Returns a function that applies the `forward_log_det_jacobian` method of a list of Bijectors to a list of transformed state parts and a list of event dimensions, summing the results.
991	Creates a function to apply a list of Bijector's `forwards`
992	Create a function that applies the inverse of a list of Bijectors to a list of state parts
993	A function that runs one iteration of the Transformed Kernel, updating the state and results based on the given current state and previous kernel results.
994	Apply a conditional value to a namedtuple or tensor.
995	Perform the secant square procedure of Hager Zhang to update the search interval for finding a root.
996	A helper function for the secant square algorithm, used to update the bracketing interval and generate new `c` points as needed.
997	Helper function for secant-square step.
998	Squeeze a bracketing interval containing the minimum by updating the left and right end points based on the trial point and the value and gradient function. The update is performed only if the trial point lies within the interval, and the slope and value conditions are met. If the trial point does not meet the conditions, the current interval is returned. The function leverages the opposite slope conditions to narrow down the interval and ensures that the updated interval brackets the minimum.
999	Bracket the minimum given an initial starting point using the Hager Zhang bracketing algorithm.
1000	Bisect an interval and update to satisfy opposite slope conditions
1001	Performs bisect on a function defined by value_and_gradients_function within initial_args until the opposite slope conditions are met.
1002	Checks if the supplied values (and optionally a second set of values) are finite.
1003	Checks whether the Wolfe or approx Wolfe conditions are satisfied. The Wolfe conditions are a set of stopping criteria for an inexact line search algorithm, and this function evaluates whether the conditions are met based on the given parameters and function values.
1004	Returns the secant interpolation for the minimum using the secant method on the derivative of a function.
1005	Create function implementing a step-size update policy for adaptive MCMC
1006	Applies one step of the leapfrog integrator to update the momentum and state of a Markov chain in Hamiltonian Monte Carlo (HMC). The integrator assumes a quadratic kinetic energy function, making it suitable for cases where the target distribution is approximately quadratic. The function updates the momentum and state iteratively using the gradients of the target log probability.
1007	Helper function that computes the log acceptance-correction for the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm in the context of MCMC sampling.
1008	Runs one iteration of Hamiltonian Monte Carlo.
1009	Creates initial `previous_kernel_results` using a supplied `state`.
1010	Constructs a ResNet18 model with uncertainty quantification through Bayesian layers.
1011	Network block for ResNet consisting of batch normalization, ReLU activation, convolution layers, batch normalization, ReLU activation, and residual connection.
1012	Create the encoder function. The function takes in activation, num_topics, and layer_sizes as arguments and returns a callable that maps a bag-of-words Tensor to a distribution over topics.
1013	Create a decoder function for mapping encodings to a distribution over words using topics.
1014	Return a callable that generates a prior distribution for a given number of topics with initially specified values for the prior parameters.
1015	Implements Markov chain Monte Carlo via repeated `TransitionKernel` steps.
1016	Multi-layered topic model for documents-by-terms matrix using exponential family distributions.
1017	Creates a learnable deterministic distribution over positive reals with a minimum location value.
1018	Creates a learnable Gamma distribution using concentration and scale parameters. The parameters are initialized randomly and constrained to be greater than minimum values to ensure valid Gamma distribution.
1019	Load NIPS 2011 conference papers from a specified path, subset to papers in 2011, and filter words based on their count.
1020	Shared initialization logic for `amplitude` and `length_scale` parameters, converting and validating them, and returning the common `DType`.
1021	Utility method to retrieve the KL divergence function registered between two classes based on their method resolution order (MRO) and the Manhattan distance between their positions in the MROs.
1022	Reads an image tensor from a file and converts it to a floating-point type.
1023	Download the sprites data and returns the saved filepath.
1024	Create a character sprite by combining attribute sprites with alpha masks.
1025	Creates a sequence tensor from a character sprite, action metadata, direction, length, and start index.
1026	Creates a random sequence using action_metadata and direction, with a specified length and starting index.
1027	Create a tf.data pipeline for thesprites dataset with specifiedcharacters, actions, directions, and other parameters.
1028	Checks that `distributions` satisfies all assumptions, including validating dtypes and event ndims.
1029	Flattens a list of kernels, replacing any `_SumKernel` instances with their `kernels` property contents.
1030	Flattens a list of kernels, replacing any `_ProductKernel` instances with their `kernels` property contents.
1031	Generates fake CIFAR10-style data for unit testing purposes.
1032	Counts the number of occurrences of each value in an integer array `arr`, with options to filter by value range, apply weights, and reduce over specified dimensions.
1033	Bin values into discrete intervals based on provided bin edges.
1034	Count how often `x` falls into intervals defined by `edges`.
1035	Compute quantiles of `x` along `axis`.
1036	Get static number of dimensions and assert expectations.
1037	Insert the dimensions specified in `axis` back into the tensor `x` as singleton dimensions.
1038	Convert possibly negatively indexed axis to non-negative list of ints.
1039	Move selected dimensions to the end of a tensor and flatten them.
1040	Sort a TensorFlow `Tensor` along its last dimension using `top_k`.
1041	Builds an ordered list of Distribution instances for component models.
1042	The Amari-alpha Csiszar-function in log-space.

A Csiszar-function is a member of,

```none
F = { f:R_+ to R : f convex }.
```

When `self_normalized = True`, the Amari-alpha Csiszar-function is:

```none
f(u) = { -log(u) + (u - 1),     alpha = 0
       { u log(u) - (u - 1),    alpha = 1
       { [(u**alpha - 1) - alpha (u - 1)] / (alpha (alpha - 1)),    otherwise
```

When `self_normalized = False` the `(u - 1)` terms are omitted.

Warning: when `alpha != 0` and/or `self_normalized = True` this function makes
non-log-space calculations and may therefore be numerically unstable for
`|logu| >> 0`.

For more information, see:
A. Cichocki and S. Amari. "Families of Alpha-Beta-and GammaDivergences:
Flexible and Robust Measures of Similarities." Entropy, vol. 12, no. 6, pp.
1532-1568, 2010.
1043	Return the reverse Kullback-Leibler Csiszar-function in log-space.
1044	Jensen-Shannon Csiszar-function in log-space.
1045	Calculate the Pearson Csiszar-function in log-space for a given `logu`.
1046	Result the Squared-Hellinger Csiszar-function in log-space
1047	The Triangular Csiszar-function in log-space evaluates the function `(u - 1)**2 / (1 + u)` for `u = exp(logu)`.
1048	```python
# The T-Power Csiszar-function in log-space.
# When `self_normalized = True`, it calculates a specific form of the T-Power Csiszar-function.
# When `self_normalized = False`, it excludes the `- t(u - 1)` term.
# This function is useful for information-theoretic purposes, particularly in divergences and Csiszar-functions.
# Args:
#   logu: Logarithm of u.
#   t: Power parameter.
#   self_normalized: Boolean indicating self-normalization.
#   name: Operation name.
# Returns:
#   Csiszar-function value.
```
1049	Calculate the Log1p-Abs Csiszar-function in log-space. The function is defined as f(u) = u**(sign(u-1)) - 1.
1050	Calculate the Jeffreys Csiszar-function in log-space, which is a symmetric f-Divergence.
1051	Modified-GAN Csiszar-function in log-space.
1052	Calculates the dual Csiszar-function in log-space
1053	Symmetrizes a Csiszar-function in log-space by averaging it with its dual.
1054	Builds a Monte-Carlo approximation of the Csiszar f-Divergence using a given function `f`, sample distributions `p` and `q`, and the number of draws. The function supports both reparameterized and non-reparameterized distributions, and includes a reparameterization trick to avoid biased gradients.
1055	Calculate `log_avg_u` and `log_sooavg_u` for use in the `csiszar_vimco` function.
1056	Assert that Tensor x has expected number of dimensions.
1057	Build a batch gather operation with left broadcasting in TensorFlow, where the parameters and indices are dynamically shaped and broadcast appropriately.
1058	Broadcasts the event or distribution parameters.
1059	Importance sampling with a positive function, in log-space, estimating the expected value of a function \( f \) weighted by a distribution \( p \) using samples from a distribution \( q \).
1060	Broadcasts the event and samples arrays to match each other in shape.
1061	Applies the BFGS algorithm to minimize a differentiable function.
1062	Computes control inputs to validate a provided inverse Hessian, ensuring it is positive definite and symmetric. Returns a list of tf.Assert ops suitable for use with tf.control_dependencies.
1063	Update the BGFS state by computing the next inverse Hessian estimate.
1064	Applies the BFGS update to the inverse Hessian estimate.
1065	Multiply a matrix with a vector on the right. This supports dynamic shapes and batched computation.
1066	Computes the outer product of two possibly batched vectors.
1067	Transpose a possibly batched matrix.
1068	Ensure the shape of a tensor by padding with ones.
1069	Sum the right-most `ndims` dimensions of a `Tensor` while preserving its shape.
1070	A function that computes the square root of a tensor with a finite gradient at zero.
1071	Return common dataType of input list or None
1072	Applies the L-BFGS algorithm to minimize a differentiable function.
1073	Create LBfgsOptimizerResults with initial state of search procedure.
1074	Computes the search direction to follow at the current state using the L-BFGS two-loop recursion algorithm.
1075	Creates a `tf.Tensor` suitable to hold `k` element-shaped tensors, initialized with zeros.
1076	Conditionally add new vectors to a batch of first-in-first-out queues.
1077	Computes whether each square matrix in the input is positive semi-definite.
1078	Returns a mask indicating whether the determinants of the input matrices exceed the specified bounds.
1079	Generates a uniformly random "correlation-like" matrix with the specified dimensions and data type, ensuring each matrix is symmetric with 1s on the diagonal and entries between -1 and 1.
1080	Rejection sampling method for generating correlation matrices with specific determinant bounds.
1081	Computes a confidence interval for the mean of a Bernoulli distribution using the Clopper-Pearson method. Assumes the samples are drawn iid from a Bernoulli distribution and the error rate is given. Returns the lower and upper bounds of the confidence interval.
1082	Estimate confidence intervals for correlation matrix volumes using the Clopper-Pearson method.
1083	Computes the von Mises CDF and its derivative via series expansion.
1084	Computes the von Mises CDF and its derivative via Normal approximation.
1085	Performs one step of the differential evolution algorithm.
1086	Applies the Differential evolution algorithm to minimize a function.
1087	Process initial args for evolutionary algorithm.
1088	Finds the member of the population with the lowest value.
1089	Checks whether the convergence criteria have been met based on function tolerance and position tolerance.
1090	Constructs the initial population by adding random normal noise to the initial position if no initial population is provided.
1091	Perform binary crossover recombination for a population using given mutants and crossover probability.
1092	Computes the mutated vectors for each population member using differential evolution.
1093	Generates an array of indices suitable for mutation operation in differential evolution. The array is of shape [size, 3] with no overlaps and the i'th row not including the number i.
1094	Converts the input arg to a list if it is not already. Returns a tuple containing a list of Tensors and a boolean indicating if the original was a list or tuple.
1095	Gets a Tensor of type `dtype`, 0 if `tol` is None, validation optional.
1096	Soft thresholding operator. This operator is defined by the equations and is used in proximal gradient descent for optimizing a smooth function with L1 regularization. The proximity operator is defined as the argmin of a convex and differentiable function plus a smoothed L2 norm. The soft thresholding operator is used to minimize L(x) + ||x||_1 by repeatedly applying the update x^(k+1) = SoftThreshold(x - gamma grad L(x^(k)), gamma).
1097	Clips values to a specified min and max while leaving gradient unaltered.
1098	Build an iterator over training batches.
1099	Generate and save synthetic images as a PNG file.
1100	Converts a sequence of productions into a string of terminal symbols by greedily unrolling nonterminal symbols based on their first occurrence in a linear sequence. Raises a ValueError if the first production rule does not begin with the start symbol.
1101	Method to run the model forward to generate a sequence of productions.
1102	Runs the model forward to return a stochastic encoding. Takes a tensor of shape [1, num_productions, num_production_rules] as input and returns a random variable capturing a sample from the variational distribution of shape [1, self.latent_size].
1103	Evaluates the integral of the `hat` function for sampling purposes.
1104	Inverse function of `_hat_integral`.
1105	Estimate the rank, i.e., the dimension of the column space, of a matrix using the singular value decomposition (SVD).
1106	Computes the Moore-Penrose pseudo-inverse of a matrix.
1107	Solves systems of linear equations \( A X = RHS \) given LU factorizations.
1108	Computes a matrix inverse from its LU decomposition.
1109	Returns list of assertions related to `lu_reconstruct` assumptions.
1110	Returns list of assertions related to `lu_solve` assumptions.
1111	Constructs a block diagonal rank 2 SparseTensor from a batch of SparseTensors.
1112	Checks that input is a `float` matrix.
1113	Computes the gradient and Fisher information for a generalized linear model (GLM).
1114	Fit a generalized linear model using coordinate-wise FIM-informed proximal gradient descent, with support for L1 and L2 regularization.
1115	Generate slices for building an autoregressive mask.
1116	Given the number of blocks, input size, and output size, generate a mask for building an autoregressive dense layer.
1117	Build a dense layer with autoregressive masking.
1118	Returns a degree vector for the input based on the specified order. If the input order is a string, it can be either "left-to-right", "right-to-left", or "random". If the input order is a list, it must be a sorted list of integers from 1 to the input size.
1119	Takes input parameters to create and return a list of degree vectors for input and hidden layers, ensuring autoregressivity and hidden unit allocation based on specified methods.
1120	Returns a list of binary mask matrices enforcing autoregressivity.
1121	Returns a masked version of the given initializer.
1122	Build a layer with a specified input shape.
1123	Applies the layer's network to the input and reshapes the output accordingly.
1124	Draw samples from a multinomial distribution with a given number of trials and class probabilities.
1125	Build a zero-dimensional MVNDiag object.
1126	Wrapper for creating an observation noise function based on a time series.
1127	Build regression weights from model parameters.
1128	Computes the number of edges on the longest path from each node to the root in a graph.
1129	Creates tuple of str tuple-str pairs representing resolved & sorted DAG.
1130	Utility method to flatten a probability chain rule using named makers and create lists of callable functions suitable for JDSeq.
1131	```plaintext
Creates `dist_fn`, `dist_fn_wrapped`, `dist_fn_args`, and `dist_fn_name` from a given model.
```
1132	The function `variational_loss` computes the negative variational lower bound for a Variational Gaussian Process (VGP). It takes in observed data and computes the loss by considering a likelihood term, trace terms, and a KL divergence term, scaled by a weight factor. The function returns the negative of this lower bound, which can be used directly in optimization.
1133	This function computes the optimal variational location and scale for a Variational Gaussian Process (VGP) using the method suggested by Titsias (2009). It takes as input a kernel function, inducing points, observation index points, observations, observation noise variance, optional mean function, jitter for numerical stability, and an optional name scope. The function returns the optimal variational location and scale. It performs several key steps including computing the covariance matrices, computing the Cholesky decomposition, solving systems of linear equations, and using these results to determine the location and scale of the variational posterior.
1134	Build utility method to compute whether the season is changing.
1135	Build change-of-basis matrices for constrained seasonal effects. This method transforms seasonal effects into effect residuals and projects these residuals onto the subspace where the mean effect is zero.
1136	Build a function to compute seasonal transition matrices for a model, optionally applying basis transformations to enforce constraints.
1137	Builds a transition noise model for a SeasonalStateSpaceModel based on the current season.
1138	Builds a constrained seasonal transition noise distribution for a ConstrainedSeasonalSSM. The noise covariance is transformed to act on the constrained-residual representation and is constructed as a lower-triangular factor `Q` that scales the covariance matrix. The transition noise is non-zero only on the last day of the season.
1139	Returns `True` if given observation data is empty. Emptiness means either 1. Both `observation_index_points` and `observations` are `None`, or 2. the "number of observations" shape is 0.
1140	Ensure that observation data and locations have consistent shapes. This is done by checking if the batch shapes are broadcastable, with fully statically defined shapes being the only way to ensure this. If the shapes are not broadcastable, a `ValueError` is raised with a contextual error message.
1141	Add a learning rate scheduler to the contained `schedules`
1142	Configure checkpoint settings.
1143	Sets constant clipping by minimum and maximum values.
1144	Performs an optimization using the underlying BigDL model.
1145	Set the train summary for the model.
1146	Set validation summary. A ValidationSummary object contains information necessary for the optimizer to know how often the logs are recorded, where to store the logs and how to retrieve them.
1147	This function is used to create an optimizer, either a local optimizer or a distributed optimizer, depending on the type of training set provided. It allows specifying the model, training set, criterion, optimization method, end trigger, batch size, and number of cores. If the training set is an RDD or DataSet, it returns a DistriOptimizer. If it's a tuple of features and labels, it returns a LocalOptimizer.
1148	Set the new training dataset for optimizer reuse.
1149	Sets the interval of recording for each indicator.
1150	Parse or download MNIST data if `train_dir` is empty.
1151	Parse or download news20 if source\_dir is empty. Return a list of (tokens, label).
1152	Loads or downloads pre-trained GloVe word2vec and returns a dictionary mapping words to vectors.
1153	This configures the learning process by specifying the optimizer, loss, and metrics. It must be called before fit or evaluate.
1154	Trains a model for a fixed number of epochs on a dataset, supporting distributed and local modes with optional validation.
1155	Evaluates a model on a given dataset in distributed mode. Takes input data `x` and optionally labels `y`, and a `batch_size` for gradient updates.
1156	predicts with a model. supports local and distributed modes.
1157	Reads the MNIST dataset and parallelizes it into RDDs.
1158	Normalize and transform MNIST dataset into RDDs for training and testing.
1159	Returns an end trigger based on the input option.
1160	Set validation and checkpoint for distributed optimizer.
1161	Return the broadcasted value
1162	Call API in PythonBigDL
1163	Calls a Java function with the given arguments after converting them from Python to Java types and then converts the result from Java to Python.
1164	Converts each Python object in an RDD to a Java object using Pyrolite, unserializing the RDD in batches if necessary.
1165	Converts a Python object into its corresponding Java representation, handling various types including RDDs, DataFrames, and custom objects.
1166	Convert a string activation name to a BigDL activation layer.
1167	Convert a NumPy ndarray to a DenseTensor suitable for use in Java.
1168	get label as ndarray from ImageFeature
1169	Reads a parquet file and returns a DistributedImageFrame.
1170	write ImageFrame as parquet file
1171	get image from ImageFrame
1172	converts an ImageFrame to a list of images in NumPy arrays
1173	Returns the label RDD from an ImageFrame.
1174	Returns a prediction RDD from an ImageFrame.
1175	Generates output predictions for the input samples in a batched way, supporting both local and distributed modes.
1176	Optimize the model by the given options
1177	Apply the transformer to the images in "inputCol" and store the transformed result into "outputCols"
1178	Save the Keras model definition to JSON with the given path.
1179	Define a convnet model in Keras 1.2.2.
1180	Predicts the class label for the given data using the bigDL model and returns the results as an RDD.
1181	Set weights for this layer.
1182	Returns the weights for the layer as a list of numpy arrays
1183	Save a model to protobuf files for TensorFlow inference. Adds placeholders as input nodes, requiring names and shapes. Order should match graph model inputs.
1184	Set this layer in the training mode or in prediction mode if is_training=False
1185	Loads a pre-trained Torch model from the specified path.
1186	Load a pre-trained Keras model from JSON and HDF5 files
1187	Creates a Python Criterion by a Java criterion object.
1188	Load model weights from JSON and HDF5 files
1189	Loads the IMDB dataset and transforms the input data into an RDD of Sample with sequences padded to a maximum length.
1190	Define a recurrent convolutional model in Keras 1.2.2.
1191	Return a shape tuple if there is a single input, or return a list of shape tuples if there are multiple inputs.
1192	Return a list of shape tuples if there are multiple outputs. Return one shape tuple otherwise.
1193	Retrieve MNIST dataset with features and labels as NumPy arrays, downloading it automatically if necessary.
1194	Parse or download Movielens 1M data if the specified directory is empty, and return a 2D numpy array with user and item indices.
1195	Gets the jar path for bigdl if it exists. If not, returns the first jar path found in the specified directory. Returns an empty string if no jar is found.
1196	Checking if the Spark version is below 2.2
1197	Export variable tensors from a TensorFlow checkpoint file
1198	Save a variable dictionary to a Java object file, so it can be read by BigDL
1199	Expand and tile a tensor along a specified axis.
1200	This function calculates possible continuations of length <= n for every node in a trie.
1201	Computes weighted sum of memory elements using attention mechanism.
1202	r Computes weighted sum of inputs conditioned on state using attention mechanism.
1203	Computes BLEU score for translated segments against references.
1204	Return an opened file object for writing dialog logs.
1205	Logs single dialog utterance to current dialog log file based on direction and dialog ID. Adjusts log file size if necessary and formats log messages using JSON.
1206	Takes a list of gradients and an optimizer, and returns summary operations for the magnitude of gradient updates.
1207	Dumps the trained weights from a TensorFlow model to an HDF5 file.
1208	Read data using a dataset reader specified in the configuration.
1209	```python
Train and evaluate a model based on a configuration file, optionally
```
1210	Exchange messages between basic pipelines and the Yandex.Dialogs service.
1211	Convert labels to one-hot vectors for multi-class multi-label classification.
1212	Convert vectors of probabilities to one-hot representations using confident threshold
1213	Configure a TensorFlow session for a specific device with GPU options for allowing growth and setting the visible device list.
1214	Checks if the model file exists and loads the model if it does
1215	Extract values of momentum variables from optimizer. Return `optimizer's `rho` or `beta_1``
1216	Update graph variables with optional `learning_rate` and `momentum`.
1217	Returns the F1 macro measure for the given true and predicted values.
1218	Converts a word into a tuple of symbols, with optional lowercase conversion and case marker addition.
1219	A function for creating a stack of convolutional layers.
1220	Bidirectional recurrent neural network (Bi-RNN) implementation using LSTM or GRU cells. It processes input sequences in both forward and backward directions to capture context.
1221	Stack recurrent neural networks (RNNs) using GRU or LSTM cells.
1222	Highway convolutional network with gating mechanism, using skip connections and optional batch normalization and dilation.
1223	Creates a token embedding layer for converting token indices into dense vectors. Takes optional parameters for a pre-trained embedding matrix or initializes a random one. Returns the embedded tokens as a TensorFlow tensor.
1224	Implement a fast CuDNN GRU implementation using TensorFlow, which takes units, n_hidden, n_layers, trainable_initial_states, seq_lengths, input_initial_h, name, and reuse as inputs, and returns all hidden states along the T dimension and the last hidden state.
1225	CuDNN compatible GRU implementation. It should be used to load models saved with CudnnGRUCell to run on CPU.
1226	Fast implementation of CuDNN LSTM using TensorFlow.
1227	### Summary:
CuDNN Compatible LSTM implementation for running models saved with CudnnLSTMCell on CPU. It handles initializing states, processing sequences, and extracting last hidden and cell states, supporting variable reuse and custom initial states.
1228	Fast Bi-GRU implementation using CuDNN.
1229	Fast CuDNN Bi-LSTM implementation that returns all hidden states along with the last hidden and cell states for both forward and backward passes.
1230	Fast CuDNN implementation for a stacked Bi-GRU with configurable parameters such as hidden state dimensionality, number of stacks, dropout keep probability, and output concatenation.
1231	Apply dropout to a tensor with a fixed mask in specified dimensions.
1232	Builds the network using Keras, integrating word CNN and additional word embeddings, and compiles the model with specified parameters.
1233	Builds word-level convolutional neural network
1234	Creates the basic network architecture, transforming word embeddings to intermediate outputs.
1235	Trains model on a single batch
1236	Makes predictions on a batch of word sequences and returns the label sequences. If `return_indexes` is True, it returns the tag indexes; otherwise, it returns the tags themselves.
1237	Transforms a sentence into a 3D NumPy array suitable for neural network input, where each word is represented by a sequence of token indices, padded with specific tokens.
1238	r Transforms a sentence of tags to a 2D numpy array, where each row corresponds to an input sentence and each column index corresponds to the index of the tag in the sentence.
1239	Returns the BLEU score for a given query and reference, with options for customizing the n-gram weights, smoothing function, and handling brevity penalty.
1240	Verify signature certificate URL against Amazon Alexa requirements.
1241	Extract pycrypto X509 objects from SSL certificates chain string.
1242	Verifies if Amazon and additional certificates create a chain of trust to a root CA.
1243	Verifies an Alexa request signature using the provided Amazon certificate, request body, and signature. Returns True if the signature is valid, False otherwise.
1244	Verifies Alexa SSL certificate against Amazon requirements. Checks the signature certificate URL, verifies the certificate chain, expiration, subject alternative names, and the full chain. Returns the certificate if all verifications pass.
1245	Return a list of JSON-compatible states of the RichMessage instance's nested controls.
1246	Return a list of MS Bot Framework compatible states of the RichMessage instance nested controls.
1247	Returns a list of Telegram-compatible states for the nested controls of a RichMessage instance.
1248	Return a list of Amazon Alexa compatible states for the RichMessage instance's nested controls.
1249	Configure DeepPavlov settings utility
1250	Constructs function encapsulated in the graph.
1251	Constructs a wrapper function for a Keras function that runs within a specified TensorFlow graph and session.
1252	Calculates the accuracy based on the absolute coincidence between true and predicted values
1253	Rounds predictions and calculates accuracy in terms of absolute coincidence.
1254	Initializes variables using pre-trained weights from a file, with special handling for embedding weights.
1255	Reads a file from a specified path and returns data as a list of tuples containing inputs and correct outputs for training, validation, and testing. Raises `NotImplementedError`.
1256	Agent for handling greetings and fallbacks
1257	Transform an array of integers to an array of one-hot encoded vectors.
1258	Rounds the values of a list of metrics to a specified precision and returns them as an ordered dictionary.
1259	Populate settings directory with default settings files, replacing existing files if `force` is `True`. Returns `True` if any files were copied and `False` otherwise.
1260	Load model parameters from self.load_path, excluding optimizer variables.
1261	Save model parameters to `self.save_path` given a tuple of `exclude_scopes`.
1262	Get train operation for given loss.
1263	Finds dictionary words within a specified distance (d) from a given word in a trie.
1264	Sets default operation costs for replacement, insertion, deletion, and transposition, optionally allowing spaces.
1265	Initiates self-destruct timer using a `Timer` object with a duration specified in the `config` dictionary.
1266	Routes Alexa requests to appropriate handlers and returns a response.
1267	Infers DeepPavlov agent with raw user input extracted from Alexa request.
1268	Populates generated response with additional data conforming Alexa response specification.
1269	Handle an IntentRequest Alexa request by validating the intent name and slot, generating an agent response, and constructing a conforming Alexa response.
1270	Handles LaunchRequest Alexa request. request: Alexa request. Returns: response: "response" part of response dict conforming Alexa specification.
1271	Handles unsupported Alexa requests by returning a standard message.
1272	Define custom pretty printing rules for the `Struct` class in iPython.
1273	Calculates the perplexity from a list of model losses.
1274	Builds and returns the model described in the corresponding configuration file.
1275	Start interaction with the model using a configuration, receive input, generate predictions, and handle exit commands.
1276	A function to make predictions on a stream of data using a model described in a configuration file. It reads input from either a file or standard input, processes it in batches, and prints the predictions.
1277	Reads input file in CONLL-U format
1278	Returns a function object with the name given in string.
1279	Decorator for registering metrics.
1280	Returns a metric callable with a corresponding name from the registry.
1281	Converts a string label representing a decay type to its corresponding special index.
1282	Finding the best value from a list based on corresponding losses, with considerations for maximum and minimum loss divergence. The function returns the best value divided by a minimum value division factor.
1283	Embed one text sample and return list of embedded tokens or array of mean values.
1284	parses requirements from requirements.txt
1285	Calculates log loss for the given true and predicted values.
1286	Exports a TF-Hub module by creating a module spec, initializing a TensorFlow session, and exporting the module to a specified directory.
1287	Format catalog item output
1288	Create and return an Ecommerce agent with a specified skill model.
1289	Parse parameters and run MS Bot Framework server.
1290	Download a file from a URL to one or several target locations. If `force_download` is `True`, the file will be downloaded even if it already exists. If `force_download` is `False`, the function will check if the file already exists before downloading. If the file is not found, it will be cached and downloaded to the specified target locations.
1291	Extract the contents of a tar archive to a specified folder. If no folder is specified, the contents are extracted to the same directory as the archive.
1292	Download and extract a .tar.gz or .gz file to one or several target locations, and delete the archive if extraction is successful.
1293	Updates `editable_dict` recursively using the key-value pairs from `editing_dict`. If a value in `editing_dict` is a dictionary, the function calls itself to handle nested updates. If the value is not a dictionary, it updates the corresponding key in `editable_dict`.
1294	Given a file URL, append '.md5' to the path and return the modified URL.
1295	Given a URL, set or replace a query parameter and return the modified URL.
1296	Returns Amazon Alexa compatible state of the PlainText instance. Creating Amazon Alexa response blank with populated "outputSpeech" and "card sections. Returns: response: Amazon Alexa representation of PlainText state.
1297	Returns the JSON-compatible state of the Button instance.
1298	Converts the Button instance to a dictionary representation compatible with the MS Bot Framework
1299	Returns the JSON-compatible state of the ButtonsFrame instance, including all nested buttons.
1300	Returns the MS Bot Framework compatible state of the ButtonsFrame instance.
1301	Computes the F-1 score between y_true and y_predicted using the best matching y_true answer
1302	Returns the recall at k ranking metric.
1303	Return True if at least one GPU is available.
1304	Recursively apply config's variables values to its property
1305	Parse config file and apply its values to all its properties.
1306	Converts relative paths to absolute paths, resolving the user directory.
1307	Unspecified
1308	Thread run method implementation.
1309	Deletes a Conversation instance based on the provided conversation key and logs the deletion.
1310	Conducts periodic cleanup of certificates with expired validation by setting up a timer, identifying expired certificates, and removing them from the valid certificates dictionary.
1311	Verifies an Alexa request against Amazon Alexa requirements using the provided signature, certificate URL, and request body.
1312	Alexa request processor.
1313	Returns a class object with the name given as a string.
1314	Register classes for initialization from JSON configuration. If name not provided, class name is converted to snake-case.
1315	Returns a registered class object with the name given in the string.
1316	Extracts the full regularization path explored during lambda search from a glm model. :param model: source lambda search model
1317	Create a custom GLM model using the given coefficients. Needs to be passed source model trained on the dataset to extract the dataset information from.
1318	Create H2OCluster object from a list of key-value pairs, ignoring certain keys and setting valid ones.
1319	Shut down the H2O server
1320	Determine if the H2O cluster is running or not.
1321	Prints the current cluster status information, optionally including detailed information about each node.
1322	Lists all jobs performed by the cluster and returns a table with the job type, destination, description, and status.
1323	Return the list of all known timezones.
1324	Update information in this object from another H2OCluster instance.
1325	Extracts and processes parameters for a metalearner algorithm, converting them from a string representation to a dictionary if necessary and handling cases where parameters may be single values.
1326	Repeatedly tests a function until it returns True, with a specified timeout and retry delay.
1327	Return the summary for a single column for a single Frame in the h2o cluster
1328	Delete a frame on the H2O cluster by its key.
1329	Return model builders or all model builders from the H2O cluster.
1330	Check a dictionary of model builder parameters on the h2o cluster using the given algorithm and model parameters.
1331	Score a model on the h2o cluster on the given Frame and return only the model metrics.
1332	ModelMetrics list
1333	Delete a model on the h2o cluster, given its key.
1334	Convert this GGStatement into its R equivalent expression
1335	Create a new reservation for a specified number of EC2 instances with the given configuration, wait for them to start, and optionally wait for SSH access.
1336	Terminate all the instances given by their IDs.
1337	stop all the instances given by its ids
1338	Start all instances given by their ids in the specified region.
1339	Reboots EC2 instances specified by their IDs in the given region.
1340	Waits for SSH service to appear on given hosts.
1341	Return fully qualified function name. This method attempts to find the full name of a given function object, either in the form "<class name>.<method name>" for class methods or "<module name>.<func name>" for regular functions. This is an attempt to back-port func.__qualname__ to Python 2.
1342	Find the function object corresponding to a given compiled function code within a frame's local and global variables.
1343	Returns function's declared arguments as a string, with an optional highlight
1344	Word-wrap a piece of text to a maximum line length with optional indentation.
1345	Wait until job's completion.
1346	Trains the H2O model with specified parameters such as predictor columns, response column, training frame, offset column, fold column, weights column, validation frame, maximum runtime, ignored columns, model ID, and verbosity.
1347	Fits an H2O model as part of a scikit-learn pipeline or grid search, issuing a warning if used outside the sklearn framework.
1348	Obtain parameters for this estimator. Used primarily for sklearn Pipelines and sklearn grid search.
1349	Helper function to handle caught signals. It prevents recursive handling of signals and terminates the runner if a signal is caught.
1350	Given an output directory, clear it. If the operation fails, print an error message and exit.
1351	Remove the sandbox directories if they exist under a given parent directory.
1352	Look at the stdout log and figure out which port the JVM chose. If successful, store the port number in self.port; otherwise, terminate the program after waiting for up to 30s.
1353	Look at the stdout log and wait until a cluster of the specified size is formed. This call is blocking and will exit if it fails after a certain number of retries.
1354	node shutdown.
1355	Normal cluster shutdown.
1356	Return the IP address of a node to communicate with the cluster.
1357	Return a port to use to talk to this cluster.
1358	Calculates and returns the coordinates of the ROC curve for a given set of data, based on the specified parameters for training, validation, and cross-validation. If only one type of data is requested, it returns its ROC values as a two-tuple. If multiple types of data are requested, it returns a dictionary containing their ROC values, each as a two-tuple of false positive rates and true positive rates.
1359	Determines vec_size for a pre-trained model after basic model verification by checking the types of the columns.
1360	Calculate the mean absolute error between actual and predicted values in a regression model.
1361	The mean squared error regression loss, which measures the average squared difference between actual and predicted responses.
1362	Calculate the median absolute error between actual and predicted values
1363	Explained variance regression score function.
1364	Asserts that the argument has the specified type, otherwise raises an H2OTypeError.
1365	Assert that a string variable matches a given regular expression. Raise an error if the match fails.
1366	This function `assert_satisfies` checks if the provided variable `v` meets the specified condition `cond`. If the condition is not met, it raises a `H2OValueError` with a detailed message.
1367	Helper function to retrieve the arguments from an assert statement.
1368	Check if the variable is of the specified type and return True if it is, and False otherwise. Handle various types including None, primitive types, str, int, numeric, MagicType, class types, list literals, set literals, tuple literals, dict literals, and functions.
1369	Return the name of the provided type as a string.
1370	Attempt to find the source code of the `lambda_fn` within the string `src`.
1371	Return True if the variable does not match any of the types, and False otherwise.
1372	Check whether the provided value is a valid enum constant.
1373	Retrieve the configuration as a dictionary of key-value pairs.
1374	Find and parse config file, storing all variables in ``self._config``.
1375	Return possible locations for the .h2oconfig file, one at a time.
1376	Start the progress bar, and return only when the progress reaches 100%.
1377	Save the model progress and update the next poll time based on the provided result and current timestamp.
1378	Compute t0, x0, v0, ve for model parameters based on the current time and progress. Adjust for any overshoot or speed violations.
1379	Estimate the moment when the underlying process is expected to reach completion based on recent progress data and ensure that the estimated completion time is not less than the next poll time unless the actual progress is 100%.
1380	Determine when to query the progress status next. This function is used if the external progress function did not return a time interval for the next query.
1381	Calculate the modelled progress state (x, v) for a given time moment t, using the epidemic SIR model parameters.
1382	Return the projected time when progress level `x_target` will be reached using the Newton method to solve the nonlinear progress equation `x(t) = x_target`.
1383	Prints the rendered string to the stdout, handling carriage return based on the file mode and whether this is the final output.
1384	Initial rendering stage to compute widths of all widgets
1385	Attempts to find the terminal width of the current STDOUT in characters. If STDOUT is not a terminal, it assumes a width of 80 characters. It tries to get the dimensions using the `stty` shell command, then checks with `ioctl`, and finally uses the `COLUMNS` environment variable. Returns the width found, defaulting to 80 if none can be determined.
1386	Inform the widget about the encoding of the underlying character stream and set the bar symbols accordingly.
1387	Returns encoding map as an object that maps 'column_name' -> 'frame_with_encoding_map_for_this_column_name'. Maps column names from integer indices if provided, sets response and fold column names accordingly, and applies target encoding using an ExprNode.
1388	Retrieve an existing H2OFrame from the H2O cluster using the frame's id.
1389	Reload frame information from the backend H2O server.
1390	Method for determining the type of a column in an H2O frame
1391	Extract columns of the specified type from the frame.
1392	Display summary information about the frame. Summary includes min/mean/max/sigma and other rollup data.
1393	Generate an in-depth description of this H2OFrame, including dimensions, column names/types/summary statistics, and the first few rows. Optionally, retrieve and display chunk and distribution summaries if specified.
1394	Return a new H2OFrame with the first ``rows`` and ``cols`` of the current frame.
1395	A method for multiplying the current H2OFrame matrix by another matrix, returning a new H2OFrame with the result.
1396	Get the factor levels. Returns a list of lists, one list per column, of levels.
1397	Get the number of factor levels for each categorical column. Returns a list of the number of levels per column if available, otherwise returns 0.
1398	Sets all column values to a specified level in an H2OFrame.
1399	Replace the levels of a categorical column. New levels must be aligned with the old domain. This call has copy-on-write semantics.
1400	Change names of columns in the frame.
1401	Change names of all columns in the frame
1402	Set a new name for a column.
1403	Test whether elements of an H2OFrame are contained in the ``item`` and return an H2OFrame of 0s and 1s indicating the presence of each element in the original H2OFrame.
1404	Builds a fold assignments column for cross-validation using the current row number modulo `n_folds`. Returns a single-column H2OFrame with the fold assignments.
1405	Builds a fold assignment column with the same class distribution in each fold using H2O.
1406	Display the internal structure of an H2OFrame in a compact format, including dimensions and variable details.
1407	Obtain the dataset as either a pandas DataFrame or a list of lists, with the option to include or exclude the header.
1408	Remove a column at a specified index or name from the H2OFrame.
1409	Computes quantiles for a given set of probabilities and combine method, optionally using weights.
1410	Concatenate multiple H2OFrames to this frame, either column-wise or row-wise.
1411	Append data to this frame column-wise.
1412	Append data to this frame row-wise.
1413	Split a frame into distinct subsets based on given ratios and optional destination frames.
1414	Return a new ``GroupBy`` object using this frame and the desired grouping columns.
1415	Returns a new Frame that fills NA along a given axis and along a given direction with a maximum fill length
1416	Imputes missing values into the frame, modifying it in-place.
1417	Merges two datasets based on common column names, with options to include all rows from either dataset and choose the merge method (auto, radix, or hash).
1418	Reorder levels of an H2O factor for one single column of a H2O frame
1419	Randomly inserts missing values into the current H2O dataset, modifying it in-place.
1420	Computes the variance-covariance matrix of a H2OFrame, optionally with another H2OFrame. Handles missing values based on the specified method. Returns a matrix or scalar depending on the input.
1421	Computes the correlation matrix of one or two H2OFrames.
1422	Compute a pairwise distance measure between all rows of two numeric H2OFrames.
1423	Convert columns in the current frame to categoricals.
1424	Split the strings in the target column on the given regular expression pattern.
1425	Check if the input sequence exists in a sequence of strings and return a sequence of their counts.
1426	For each string, return a new string that is a substring of the original string. If end_index is not specified, the substring extends to the end of the original string. Negative start_index is coerced to 0. If start_index is longer than the length of the string or greater than or equal to end_index, an empty string is returned.
1427	Return a copy of the column with leading characters removed. The set argument is a string specifying the set of characters to be removed. If omitted, the set argument defaults to removing whitespace.
1428	For each string compute its Shannon entropy, if the string is empty the entropy is 0. Returns an H2OFrame of Shannon entropies.
1429	Counts the number of valid substrings of length 2 or more from each string in the given line-separated text file.
1430	Compute and return the counts of values appearing in a column or co-occurrence counts between two columns, using an optional dense representation.
1431	Compute a histogram over a numeric column and optionally plot it using matplotlib.
1432	Computes the iSAX index for DataFrame assumed to be numeric time series data.
1433	Substitute the first occurrence of a pattern in a string with a replacement string in an H2OFrame.
1434	Translate characters from lower to upper case for a particular column.
1435	Searches for matches to a given pattern within each element of a string column, returning indices of matching elements or a logical vector based on the specified parameters.
1436	Remove rows with NAs from the H2OFrame.
1437	Conduct a diff-1 transform on a numeric frame column.
1438	Determines if each element in an H2OFrame is NA or not, returning an H2OFrame of 1s and 0s indicating NA status.
1439	Extract the "minute" part from a date column and return a single-column H2OFrame containing it. The returned column's values are integers representing the minute part of the date.
1440	Generates a column of random numbers drawn from a uniform distribution [0,1) and having the same data layout as the source frame.
1441	Constructs a column for stratified random splitting of rows into "train" and "test" groups based on a specified fraction and random seed.
1442	Cut a numeric vector into categorical "buckets" for single-column H2OFrame.
1443	Get the index of the max value in a column or row, with options to ignore NAs and specify the search direction.
1444	Applies a lambda expression to an H2OFrame. The function takes a lambda function and an axis parameter (0 for column-wise, 1 for row-wise) as input and returns a new H2OFrame with the results of applying the lambda function to each column or row, respectively.
1445	Parses code from a string of text.
1446	Parses the provided file and returns a Code object.
1447	Move the token by `drow` rows and `dcol` columns.
1448	Convert the parsed representation back into source code.
1449	Get the sizes of each cluster. Returns a dictionary of metrics if more than one option is set to True, otherwise returns the cluster sizes for the specified key(s).
1450	Return the centers for the KMeans model.
1451	Return the standardized centers for the kmeans model.
1452	Connect to an existing H2O server, remote or local.
1453	Perform a REST API request to a previously connected server.
1454	Check the compatibility between the h2o-python module and the H2O server by comparing their versions. Raises an error if there is a mismatch in versions. Also, prints a warning if the H2O cluster version is too old.
1455	Import a single file or collection of files from a specified path and optionally match files using a regular expression pattern. Returns a `H2OFrame` with the content of the file(s).
1456	Upload a dataset from the provided local path to the H2O cluster.
1457	Import a dataset from a file path and optionally parse it into an H2OFrame.
1458	Import a Hive table into an H2OFrame in memory.
1459	Import a SQL table into an H2OFrame.
1460	Import an SQL table into H2OFrame using the specified SQL query and database credentials.
1461	Parses a dataset using a given setup structure and returns an H2OFrame object.
1462	Create a deep clone of the frame `data` by assigning it a new frame ID `xid`.
1463	Returns the model object based on the model_id.
1464	returns an :class:`H2OGridSearch` instance
1465	Obtain a handle to a frame in H2O using the frame_id key.
1466	Download the POJO for a model to the specified directory or print to the screen; also download the h2o-genmodel.jar if needed.
1467	Downloads an H2O data set to a CSV file on the local disk.
1468	Download H2O log files to disk.
1469	Export a given H2OFrame to a path on the machine the Python session is currently connected to.
1470	Converts an H2O data object into a Python-specific object, optionally using pandas for parsing. Returns a list of lists or a pandas DataFrame.
1471	Run a built-in demonstration for a specified H2O function.
1472	Imports a data file located relative to the 'h2o_data' folder, searching for the file with and without a '.csv' extension. Raises an error if the file is not found.
1473	Create Model Metrics from predicted and actual values in H2O.
1474	Upload a file into DKV and save it under a given key as a raw object.
1475	Uploads a custom metrics function into an H2O cluster. The function can be defined as a class or a string, and can implement the map, reduce, and metric methods. If the function is provided as a string, class_name must also be specified. The function is saved into a jar file and uploaded into the H2O cluster.
1476	Check that the provided frame id is valid in Rapids language.
1477	Convert a number of bytes into a human-readable format, such as KB, MB, or GB.
1478	Return a "canonical" version of slice by ensuring non-negative indices and no None values.
1479	Return True if the slice `s` is in "normalized" form.
1480	Score a Pandas DataFrame using a MOJO model from an H2O zip file.
1481	Scores a CSV file using a MOJO model provided as a zip file.
1482	Mark a function as deprecated and print a warning message when it is called.
1483	Wait until the job finishes computing.
1484	Obtains details of a hidden layer's features for a dataset across multiple models.
1485	Print a detailed summary of the explored models.
1486	### Summary:
Print models sorted by metric.
1487	Retrieves and optionally displays the hyperparameters of a model explored by grid search.
1488	Return dictionary with hyperparameters used to train the model with the given ID.
1489	Retrieve an H2OGridSearch instance. Optionally specify a metric by which to sort models and a sort order.
1490	Retrieve F1 values for a set of thresholds for models explored. Return a dictionary of F1 values based on the specified options.
1491	Return the importance of components associated with a PCA model.
1492	Convert the models archetypes back to the original feature space using the provided test data.
1493	Produces a scree plot based on variances in the model's importance. Can display as a bar plot or line plot. Requires the ``matplotlib`` library.
1494	Convert names with underscores into camelcase.
1495	Returns text dedented to a specified indentation level by first removing common indentation and then adding the specified amount of indentation to each line.
1496	Extract the various operation time for GLRM model building iterations from a Java log text file.
1497	Parse user input, execute commands, extract run summary, and store result in JSON file
1498	Close an existing H2O session; once closed, it cannot be used again.
1499	Return the session id of the current connection. If the session id has not been issued yet, it is requested through an API request. The session id will stay the same until the connection is closed.
1500	Start logging all API requests to the provided destination. If dest is None, a new temporary file will be created.
1501	Returns a copy of the `data` object, preparing it for sending to the server. Converts the data into a format suitable for x-www-form-urlencoded or multipart/form-data mechanisms.
1502	Prepare `filename` to be sent to the server. Create a data structure suitable for passing to requests.request(). Return None if `filename` is empty. Raise H2OValueError if file does not exist.
1503	""Log the beginning of an API request with details such as endpoint, parameters, body, JSON, and files."
1504	Logs the response from an API request including status code, elapsed time, content type, and response text.
1505	Log the message `msg` to the destination `self._logging_dest`.

If this destination is a file name, append the message and close the file immediately. If it's an open file handle, write the message and do not close it.
1506	Process the response object to be handed over to the external caller by detecting the response status and content type, and handling exceptions and errors appropriately.
1507	Helper function to print connection status messages when in verbose mode.
1508	Retrieve information about an AutoML instance, including its project name, leader model, and leaderboard.
1509	Download the POJO for the leader model in AutoML to the specified directory.
1510	Download the leader model in AutoML in MOJO format.
1511	Fit this object by computing the means and standard deviations used by the transform method.
1512	Scale an H2OFrame with the fitted means and standard deviations.
1513	Undo the scale transformation
1514	Remove extra characters before a specific string in a given input string, particularly useful for processing Jenkins console output.
1515	Find the slave machine where a Jenkins job was executed on. It will save this information in g_failed_test_info_dict and remove the function handle from temp_func_list.
1516	Find the git hash and branch info that a Jenkins job was taken from and update global dictionary with this information. Additionally, remove the current function from the temp_func_list.
1517	Check if a Jenkins job has taken too long to finish and was killed. It will save this information in g_failed_test_info_dict.
1518	Check for specific build failure messages in a Jenkins console log and update global variables accordingly. If a failure message is found, set failure indicators and remove the current function from the processing list. Return `False` to stop further text mining.
1519	Find the build id of a jenkins job. It will save this information in g_failed_test_info_dict and delete the function handle from temp_func_list.
1520	Extracts job build URL from user input and populates global variables with job name, Jenkins URL, and view name.
1521	Scan through the Java output text to extract bad Java messages that may occur during unit tests, excluding those recorded in `g_ok_java_messages`.
1522	Saves the log scraping results into separate log files for failed and passed tests, appending the build ID to the filenames. It also writes the results to a pickle file and individual text files for failed and passed tests.
1523	Concatenate all log files into a summary text file to be sent to users at the end of a daily log scraping.
1524	This function writes the content of a log file into a summary text file.
1525	Write Java messages that are not associated with a unit test into a log file.
1526	Load pickle file that contains dict structure with bad java messages to ignore per unit test or for all cases. The ignored bad java info is stored in g_ok_java_messages dict.
1527	Converts an enum constant `s` to a canonical snake-case string. If `s` is already in lowercase, it returns `s` unchanged. If `s` is in uppercase, it converts it to lowercase. For mixed cases, it converts each uppercase character to lowercase and inserts an underscore before it, then removes any leading or trailing underscores.
1528	Return the top "count" synonyms for a given word using a Word2Vec model, sorted by their similarity scores.
1529	Wait until the job finishes. This method continuously queries the server about the status of the job until it reaches completion. During this time, it displays a progress bar with the % completion status. If verbose model scoring history is enabled, it also prints verbose information at certain intervals. If the job is cancelled or fails, appropriate warnings or exceptions are raised.
1530	Converts the munging operations performed on H2OFrame into a POJO and optionally downloads the h2o-genmodel.jar file needed to compile the POJO.
1531	Perform munging operations on a specified H2OFrame according to defined steps and return the modified H2OFrame.
1532	Computes the percentile of a sorted list of values with an optional interpolation method.
1533	Dictionary of the default parameters of the model.
1534	Extracts a dictionary of actual parameters from a model, mapping specific keys to their actual values or defaulting to the entire "actual_value" if not in the mapping.
1535	Return hidden layer details.
1536	Retrieve and return the model's score history as an H2OTwoDimTable or a Pandas DataFrame, or print a message if no score history is available.
1537	Print model details including type, key, summary, training, validation, and cross-validation metrics, as well as scoring history and variable importances.
1538	Print or return variable importances based on model output.
1539	Retrieve the residual degrees of freedom for the training or validation set if the model has the attribute, or None otherwise.
1540	Return the coefficients for the model's output. If `standardize` is `True`, return the coefficients for the standardized data; if `False`, return the coefficients fit directly.
1541	Download POJO for a model to a specified directory, optionally downloading the h2o-genmodel.jar.
1542	Download the model in MOJO format and optionally the H2O-genmodel.jar file.
1543	Save Model Details of an H2O Model in JSON Format to disk.
1544	Check that y_actual and y_predicted have the same length. Raises ValueError if they do not match.
1545	Obtain a list of cross-validation models.
1546	GBM model demo.
1547	Deep Learning model demo. This demo uploads a dataset to h2o, parses it, and shows a description. Then it divides the dataset into training and test sets, builds a GLM from the training set, and makes predictions for the test set. Finally, default performance metrics are displayed.
1548	GLM model demo
1549	Wait for a key press on the console and return it
1550	Convert to a python 'data frame'.
1551	Prints the contents of a table with optional header and truncated view.
1552	Start a new H2O server on the local machine with specified parameters.
1553	Attempts to find the location of an h2o.jar executable. If an explicitly given path is provided, it checks if the file exists at that location. If not, it searches for the executable in the locations returned by ._jar_paths(). Raises an exception if no h2o.jar executable can be found after searching through the specified paths.
1554	Checks potential paths for an h2o.jar executable.
1555	```plaintext
Retrieve the Hit Ratios for training, validation, or cross-validation data.
```
1556	Write a dictionary to a CSV file with unicode delimiter support.
1557	Convert URI to absolute filepath.
1558	Convert directory path to URI by replacing the root path with the package name and replacing path separators with dots.
1559	Parse lines of text for functions and classes, sorting and returning them
1560	generate - autodoc documentation template string for a module
1561	Return a sequence of module names discovered from the package.
1562	Generate API reST files in the specified directory.
1563	Generates a reST API index file from written files
1564	Convert this confusion matrix into a 2x2 plain list of values.
1565	Load java messages that can be ignored pickle file into a dict structure.
1566	Add new Java messages to ignore from a user text file. This involves reading new messages, generating a dictionary from them, and updating the global dictionary of ignored Java messages.
1567	Update the `g_ok_java_messages` dict by adding or removing java ignored messages based on the action.
1568	Read in a text file containing ignored Java messages and generate a dictionary structure where the keys are test names and the values are lists of Java message strings. The text file format includes key-value pairs with keys specifying test names or "general" and values containing message strings. The function processes the file line by line, updating the dictionary with the extracted messages.
1569	Save the ignored java message dict stored in g_ok_java_messages into a pickle file for future use.
1570	Write the java ignored messages in g_ok_java_messages into a text file for humans to read.
1571	Parse user inputs from the command line arguments and set global variables based on the provided flags.
1572	```plaintext
Illustrate the various input flags and options for the script.
```
1573	Find all Python files in the given directory and all subfolders.
1574	Searches for specific magic incantations in a file and returns the spell and any extra words found, or None if no magic is present.
1575	Executes the main script functionality
1576	Transforms an H2OFrame using a MOJO Pipeline.
1577	Look at the local directory and pick out files that have the correct start name and summarize the results into one giant dict.
1578	This function extracts intermittent failed tests from a larger dictionary, `g_summary_dict_all`, based on a failure threshold, `g_threshold_failure`. It adds these tests to `g_summary_dict_intermittents`. If any intermittent tests are found, the function saves the dictionary to a file and prints details about each intermittent test, including the test name, the most recent failure time, the number of failures, and the test category.
1579	Generate and display a Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) plot for a given set of false positive rates (FPRs) and true positive rates (TPRs).
1580	Get the confusion matrix for specified metrics and thresholds.
1581	Returns True if a deep water model can be built, or False otherwise.
1582	Remove data from the summary text file and the dictionary file for tests older than the specified number of months.
1583	Return endpoints, grouped by the class which handles them.
1584	```
update_site_forward``: Function to set the domain and name of a site using Django's ``update_or_create`` method.
1585	Adds the `default_data` to `data` and dumps it to a JSON string.
1586	Comments the latest medias of a specified user, optionally limiting the number of medias commented. Returns True if successful, False otherwise.
1587	Reads `username` and `password` from `secret.txt`, prompts the user to select an account or add/delete accounts.
1588	Likes the medias of the last user_id's feed.
1589	Likes last medias from a given hashtag.
1590	Filter bot from real users based on user information and various criteria.
1591	Reads list from file. One line - one item. Returns the list if file items.
1592	This function adds a scheduled enqueue time to a message. It first ensures that a message ID is set, then adds an annotation to the message's annotations dictionary with the key "x-opt-scheduled-enqueue-time" and the given schedule time.
1593	Defer the message. The message will remain in the queue but must be received specifically by its sequence number in order to be processed. Raises exceptions if the message has been settled, message lock has already expired, session lock has already expired, or message settle operation fails.
1594	Get the SAS URL to download configurations for VPN sites in a resource group.
1595	Python Autorest options guessed based on the spec path.
1596	Updates a running PowerShell command with more data.
1597	Deletes a managed application definition by its ID, with options for custom headers, raw response, polling, and operation configuration. Returns an LROPoller that handles the operation asynchronously or directly if raw=True.
1598	Creates or updates a managed application definition by ID, supporting custom headers, raw response options, and polling strategies. Returns an LROPoller for the operation.
1599	Returns the target URI for the given request.
1600	Create a connection for the request with the specified protocol, host, and optional proxy settings.
1601	Sends request to cloud service server and returns the response.
1602	Executes script actions on the specified HDInsight cluster.
1603	Check the availability of a Front Door resource name.
1604	Permanently deletes the specified soft-deleted Azure key vault.
1605	Returns the URI for the authorization server if present, otherwise an empty string.
1606	Extracts the host authority from the given URI and validates its scheme.
1607	Return a CLI profile class.
1608	Returns Credentials and default SubscriptionID (and tenant ID if specified) of the current loaded Azure CLI profile.
1609	Gets predictions for a given utterance, in the form of intents and entities. The current maximum query size is 500 characters.
1610	Check Name Availability for global uniqueness.
1611	Opens the request using the specified method and URL.
1612	Sets up the timeout for the request in milliseconds.
1613	Sets the request header.
1614	Get all response headers from a WinHttpRequest object.
1615	Sends the request body. If the request is none, it sends a VT_EMPTY for GET and HEAD requests. Otherwise, it sends the request body as a SAFEArray.
1616	This interface is used to get the status of the response.
1617	Gets the status text of a response.
1618	Get response body as a SAFEARRAY and convert it to a str
1619	Sets client certificate for the request.
1620	Opens an HTTP connection using the provided method and URI, with optional SSL/TLS client certificate if specified.
1621	Sends the headers of request.
1622	Sends a request with an optional body.
1623	Gets the response and generates the _Response object by extracting status, status text, headers, and body from an HTTP request.
1624	Simplifies an ID by removing a specified prefix and extracting the part that follows a forward slash.
1625	converts a Python name into a serializable name
1626	HTTP operation to verify whether two faces belong to the same person.
1627	Adds a job to the specified account.
1628	Get properties from entry XML.
1629	descends through a hierarchy of nodes returning the list of children at the inner most level. Only returns children who share a common parent, not cousins.
1630	Recursively searches from the parent to the child, gathering all the applicable namespaces along the way
1631	Converts XML response to service bus namespace
1632	Converts xml response to service bus region by parsing the xml string and extracting region code and full name.
1633	Converts an XML response to a service bus namespace availability object.
1634	Converts an XML string to service bus metrics objects by parsing the XML and populating the object's attributes with the relevant data.
1635	Replaces the runbook draft content and returns an LROPoller object.
1636	Get domain name recommendations based on keywords.
1637	Asynchronously modifies a knowledgebase using the specified parameters and returns the operation results.
1638	A method that retrieves a collection of group object IDs for which the specified user is a member. It supports filtering based on security-enabled only and allows for additional properties and custom headers. The method handles paging and returns a deserialized response or the raw response if specified.
1639	Clones the given PR branch, builds the package with the given name, and optionally adds installation and download instructions as a comment to the PR.
1640	```json
"Imports data into Redis cache and returns an operation poller."
```
1641	Publish a runbook draft in a specified automation account and resource group, handling polling and custom headers as needed.
1642	Renew the lock on a message to ensure it is not returned to the queue for reprocessing. This operation can only be performed for non-sessionful messages and raises specific errors if the message is sessionful or if the lock has already expired.
1643	Replace alterations data.
1644	Adds a new version of a secret resource with the specified value and version identifier.
1645	Returns system properties for the specified storage account.
1646	Retrieves the primary and secondary access keys for a specified storage account.
1647	Regenerates the primary or secondary access key for a specified storage account.
1648	Create a new storage account in Windows Azure with the specified parameters.
1649	Update Storage Account.
1650	Deletes the specified storage account from Windows Azure.
1651	Checks if the specified storage account name is available or already taken.
1652	Retrieves system properties for the specified hosted service, including properties for the service itself and optionally its deployments, based on the provided parameters.
1653	Creates a new hosted service in Windows Azure. A hosted service is a logically distinct environment where one or more roles and their data are co-located. The function takes parameters such as service name, label, and optional description, location, affinity group, and extended properties to create the hosted service.
1654	Deletes the specified hosted service from Windows Azure, with the option to also delete associated OS/data disks and storage blobs.
1655	Uploads a new service package and creates a new deployment on staging or production.
1656	Deletes the specified deployment.
1657	Swap the active deployment environment of a service between staging and production.
1658	Change the configuration of a deployment in a hosted service.
1659	Initiates a change in deployment status for a specified service and deployment.
1660	Initiates an upgrade for a deployment in a hosted service.
1661	Specifies the next upgrade domain to be walked during manual in-place upgrade or configuration change.
1662	Requests a reboot of a role instance that is running in a deployment.
1663	Reinstalls the operating system on instances of web roles or worker roles and initializes the storage resources that are used by them.
1664	Checks availability of a specified hosted service name.
1665	Lists all service certificates associated with the specified hosted service.
1666	Retrieves the public data for the specified X.509 certificate associated with a hosted service using the given service name, thumbprint algorithm, and thumbprint in hexadecimal format.
1667	Adds a certificate to a hosted service.
1668	Deletes a service certificate from the certificate store of a hosted service.
1669	Retrieves information about the management certificate with the specified thumbprint.
1670	Add Management Certificate.
1671	Delete Management Certificate.
1672	Returns the system properties associated with the specified affinity group.
1673	Creates a new affinity group for the specified subscription.
1674	Deletes an affinity group in the specified subscription.
1675	List subscription operations with optional filtering by start time, end time, object ID, operation result, and continuation token.
1676	Reserves an IPv4 address for the specified subscription.
1677	Deletes a reserved IP address from the specified subscription.
1678	Associates an existing reserved IP address to a deployment. Mandatory parameters include the name of the reserved IP, the hosted service, and the deployment. An optional parameter is the name of the VirtualIP, which defaults to the default virtualIP if not specified.
1679	Disassociate an existing reserved IP address from a given deployment.
1680	Retrieves information about the specified reserved IP address.
1681	Retrieves the specified role in a deployment.
1682	Provisions a virtual machine based on the supplied configuration.
1683	Adds a virtual machine to an existing deployment.
1684	Updates the specified virtual machine with various configuration options such as OS Virtual Hard Disk, Network Configuration, Availability Set, Data Virtual Hard Disks, and Role Size.
1685	Deletes a specified role in a deployment, optionally deleting associated disks and blobs.
1686	Captures a virtual machine image to your image gallery, allowing for the creation of additional customized virtual machines. Validates input parameters, then performs the capture operation asynchronously.
1687	Starts a virtual machine by specifying service name, deployment name, and role name. Validates the input parameters to ensure none are None. Uses the `_perform_post` method to send a start role operation to the server in XML format, with the operation marked as asynchronous.
1688	Starts the specified virtual machines.
1689	Restarts a specified virtual machine in the given service, deployment, and role.
1690	Stops the specified virtual machine and performs an optional post-shutdown action.
1691	Shuts down the specified virtual machines by specifying the service name, deployment name, role names, and the post-shutdown action.
1692	Adds a DNS server definition to an existing deployment.
1693	Updates the IP address of a DNS server for a specified service and deployment.
1694	Deletes a DNS server from a deployment.
1695	Lists the versions of a resource extension available for a Virtual Machine.
1696	Replicate a VM image to multiple target locations. This operation is only for publishers. You have to be registered as an image publisher with Microsoft Azure to call this method. The method takes in the VM image name, a list of regions to replicate the image to, the publisher-defined name of the offer, the publisher-defined name of the SKU, and the publisher-defined version of the image. The method validates the input parameters and then performs a PUT request to replicate the image to the specified regions. The `as_async` parameter is set to `True` to perform the operation asynchronously. The `x_ms_version` parameter is set to '2015-04-01'.
1697	Unreplicate a VM image from all regions. This operation is only for publishers.
1698	Share an already replicated OS image with specified permission.
1699	Creates a VM Image in the image repository associated with the specified subscription using virtual hard disks.
1700	Delete the specified VM Image from the image repository that is associated with the specified subscription, and optionally delete the underlying vhd blob in Azure storage.
1701	Retrieves a list of VM images from the image repository based on optional filter parameters such as location, publisher, and category.
1702	Updates a VM Image in the image repository associated with a specified subscription.
1703	Adds an OS image from a storage account to the image repository
1704	Updates an OS image in your image repository.
1705	Updates metadata elements of an OS image from a given reference.
1706	Deletes the specified OS image from your image repository.
Optionally deletes the underlying vhd blob in Azure storage.
1707	Retrieves the specified data disk from a virtual machine using the provided service name, deployment name, role name, and LUN.
1708	Adds a data disk to a virtual machine.
1709	Performs a PUT request to update the specified data disk attached to the specified virtual machine, updating parameters such as host caching, disk label, disk name, LUN, and logical disk size in GB.
1710	Remove a data disk from a virtual machine, optionally deleting the underlying VHD in Azure storage.
1711	Adds a disk to the user image repository.
1712	Updates an existing disk in your image repository with a new label.
1713	Deletes a disk from the image repository and optionally deletes the underlying VHD blob in Azure storage.
1714	Summarizes policy states for the resources under the management group.
1715	This function constructs a message receiver and sets its properties based on the handler's configuration.
1716	Receive a batch of messages at once.
1717	Renews the session lock to maintain message processing. The lock must be refreshed periodically, and losing it will close the connection. It can also be renewed automatically using a background task with `azure.servicebus.AutoLockRenew`.
1718	Create or update a VM scale set.
1719	Converts SinglePlacementGroup property to false for a existing virtual machine scale set.
1720	Profanity detection and blacklist matching service.
1721	Creates a new key in Azure Key Vault and returns its parameters and attributes.
1722	Imports an externally created key into Azure Key Vault and returns the key parameters and attributes.
1723	Update specified attributes of a stored key in Azure Key Vault. Note: The cryptographic material of a key itself cannot be changed. This operation requires the keys/update permission.
1724	Sets a secret in a specified key vault.
1725	Updates or adds a specified certificate issuer using the Azure Key Vault API.
1726	Create a Service Bus client from a connection string.
1727	Get an async client for a subscription entity by specifying the topic name and subscription name. It raises ServiceBusConnectionError if the namespace is not found and ServiceBusResourceNotFound if the subscription is not found.
1728	Get an async client for all subscription entities in a specified topic.
1729	Send one or more messages to the current entity using a single-use connection.
1730	Gets a Sender for the Service Bus endpoint.
1731	Get a Receiver for the Service Bus endpoint.
1732	Get a Receiver for the deadletter endpoint of the entity.
1733	Extracts the request ID from the response header.
1734	Performs a GET request and returns the response based on the provided path and optional x-ms-version header.
1735	Performs a PUT request to a specified path with a given body and optional x-ms-version header, then returns the response.
1736	Waits for an asynchronous operation to complete by repeatedly calling get_operation_status and waiting for the specified status.
1737	Returns the status of the specified operation using the given request ID.
1738	**Summary:** Add additional headers for management requests, setting Content-Length, x-ms-version, and Content-Type as necessary.
1739	Prepare a package for deployment on Travis CI, validate the TRAVIS_TAG, and push the appropriate package version to a specified server.
1740	Method for listing certificates in a specified key vault.
1741	Get list of available service bus regions.
1742	List the service bus namespaces defined on the account.
1743	Returns the details of a specific service bus namespace.
1744	Create a new service bus namespace.
1745	Delete a service bus namespace.
1746	Checks if a specified service bus namespace is available.
1747	Retrieves the topics in the service namespace.
1748	Retrieves the notification hubs in the specified service bus namespace.
1749	Retrieves the relays in a specified service bus namespace.
1750	Get rollup data for Service Bus metrics queue, including time granularity and retention settings.
1751	Retrieves rollup data for a specific Service Bus metrics topic, including time granularity and retention settings.
1752	Get rollup data for Service Bus metrics notification hub, including time granularity and retention settings for each time granularity.
1753	Retrieve and convert rollup data for Service Bus metrics relay.
1754	Create a virtual environment in a directory with specified options and return the context.
1755	Creates a temporary virtual environment with specified packages and yields the environment.
1756	Create a new Azure SQL Database server.
1757	Reset the administrator password for a server.
1758	Get quotas for an Azure SQL Database Server.
1759	Get event logs for an Azure SQL Database Server between a specified start date and time, with a given interval size and event types.
1760	Creates an Azure SQL Database server firewall rule, validating input parameters before performing the POST request.
1761	Update a firewall rule for an Azure SQL Database server.
1762	**Summary:** Deletes an Azure SQL Database server firewall rule.
1763	Retrieves the set of firewall rules for an Azure SQL Database Server.
1764	Gets the service level objectives for an Azure SQL Database server.
1765	Creates a new Azure SQL Database.
1766	Updates existing database details.
1767	Deletes an Azure SQL Database.
1768	List the SQL databases defined on the specified server name
1769	Gets all legal agreements that user needs to accept before purchasing a domain.
1770	Closes down the handler connection. If the handler has already closed, this operation will do nothing. An optional exception can be passed in to indicate that the handler was shutdown due to an error. This operation is not thread-safe.
1771	Closes the receiver connection. If the receiver has already closed, this operation will do nothing. An optional exception can be passed in to indicate that the handler was shutdown due to error. It is recommended to open a handler within a context manager as opposed to calling the method directly. The receiver will be implicitly closed on completion of the message iterator, however this method will need to be called explicitly if the message iterator is not run to completion.
1772	This coroutine is used to fetch the current session state. It returns `None` if no state is set. The session state is expected to be in binary format, which is then decoded to UTF-8 before being returned.
1773	Set the session state.
1774	Receive deferred messages by sequence numbers.
1775	Merge two `Reservation`s into a new `Reservation`. The function takes parameters such as `reservation_order_id`, `sources`, `custom_headers`, `raw`, `polling`, and `operation_config`. It returns an instance of LROPoller that polls for the result of the merge operation.
1776	Verifies that the challenge is a Bearer challenge and extracts the key=value pairs.
1777	Purge data in an Azure Log Analytics workspace based on specified filters.
1778	Handle connection and service errors, determine retry action based on error type.
1779	Creates a new queue. Once created, this queue's resource manifest is immutable.
1780	Deletes an existing queue. This operation will also remove all associated state including messages in the queue.
1781	Retrieves an existing queue.
1782	Creates a new topic with the specified name and configuration, returning True if successful. If `fail_on_exist` is True and the topic already exists, an exception may be raised.
1783	Retrieves the description for a specified topic.
1784	Creates a new rule for a subscription. If the rule already exists, it throws an exception unless `fail_on_exist` is set to False.
1785	Retrieves the description for the specified rule.
1786	Retrieves the rules associated with a specified subscription under a topic.
1787	Creates a new subscription for a given topic. Optionally checks if the subscription already exists and handles the case by either throwing an exception or ignoring it based on the `fail_on_exist` parameter.
1788	Retrieves an existing subscription by topic and subscription names.
1789	Retrieves the subscriptions in the specified topic.
1790	Enqueues a message into a specified topic. The method validates the topic name and message object, constructs an HTTP POST request with the appropriate headers and body, updates the request URI and headers, and then performs the request. If the topic exceeds its quota, a quota exceeded error is returned.
1791	Unlocks an existing lock on a message.
1792	Sends a batch of messages to a specified queue, ensuring the queue does not exceed its specified message size quota.
1793	Unlocks a message for processing by other receivers on a given queue.
1794	Receive a message from a queue for processing, optionally locking or deleting it.
1795	Receive a message from a subscription for processing depending on the peek_lock parameter.
1796	Creates a new Event Hub with the specified properties.
1797	Updates an Event Hub.
1798	Retrieves an existing event hub.
1799	Sends a new message event to an Event Hub
1800	Add additional headers for Service Bus requests, including content length, content type, and authorization.
1801	Return the signed string with token for authorization.
1802	Check if the token has expired by comparing its expiration time with the current time, with a buffer of 30 seconds.
1803	Returns a token for the request using the Service Bus service and access control server.
1804	Pulls query string from URI and updates request object with query parameters, handling existing parameters and encoding URLs.
1805	Update the service principal Profile for a managed cluster.
1806	For Azure ServiceBus, this method deletes a message based on whether a queue name or topic name and subscription name is found. It uses the SequenceNumber and LockToken from the broker_properties to delete the specific message. If neither the queue nor topic and subscription names are found, it raises an AzureServiceBusPeekLockError.
1807	Unlocks itself if find queue name or topic name and subscription name.
1808	Renews the lock for the message based on whether a queue name and broker properties are set or a topic name, subscription name, and broker properties are set. Raises an error if neither condition is met.
1809	Adds additional headers to a request for a message request, including custom properties, content-type, and broker properties.
1810	Returns the current message formatted as expected by the batch body format. Processes both regular and custom properties, converting them into a JSON-serializable dictionary.
1811	GET the health of a Service Fabric cluster. Filters can be applied to nodes, applications, and events, and options can be specified to exclude specific health statistics or return raw responses.
1812	Retrieves the health of a Service Fabric cluster using the specified policy. Allows filtering of node, application, and event health states, and provides options to exclude health statistics and include system application health statistics.
1813	Removes or unregisters a Service Fabric application type from the cluster. This operation can only be performed if all application instances of the application type have been deleted. Once the application type is unregistered, no new application instances can be created for this particular application type.
1814	Gets a list of repair tasks matching the given filters.
1815	Submits a batch of property operations to a Service Fabric service.
1816	Simple error handler for Azure that gathers error details and raises an AzureHttpError exception.
1817	Start capturing network packets for the site.
1818	Get the difference in configuration settings between two web app slots and return an iterator of `SlotDifference`.
1819	Swap two deployment slots of an app.
1820	Executes an OData query for events in Azure Application Insights, allowing filtering, sorting, and other options to retrieve specific data.
1821	Add face to a large face list using an image stream.
1822	Resets the `auth_attempted` attribute in the thread-local storage to `False` if the response `r` indicates a redirect.
1823	Creates migration configuration and starts migration of entities from Standard to Premium namespace.
1824	Publishes a batch of events to an Azure Event Grid topic.
1825	Moves resources from one resource group to another resource group.
1826	Define a new default profile.
1827	Queries policy tracked resources under the management group.
1828	Create a queue entity with various properties and settings.
1829	For a given queue_name, this method attempts to delete the specified queue and raises an appropriate error if the queue does not exist and fail_not_exist is set to True or if the namespace is not found.
1830	Create a topic entity with specified properties and handle exceptions related to namespace not found or topic already existing.
1831	Delete a topic entity. This method will delete the specified topic if it exists, and optionally raise an exception if the topic is not found or the namespace is not valid.
1832	Create a subscription entity with various properties.
1833	Create a `Client` from a Service Bus connection string.
1834	Update and retrieve the properties of the entity, handling potential exceptions related to resource not found, connection errors, and invalid credentials.
1835	Report whether the receiver's lock on a particular session has expired. Returns True if the lock has expired, otherwise False.
1836	Creates a session for a node, handling authentication and session properties, and managing the creation process with optional custom headers and various polling options.
1837	Creating an Azure subscription involves several parameters and steps. The `create_subscription` function takes in details about the billing account, invoice section, and subscription creation parameters. It then handles the creation process, including making an initial request, handling the response, and polling for the long-running operation using Azure's ARMPolling method. The function can also return the raw response or a deserialized `SubscriptionCreationResult`.
1838	Export logs showing API requests made by this subscription in the given time window for throttling activities.
1839	Scans output for exceptions and adds them to the results.
1840	Adds a chunk of tasks to the job. Retries chunk if body exceeds the maximum request size and retries tasks if failed due to server errors.
1841	Main method for worker to run. Pops a chunk of tasks off the collection of pending tasks to be added and submits them to be added.
1842	Builds the actual config for Jinja2 based on SDK config
1843	Resets the user password on an environment. This operation can take a while to complete. Returns an instance of LROPoller.
1844	Starts an environment by starting all resources inside the environment. Returns an instance of LROPoller that returns None or ClientRawResponse<None> if raw==True.
1845	Given a response and a service instance, create a message by extracting relevant information from the response headers and body.
1846	Convert an XML node to a rule object.
1847	Convert an XML response of a queue description to a Queue object.
1848	Converts an XML element representing a topic in Atom format to a `Topic` object, setting properties like `default_message_time_to_live`, `max_size_in_megabytes`, etc., based on the XML content. If the topic is invalid, raises an exception.
1849	Converts an XML element representing a subscription to a Subscription object.
1850	Create a new certificate inside the specified Batch account. Specify the resource group name, account name, certificate name, and additional parameters. Optional parameters include if_match, if_none_match, custom_headers, and raw. Returns an AzureOperationPoller that contains a Certificate or a ClientRawResponse if raw=true.
1851	Deletes the specified certificate in the given Batch account.
**Parameters:**
- `resource_group_name`: str - The name of the resource group that contains the Batch account.
- `account_name`: str - The name of the Batch account.
- `certificate_name`: str - The identifier for the certificate.
- `custom_headers`: dict - Additional headers to include in the request.
- `raw`: bool - Whether to return the raw response.

**Returns:**
- AzureOperationPoller[None] - Poller object to track the operation status.
1852	Return a SDK client initialized with current CLI credentials, CLI default subscription and CLI default cloud.
1853	Return a SDK client initialized with a JSON auth dict.
1854	Return a SDK client initialized with auth file.
1855	Parse a list of XML elements and construct a Python object with the parsed data.
1856	Get properties from an element tree element.
1857	Delete the Provisioning Service Certificate. Deletes the specified certificate associated with the Provisioning Service.
1858	Get a client for a queue entity by name.
1859	Get clients for all queue entities in the namespace.
1860	Get a client for a topic entity. :param topic_name: The name of the topic. :rtype: ~azure.servicebus.servicebus_client.TopicClient :raises: ~azure.servicebus.common.errors.ServiceBusConnectionError if the namespace is not found. :raises: ~azure.servicebus.common.errors.ServiceBusResourceNotFound if the topic is not found.
1861	Return list of TopicClient for all topic entities in the namespace.
1862	Receives messages by sequence number that have been previously deferred from a partitioned entity. Only messages from the same partition may be received at a time.
1863	Settle deferred messages that have been previously deferred.
1864	List the web sites defined on a specific webspace.
1865	Create a website with specified parameters and return the result.
1866	Deletes a website with the specified parameters, including the option to delete any associated metrics and the server farm if it would become empty after the deletion.
1867	Update a web site.
1868	Restart a web site.
1869	Get historical usage metrics for a specified website, with optional parameters for metric names, time range, and time grain. Returns an object containing the requested metrics.
1870	Get the metric definitions of metrics available for a specific website.
1871	This interface is used to retrieve a site's publish profile as a string. It takes the website's webspace name and website name as parameters.
1872	Get a site's publish profile as an object.
1873	Updates the policies for the specified container registry. Accepts parameters for resource group name, registry name, quarantine policy, trust policy, custom headers, and polling options. Returns an instance of LROPoller that provides the registry policies either as a deserialized object or a raw response.
1874	Create a new cloud service with the specified details.
1875	Check the availability of a new job collection name.
1876	Get the details of a job collection using cloud service ID and job collection ID
1877	Completes the restore operation on a managed database.
1878	Cancels one or more messages that have previously been scheduled and are still pending.
1879	Wait until all pending messages have been sent. returns: A list of the send results of all the pending messages. Each send result is a tuple with two values. The first is a boolean, indicating True if the message sent, or False if it failed. The second is an error if the message failed, otherwise it will be None. rtype: list[tuple[bool, ~azure.servicebus.common.errors.MessageSendFailed]]
1880	Reconnect the handler.
1881	Writes a certificate file to the specified location using the provided publish settings file and returns the subscription ID.
1882	Restore any stored cookies for the plugin that have not expired.
1883	Returns the width of the string it would be when displayed.
1884	Drops characters from the beginning of the string until the remaining substring, when encoded in UTF-8, fits within the specified maximum length considering the terminal width of each character.
1885	Clears out the previous line and prints a new one.
1886	Formats file size into a human-readable format (bytes, KB, MB, GB, TB).
1887	Formats elapsed seconds into a human readable format.
1888	status - creates a formatted string with a maximum size.
1889	progress an iterator and updates a pretty status line to the terminal.
1890	Generate segment numbers and their availability times based on the playlist type. For static playlists, the segment numbers start from `startNumber` and count up to the number of segments based on the duration. For dynamic playlists, the segment numbers start at the time since `availabilityStartTime` and continue with a suggested delay. Yield each segment number and its availability time as a tuple.
1891	Generate segments based on available resources.
1892	Pauses the thread for a specified time. Returns False if interrupted by another thread and True if the time runs out normally.
1893	Adds a segment to the download pool and write queue.
1894	Puts a value into a queue but aborts if this thread is closed.
1895	Returns any parameters needed for Akamai HD player verification.
1896	Extract nonce from redirect URL query string
1897	Find the Video Packet ID in the HTML for the provided URL.
1898	Serialise the document to a dict ready for serialisation to JSON.
1899	Wraps ElementTree.fromstring with additional features for handling incorrectly encoded XML, stripping namespace information, and wrapping errors in a custom exception with a snippet of the data.
1900	Parses a query string into a dictionary, favoring simplicity over duplicate key preservation. Optionally validates the parsed data using a schema.
1901	Search for a key in a nested dictionary or list of nested dictionaries and return the associated values.
1902	r Spawn a process with specified parameters, arguments, and options. Handles timeout and stderr redirection. Returns the spawned process.
1903	Returns a generator yielding `Tag` objects for the specified HTML tag.
1904	Attempt to parse a DASH manifest file and return its streams
1905	Determine the Unicode encoding of a JSON text sample based on the pattern of NULL bytes in the first 4 octets.
1906	Parses JSON data from a response object.
1907	Method to parse XML from a response.
1908	Parse a semi-colon delimited list of cookies.
1909	Parses a semi-colon delimited list of headers into a dictionary.
1910	Parses a semi-colon delimited list of query parameters and stores them in the params attribute.
1911	Return the message for this LogRecord after merging any user-supplied arguments with the message.
1912	A factory method for creating specialized LogRecords in subclasses, with additional checks to avoid overwriting existing attributes.
1913	Attempt a login to LiveEdu.tv using the provided email and password.
1914	Loads a plugin from the same directory as the calling plugin using the module's path.
1915	Update or remove keys from a query string in a URL
1916	Reads FLV tags from a file descriptor or buffer and returns them with adjusted timestamps.
1917	Find all arguments required by a given name and yield their dependencies, checking for cycles.
1918	Checks if a file already exists and prompts the user to overwrite it if it does, unless the `force` flag is provided. Returns a `FileOutput` instance.
1919	Decides where to write the stream based on arguments.
1920	Creates a HTTP server listening on a given host and port. If host is empty, listen on all available interfaces, and if port is 0, listen on a random high port.
1921	Repeatedly accept HTTP connections on a server until it is externally served or while a player is running.
1922	Continuously outputs the stream over HTTP, handling both local and external player scenarios.
1923	Prepares a filename to be passed to the player. Uses create_title and stream_to_url to generate the filename. Starts the player with the given arguments and handles any OSError exceptions by logging the error and returning False.
1924	Opens a stream and reads 8192 bytes from it to check if data is available before proceeding.
1925	Open stream, create output, and write the stream to the output.
1926	Reads data from a stream and writes it to an output, with options for showing progress and handling various output types.
1927	Decides what to do with the selected stream. Depending on arguments, it can output internal command-line, JSON representation, continuously over HTTP, or to a selected output.
1928	Fetches streams using correct parameters.
1929	Attempts to fetch streams repeatedly until some are returned or the limit is hit.
1930	Checks if the given `stream_name` is a synonym and exists in the `streams` dictionary. If it is, it returns the corresponding non-synonymous stream name. If not, it returns the original `stream_name`.
1931	Returns a formatted list of valid streams, including their synonyms, sorted by quality.
1932	Resolves a URL to a plugin, fetches available streams, and handles user-specified streams.
1933	Outputs a list of all plugins Streamlink has loaded.
1934	Open web browser to authenticate Streamlink with Twitch.
1935	Load plugins from a list of directories.
1936	Parses command-line arguments, loads settings from configuration files, and processes them accordingly, ensuring lowercase for case-insensitive lookup and handling unrecognized arguments if specified.
1937	```python
def setup_console(output):
    """Setup the console for handling output and manage signal handling."""
```
1938	Sets global HTTP settings such as proxy, headers, cookies, and other options using Streamlink's `set_option` method based on command-line arguments.
1939	Load any additional plugins from the default directory and an optional extra directory.
1940	Sets Streamlink options based on the provided arguments.
1941	Show current installed versions.
1942	Tries to find and return a stream_id from the given text using a regular expression.
1943	Returns the iframe object from the given text if a stream\_id is found.
1944	Sets a general option used by plugins and streams originating from this session object. The option key and value to set are provided as parameters. The function handles backward compatibility for certain option keys and updates appropriate attributes based on the option key and value.
1945	Get the value of a specified option. Backwards compatibility handling for certain keys is included.
1946	Sets plugin-specific options for plugins originating from this session object.
1947	Returns current value of plugin specific option.
1948	Attempts to find a plugin that can use this URL, handling redirects if specified.
1949	Attempt to load plugins from a specified directory.
1950	Converts a timestamp to seconds in various formats
1951	Return function that checks if a given string starts with another string.
1952	Return a function that checks if a given string ends with a specified substring.
1953	Returns a function that checks if a given string contains another string and raises an exception if the condition is not met.
1954	Gets a named attribute from an object. Returns a default value when the attribute does not exist.
1955	Filters out unwanted items using a specified function, supporting both dicts and sequences. Key-value pairs in dictionaries are expanded when applied to a dict.
1956	Apply function to each value inside the sequence or dict. Supports both dicts and sequences, key/value pairs are expanded when applied to a dict.
1957	Return a function to parse and validate a URL based on given attributes.
1958	Find a XML element via xpath.
1959	Find a list of XML elements via xpath.
1960	Finds embedded player URL in HTTP response and returns it.
1961	PARSE A M3U8 PLAYLIST FROM A STRING OF DATA.
1962	Check if the current player supports adding a title based on the command. Returns the player name if supported, otherwise None.
1963	Logs into Steam
1964	Returns the stream_id contained in the HTML. If the stream_id is not found, it logs an error.
1965	Returns a nested list of different stream options. Each entry contains a stream URL and stream quality name.
1966	login and update cached cookies
1967	Creates a key-function mapping, where the function should return a tuple or an iterator of tuples containing a name and stream. Extra arguments can be passed to the function.
1968	Method to make a call against the API with optional parameters and schema validation.
1969	Starts a session against Crunchyroll's server and returns the session ID. It is recommended to call this method before making any other calls to ensure a valid session.
1970	Returns the data for a certain media item identified by `media_id`. Optionally, specify which fields to return and a validation schema.
1971	Creates a new CrunchyrollAPI object, initiates its session, and attempts to authenticate it using saved credentials or the user's username and password.
1972	Compress a byte string.
1973	Show character in readable format
1974	Show string or char, formatting spaces and chars using outputCharFormatter, truncating long strings after 100 characters.
1975	Read n bytes from the stream on a byte boundary.
1976	The value used for processing. Can be a tuple with optional extra bits
1977	Returns a long explanation of the value from the numeric value with optional extra bits, used by Layout.verboseRead when printing the value.
1978	Store the provided `decodeTable` and compute `lengthTable`, `minLength`, and `maxLength` based on the encodings.
1979	Set decodeTable and calculate minLength and maxLength based on the given bit pattern lengths in lengthTable.
1980	Show all words of the code in a nice format.
1981	Read symbol from stream. Returns symbol, length.
1982	Expanded version of Code.explanation supporting extra bits. It formats the explanation based on the presence and value of extra bits.
1983	Override if you don't define value0 and extraTable
1984	Given an index, return the range of possible values as a tuple, where the lower value is calculated based on the sum of powers of 2 up to the given index, and the upper value is the lower value plus the power of 2 at the given index minus 1.
1985	Return count and value based on index and extra. If index is 0, return (1, 0). If index is less than or equal to RLEMAX, return ((1<<index)+extra, 0). Otherwise, return (1, index-RLEMAX).
1986	Generate a mnemonic string for a given symbol index.
1987	Give mnemonic representation of meaning.
1988	Builds an action table from text, parsing and compiling actions into a structured format.
1989	Returns the result of evaluating the specified action in the context of the current object and its `UpperCaseFirst` attribute.
1990	Produce a hex dump of a portion of data from the stream, starting at a specified position and ending at the current stream position.
1991	Process a Brotli stream.
1992	Reads MNIBBLES and metadata block length; skips empty block and returns True if the block is empty.
1993	If true, handle uncompressed data
1994	Reads the block type switch descriptor for a given kind of block type and sets the number of block types, block type codes, and block count codes. If the number of block types is greater than or equal to 2, it also reads the block count codes and current block counts. If the number of block types is less than 2, it sets the block count to 2^24.
1995	In-place inverse move to front transform.
1996	Read prefix code array for multiple trees of different kinds.
1997	Turns a intensity array to a monochrome 'image' by replacing each intensity by a scaled 'color'. Values in I between vmin and vmax get scaled between 0 and 1, and values outside this range are clipped to this.
1998	Convert an array to a color image using multiple colors.
1999	Convert a Vaex DataFrame to a PyArrow table.
2000	Adds method `f` to the `Dataset` class.
2001	Convert velocities from a Cartesian system to proper motions and radial velocities
2002	Convert proper motion to perpendicular velocities.
2003	Return a graphviz.Digraph object with a graph of the expression.
2004	Computes counts of unique values
2005	Map values of an expression or in-memory column according to an input dictionary or a custom callable function.
2006	Create a vaex app, the QApplication mainloop must be started.
2007	Open a list of filenames and return a DataFrame with all DataFrames concatenated.
2008	Connects to a SAMP Hub, waits for a single table load event, disconnects, downloads the table, and returns it as a DataFrame.
2009	Convenience method for creating a vaex DataFrame from an Astropy Table.
2010	Create an in memory DataFrame from numpy arrays.
2011	A function that creates aDataFrame from a dictionary of scalars by wrapping each scalar value in a NumPy array of length 1.
2012	Create an in memory DataFrame from a pandas DataFrame.
2013	Shortcut to read a CSV file using pandas and convert to a DataFrame directly.
2014	Connect to a hostname supporting the vaex web API and return a server object without connecting to the server.
2015	Convenience method for creating a zeldovich DataFrame.
2016	Concatenate a list of DataFrames.
2017	Creates a virtual column equivalent to numpy.arange with 0 memory usage.
2018	Add a dataset and add it to the UI
2019	Recursively evaluates the node. Exits with an error if not resolved.
2020	Decorate functions to accept delayed computation.
2021	Returns the set of all columns that the selection depends on for the given dataset `ds`.
2022	A helper function for returning tasks results, result when immediate is True, otherwise the task itself, which is a promise
2023	Sort the table by the specified column number, applying ascending or descending order as specified.
2024	Read header data from Gadget data file and return offsets and header information.
2025	Clear the cursor and dim the plot background.
2026	Used in unittesting to wait for all plots to finish by checking `self._plot_event` and processing events in a loop.
2027	Opens a document using the default handler of the operating system.
2028	Flexible writing to a file, where f can be a filename or a file object. If f is a filename, it will be closed after writing.
2029	Combines all masks from a list of arrays, and logically ors them into a single mask.
2030	Evaluates expression and drops the result, useful for benchmarking since Vaex is usually lazy.
2031	Return the first element of a binned `expression`, where the values each bin are sorted by `order_expression`.
2032	Calculate the mean of an expression, optionally on a grid defined by `binby`.
2033	Calculate the sum for the given expression, possible on a grid defined by binby
2034	Calculate the standard deviation for the given expression, possible on a grid defined by binby.
2035	Calculate the covariance matrix for expressions `x` and `y`, or more expressions, optionally on a grid defined by `binby`. Handles both single and multiple expressions. Returns a covariance matrix with shape (N, N).
2036	Min and max calculation for expressions, optionally on a grid defined by binby.
2037	minimum calculation wrapper
2038	Calculates the median of an expression, possibly on a grid defined by binby. The calculation is approximated by determining the cumulative distribution on a grid specified by percentile_shape and percentile_limits.
2039	Viz 1d, 2d, or 3d in a Jupyter notebook using various backends.
2040	Count non missing value for expression on an array which represents healpix data.
2041	Plots data using Healpix for visualization.
2042	Plots a 3D graph of the data using ipyvolume, allowing for various customizations such as selecting data points, smoothing, and coloring.
2043	Return the numpy dtype for the given expression, evaluating the first row if necessary.
2044	Creates a directory for storing metadata and files related to a DataFrame, and optionally creates the directory if it does not exist.
2045	Return the internal state of the DataFrame in a dictionary.
2046	Sets the internal state of the DataFrame based on the provided state dictionary.
2047	Removes the file with the virtual column metadata without affecting the current virtual columns and cleans up the directory if empty.
2048	Writes virtual columns, variables and their UCD, description, and units to a YAML file.
2049	Writes all metadata, including UCD, description, and units
2050	Generate a Subspaces object, based on a custom list of expressions or all possible combinations based on dimension
2051	Set the variable to an expression or value and optionally write it to a meta file.
2052	Evaluates a variable by its name, handling string values that contain expressions.
2053	Evaluate a selection mask with the given parameters.
2054	Return a dictionary containing the ndarray corresponding to the evaluated data
2055	Returns a copy of the DataFrame, optionally copying the data and selections.
2056	Return a pandas DataFrame containing the ndarray corresponding to the evaluated data. If index is given, that column is used for the index of the dataframe.
2057	Returns a pyarrow.Table object containing the arrays corresponding to the evaluated data.
2058	Returns an Astropy table object containing the evaluated data as ndarrays.
2059	Add an in memory array as a column
2060	Renames a column in memory, updates the column names and virtual columns, and can store the change in state.
2061	Converts cartesian coordinates to polar coordinates, calculating the radius and azimuth angle.
2062	Convert velocities from a cartesian to a spherical coordinate system.
2063	Convert cartesian to polar velocities.
2064	Converts cylindrical polar velocities to Cartesian coordinates.
2065	Applies a 2D rotation transformation to specified columns, creating new columns for the transformed coordinates, and optionally propagates uncertainties.
2066	Convert spherical coordinates (alpha, delta, distance) to cartesian coordinates (x, y, z) and optionally propagate uncertainties.
2067	Converts Cartesian coordinates to spherical coordinates and adds virtual columns for distance, azimuth angle, and polar angle.
2068	Adds a virtual column to the DataFrame based on a given expression. Handles renaming if the column name already exists, and emits a signal when the column is changed.
2069	Deletes a virtual column from a DataFrame and emits a signal.
2070	Adds a variable to a DataFrame with an optional expression and flags to overwrite or ensure uniqueness
2071	Deletes a variable from a DataFrame and emits a signal when the variable is changed.
2072	Return a shallow copy a DataFrame with the last n rows.
2073	Display the first and last n elements of a DataFrame.
2074	Construct a Pandas dataframe that provides a description of the DataFrame, including the data type, count, number of missing values, mean, standard deviation, minimum, and maximum for specified columns.
2075	Method to display the DataFrame from row i1 till i2 in a specified format (e.g., 'html', 'plain', 'latex').
2076	Sets the current row and emits the signal signal_pick
2077	Return a list of column names based on the given parameters.
2078	Return a DataFrame where all columns are trimmed by the active range
2079	Returns a DataFrame containing only rows indexed by indices
2080	Return a DataFrame containing only the filtered rows. If no filtering is applied, it returns a trimmed view.
2081	Returns a DataFrame with a random set of rows.
2082	Splits a DataFrame into random portions based on the specified fraction(s).
2083	Returns a list containing ordered subsets of the DataFrame based on the specified fraction(s).
2084	Return a sorted DataFrame based on the expression specified in 'by', with the option to sort in ascending or descending order.
2085	Returns a new DataFrame where the specified virtual column is turned into an in-memory NumPy array.
2086	Undoes a selection for a given name using an executor, updates the selection history index, and emits a signal indicating the selection has changed.
2087	Redo the selection for the given name using the specified executor.
2088	Can selection name be redone?
2089	Performs a selection based on a boolean expression, combining it with the previous selection using a specified mode, and records the selection in a history tree that can be undone or redone separately.
2090	Create a selection that filters out rows with missing values for the specified columns.
2091	Create a shallow copy of a DataFrame, with filtering set using select_non_missing.
2092	Select a 2d rectangular box in the space given by x and y, defined by limits.
2093	Select a n-dimensional rectangular box bounded by limits.
2094	Select a circular region based on center coordinates (xc, yc) and radius r, with an option to include or exclude the boundary points.
2095	Select an elliptical region based on the given parameters and apply it to the data.
2096	Handle lasso selection with performance considerations
2097	Invert the selection, converting what is currently selected to unselected and vice versa.
2098	Sets the selection object
2099	Select an entity and update the selection history.
2100	Finds a non-colliding name by optionally postfixing.
2101	Return a list of virtual columns that are not used in any other virtual column.
2102	Returns a graphviz.Digraph object with a graph of all virtual columns.
2103	Mark a column as categorical with specified labels and check for validity.
2104	Encode column as ordinal values and mark it as categorical.
2105	Gives direct access to the data as numpy arrays. Convenient when working with IPython in combination with small DataFrames, since this gives tab-completion. Only real columns (i.e. no virtual) columns can be accessed, for getting the data from virtual columns, use DataFrame.evaluate(...). Columns can be accessed by their names, which are attributes. The attributes are of type numpy.ndarray.
2106	Gets the length of the DataFrame, returning the number of selected rows when selection is True and the total number of rows otherwise. If selection is True and self.mask is None, it returns 0.
2107	Join the columns of the other DataFrame to this one, assuming the ordering is the same.
2108	Concatenates two DataFrames by adding the rows of the other DataFrame to the current DataFrame, returned in a new DataFrame without making a copy of the data.
2109	Exports a DataFrame to a vaex HDF5 file.
2110	Add a column to the DataFrame
2111	Adds method f to the DataFrame class.
2112	Decorator to register a new function with vaex.
2113	Replace missing values in an array with a given value.
2114	Get the day of the week from a datetime array, where Monday is 0 and Sunday is 6.
2115	Computes the ordinal day of the year for each date in the input array. Returns an array of integers representing the day of the year.
2116	Check whether a year is a leap year.
2117	Extracts the year out of a datetime sample. Returns an expression containing the year extracted from a datetime column.
2118	Extracts the month from a datetime column.
2119	Returns the month names of a datetime sample in English.
2120	Extracts the day from a datetime sample. Returns an expression containing the day extracted from a datetime column.
2121	Returns the day names of a datetime sample in English.
2122	Returns the week ordinal of the year from a datetime column.
2123	Extracts the hour out of a datetime samples. Returns an expression containing the hour extracted from a datetime column.
2124	Extracts the minute out of a datetime samples. Returns an expression containing the minute extracted from a datetime column.
2125	Extracts the second out of a datetime samples.
2126	Capitalize the first letter of each string in a sequence.
2127	Concatenate two string columns on a row-by-row basis.
2128	Check if a string pattern or regex is contained within a sample of a string column.
2129	```Count the occurrences of a pattern in a string column.```
2130	Returns the lowest indices in each string in a column where the provided substring is fully contained. If not found, returns -1.
2131	Extract a character from each sample at the specified position from a string column. If the position is out of bound, returns ''.
2132	Return the lowest indices in each string where the provided substring is fully contained. If not found, return -1.
2133	Converts string samples to lower case. Returns an expression containing the converted strings.
2134	Remove leading characters from a string or expression.
2135	Pad strings in a given column with a specified width and character.
2136	Duplicate each string in a column, repeating it a specified number of times.
2137	Returns the highest index of the substring within each string in a column, or -1 if the substring is not found.
2138	Returns the highest index in a string where a given substring is fully contained, using the `str.rfind` method. Returns -1 if the substring is not found.
2139	Fills the left side of string samples with a specified character to achieve left-hand justification.
2140	Remove trailing characters from a string sample.
2141	Extract substrings from each string element in a column based on the specified start and stop positions.
2142	Removes leading and trailing characters from each string in a column, both from the left and right sides.
2143	Converts strings to titlecase.
2144	Converts all strings in a column to uppercase.
2145	Converts a numpy array to the most sensible dtype by first trying float, then int, and returns the original array if conversion fails.
2146	Converts the object into a numpy record array by iterating through its attributes and assigning their values to the corresponding fields in the record array.
2147	Writes properties to the file in Java properties format.
2148	Writes a comment to a file in Java properties format, handling line breaks by prefixing each with a "#".
2149	Write a single property to the file in Java properties format.
2150	Incrementally read properties from a Java .properties file and yield key/value pairs. If `comments` is `True`, include comments with `jprops.COMMENT` as the key.
2151	Wrap a file to convert newlines regardless of whether the file was opened with the "universal newlines" option or not.
2152	Returns the version information for all librosa dependencies.
2153	Handles renaming of arguments, updating to new names and deprecated versions.
2154	Sets the FFT library used by librosa.
2155	This function performs beat tracking on an audio file and saves the beat timestamps as a CSV.
2156	Load audio, estimate tuning, apply pitch correction, and save.
2157	Converts frame indices to audio sample indices
2158	Converts sample indices into STFT frames
2159	Converts time stamps into STFT frames by first converting them to sample indices and then to frame indices.
2160	Convert one or more MIDI numbers to note strings.
2161	Convert frequency in Hz to Mel scale.
2162	Converts mel bin numbers to frequencies.
2163	Utility function to generate frequency bins for an FFT output.
2164	Compute the center frequencies of Constant-Q bins.
2165	Compute an array of acoustic frequencies tuned to the mel scale using either the Auditory Toolbox or HTK implementation.
2166	Calculate the A-weighting of a set of frequencies.
2167	Return an array of time values to match the time axis from a feature matrix.
2168	Returns an array of sample indices to match the time axis from a feature matrix.
2169	Compute the hybrid constant-Q transform of an audio signal using a combination of pseudo CQT and full CQT based on frequency and hop length.
2170	Compute the pseudo constant-Q transform of an audio signal.
2171	Compute the audio time-series reconstructed from a constant-Q transform representation.
2172	Generate frequency domain constant-Q filter basis. Filters are padded up to the nearest integral power of 2 and re-normalized based on the FFT window length. Non-negative frequencies are retained, and the basis is sparsified.
2173	Trim and stack a collection of CQT responses by cleaning up framing errors, transposing for column-contiguity, and clipping bottom frequencies.
2174	Computes the filter response using a target STFT hop by applying a Fourier transform basis to the Short-Time Fourier Transform matrix of the input signal.
2175	Compute the number of early downsampling operations based on the Nyquist frequency, filter cutoff, hop length, and number of octaves.
2176	Perform early downsampling on an audio signal, if it applies.
2177	Calculates the accumulated cost matrix D using dynamic programming, considering a cost matrix C, step sizes, and weights.
2178	Backtracks the optimal warping path using the saved step sizes from the cost accumulation step to find the index pairs for an optimal warping path.
2179	Returns the Viterbi path through a Hidden Markov Model (HMM) given the log-probabilities, log-transitions, and initial state probabilities. The function updates the state, value, and ptr arrays in-place to store the most likely sequence of states, along with their corresponding log-likelihoods and pointers to the previous state in the optimal path.
2180	r Viterbi decoding from discriminative state predictions.
2181	Construct a uniform transition matrix over `n_states`
2182	Construct a self-loop transition matrix over `n_states` with specified probabilities for self-transitions.
2183	Construct a cyclic transition matrix over `n_states`.
2184	r Construction of a localized transition matrix for discrete approximations of continuous variables.
2185	**Code Summary:**

Basic onset detection method that identifies note onset events by finding peaks in an onset strength envelope. Utilizes parameters optimized through large-scale hyper-parameter tuning from [1]_. Supports both audio time series input (`y`) and pre-computed onset strength envelope as input. Optionally	backtracks detected onset events to the nearest preceding minimum in an energy function. Outputs onset positions in specified units (frames, samples, or time).
2186	Spectral flux onset strength envelope computation.
2187	Backtracking detected onset events to the nearest preceding local minimum of an energy function.
2188	Compute and aggregate spectral flux onset strength envelopes across multiple channels.
2189	Write time steps as in CSV format.
2190	Output a time series as a .wav file.
2191	Get a default colormap from the given data.
2192	Plots the amplitude envelope of a waveform. For monophonic signals, a filled curve is drawn between `[-abs(y), abs(y)]`. For stereo signals, the curve is drawn between `[-abs(y[1]), abs(y[0])]`, placing left and right channels above and below the axis respectively. Long signals are down-sampled if the duration exceeds `max_points`, and the sampling rate is limited to `max_sr`.
2193	Helper to set the current image in pyplot mode. If `ax` is `None`, sets the current image using matplotlib.pyplot.
2194	Compute axis coordinates based on the given axis type and number of coordinates.
2195	Check if "axes" is an instance of an axis object. If not, use `gca`.
2196	Set the scaling for the specified axis based on the given axis type and scaling criteria.
2197	Get the frequencies for FFT bins.
2198	Get the frequencies for Mel bins
2199	Get CQT bin frequencies
2200	Get chroma bin numbers
2201	Get time coordinates from frames
2202	Return estimated tuning deviation of an audio time series or spectrogram input.
2203	Estimator of pitch tracking using parabolically-interpolated STFT with thresholding.
2204	Return the harmonic and percussive components of an audio time series.
2205	Extract the harmonic portion from an audio time series using harmonic percussive separation (HPSS).
2206	**Extract percussive elements from an audio time-series**
2207	Time-stretch an audio series by a fixed rate.
2208	``` 
Pitch-shifts a waveform by a specified number of half-steps using time-stretching and resampling.
```
2209	Remix an audio signal by re-ordering time intervals, with the option to align boundaries to zero-crossings.
2210	Return a frame-wise non-silent indicator for audio input.
2211	Trim leading and trailing silence from an audio signal.
2212	Construct a dataframe where each row provides information about a state transition.
2213	Apply a phase vocoder transformation to an STFT (Short-Time Fourier Transform) matrix `D` to change its playback speed by the factor specified in `rate`.
2214	Convert an amplitude spectrogram to dB-scaled spectrogram.
2215	Helper function to retrieve a magnitude spectrogram. This is primarily used in feature extraction functions that can operate on either audio time-series or spectrogram input.
2216	HPSS beat tracking that loads an audio file, separates it into harmonic and percussive components, tracks beats on the percussive component, and saves the beat timestamps as a CSV file.
2217	Decomposes a feature matrix into components and activations using matrix decomposition methods like Non-negative Matrix Factorization (NMF). Allows for specifying the number of components, using custom transformers, and sorting the results. Returns the components and activations matrices.
2218	Remove noise from data by replacing each data point with an aggregation function (e.g., median or average) of its nearest neighbors, effectively smoothing the data.
2219	Applies the nearest-neighbor filter to S using the recurrence matrix R_data, R_indices, and R_ptr, aggregating the neighbors using the provided aggregate function.
2220	r"""
Create a Mel-frequency cepstral coefficients (MFCC) filterbank matrix to combine FFT bins into Mel-frequency bins.

Parameters
-----------
sr : int
    Sampling rate of the input signal.
n_fft : int
    Number of FFT components.
n_mels : int, optional
    Number of Mel bands to generate. Default is 128.
fmin : float, optional
    Lowest frequency (in Hz). Default is 0.0.
fmax : float, optional
    Highest frequency (in Hz). If None, defaults to(sr / 2.0).
htk : bool, optional
    Use HTK formula instead of Slaney. Default is False.
norm : None, 1, or np.inf, optional
    Normalization method. Default is 1.
dtype : numpy.dtype, optional
    Data type of the output matrix. Default is np.float32.

Returns
--------
M : numpy.ndarray
    Mel filterbank matrix (n_mels x 1 + n_fft/2).
"""
2221	Create a Filterbank matrix to convert STFT to chroma
2222	Create a decorator function for windows with fractional input.
2223	Construct a constant-Q basis using filters described by [1]_.
2224	Return the length of each filter in a constant-Q basis.
2225	r Converts a Constant-Q basis to Chroma
2226	Calculate the equivalent noise bandwidth of a window function.
2227	Computes and returns a window function based on the provided input. The window can be specified by name, parameters, callable, or pre-computed values.
2228	Helper function to construct a multirate filterbank.
2229	Helper function for generating center frequency and sample rate pairs based on a tuning deviation from A440.
2230	Helper function for window sum-square calculation.
2231	Compute the sum-square envelope of a window function at a given hop length.
2232	Build a two-dimensional diagonal filter for smoothing recurrence or self-similarity matrices.
2233	Compute the spectral centroid of an audio signal by treating each frame of a magnitude spectrogram as a distribution over frequency bins and calculating the mean (centroid) per frame.
2234	Compute the roll-off frequency of a signal or spectrogram, defined as the center frequency for a bin such that at least a specified percentage of the signal's energy is contained within that bin and below.
2235	Compute spectral flatness

Spectral flatness (or tonality coefficient) is a measure to quantify how much noise-like a sound is, as opposed to being tone-like [1]_. A high spectral flatness (closer to 1.0) indicates the spectrum is similar to white noise. It is often converted to decibel.
2236	r"""Fit an nth-order polynomial to the columns of a spectrogram.
2237	Compute the zero-crossing rate of an audio time series by counting the fraction of time the signal crosses zero within specified frames.
2238	use `librosa.filters.chroma` to compute a chromagram from a waveform or power spectrogram
2239	r Constant-Q chromagram calculation using pre-computed or computed CQT.
2240	Compute a mel-scaled spectrogram from a time-series input or a pre-computed spectrogram input. If a time-series input is provided, its magnitude spectrogram is computed and then mapped onto the mel scale using a Mel filter bank. If a spectrogram input is provided, it is directly mapped onto the mel scale using the same Mel filter bank. The function returns the Mel spectrogram.
2241	Computes the Jaccard similarity between two intervals
2242	Find the best Jaccard match from a query interval to a list of candidate intervals.
2243	Numba-accelerated interval matching algorithm that sorts the intervals based on their start and end times, searches for overlapping intervals, and returns the closest matching interval if no exact overlap is found.
2244	Match one set of time intervals to another, maximizing the Jaccard similarity between them. If `strict` mode is enabled and no intersection exists, an exception is raised; otherwise, the closest disjoint interval is matched.
2245	Match events from one set to another.
2246	Harmonic salience function computes the overall harmonic energy at each frequency in a time frequency magnitude representation (stft, ifgram, etc). It takes an input representation S, frequency values freqs, harmonics h_range, weights, aggregate function, filter_peaks, fill_value, kind, and axis as parameters. It returns a 2D array S_sal with the same shape as S, where each element represents the harmonic energy at that frequency. If filter_peaks is True, it returns harmonic summation only on frequencies of peak magnitude. Otherwise, it returns harmonic summation over the full spectrum.
2247	Compute the energy at specified harmonics of a frequency-based energy representation such as a spectrogram or tempogram. The energy is computed by interpolating the input data at the harmonics of the chosen frequency axis. The resulting harmonic array can be used as input for salience computation.
2248	**Summary**:
Populates a harmonic tensor from a time-frequency representation using interpolation. The function calculates specified harmonics of the input energy array `X` along a chosen axis, using the given frequency values `freqs`. It supports both linear and other interpolation types.
2249	Use a loop to compute harmonics of 2D time-frequency representation by calling the `harmonics_1d` function along a specified axis.
2250	Load an audio file as a floating point time series.
2251	Load an audio buffer using audioread, handling offset, duration, and data type.
2252	Converts an audio signal from stereo to mono.
2253	Resample a time series from `orig_sr` to `target_sr`.
2254	Compute the bounded auto-correlation of an array along a specified axis.
2255	Estimate coefficients of a linear filter on `y` of order `order` using Burg's method.
2256	Synthesize a click signal at specified times or frame indices with customizable frequency and duration.
2257	Generates a pure tone signal as a cosine wave with specified frequency, sampling rate, duration, and phase offset.
2258	Generate a chirp signal that varies in frequency over time
2259	Helper function to get files with specified extensions in a single directory
2260	Audio time-stretching demo function using LibROSA library.
2261	Argparse function to get the program parameters
2262	Separate audio into harmonic and percussive components using HPSS (Higher-Order Spectral Subtraction) and save the results as WAV files.
2263	Dynamic programming-based beat tracking algorithm.
2264	Track beats in an onset strength envelope given a tempo estimate.
2265	Construct the local score for an onset envelope and given period using a Gaussian window and convolution.
2266	Core dynamic program for beat tracking.
2267	Gets the last beat from the cumulative score array.
2268	Converts a recurrence matrix into a lag matrix by shifting rows upwards and filling the lower triangle with zeros if padding is enabled.
2269	Converts a lag matrix into a recurrence matrix.
2270	```Filtering in the time-lag domain. This is primarily useful for adapting image filters to operate on `recurrence_to_lag` output.```
2271	Utility function to sub-divide a segmentation by feature clustering. Given a set of frame boundaries and a data matrix, each successive interval defined by the boundaries is partitioned into `n_segments` by constrained agglomerative clustering. The function returns the list of sub-divided segment boundaries.
2272	Utility function to perform bottom-up temporal segmentation using agglomerative clustering to partition data into `k` contiguous segments.
2273	Multi-angle path enhancement for self- and cross-similarity matrices by convolving multiple diagonal smoothing filters with the matrix, and aggregating the result by an element-wise maximum.
2274	This function performs onset detection on an audio file and saves the detected timestamps as a CSV file.
2275	Slice a time series into overlapping frames using low-level stride manipulation to avoid redundant copies.
2276	Validate whether a variable contains valid, optionally monophonic audio data.
2277	Ensure that an input value is integer-typed, with an option to apply a custom casting function.
2278	Fixed the length of an array `data` to exactly `size` by either padding or trimming.
2279	Sort an array along its rows or columns based on the peak value or a custom function.
2280	Function to normalize an array along a chosen axis by scaling it so that the norm of the array is equal to 1. It also supports thresholding small-norm slices and filling them with uniform non-zero values that normalize to 1.
2281	Find local maxima in an array `x`. An element `x[i]` is considered a local maximum if it is greater than the previous element and greater than or equal to the next element along the specified axis.
2282	Utility function to pick peaks in a signal using a flexible heuristic based on local maxima, mean threshold, and time constraints.
2283	Return a row-sparse matrix approximating the input `x`.
2284	Wrapper for scipy's sparse matrix roll operation.
2285	Convert an integer buffer to floating point values. This is primarily useful when loading integer-valued wav data into numpy arrays.
2286	Generate a slice array from an index array.
2287	Synchronously aggregates a multi-dimensional array between boundaries using an aggregation function. Optionally pads the index set to span the full range and prevents overlap.
2288	Given two non-negative arrays `X` and `X_ref`, apply a softmask operation based on the power parameter to compute a mask that smoothly transitions between 0 and 1 where `X` is greater than `X_ref`, and smoothly transitions between 0 and 1 where `X` is less than `X_ref`. If `power` is infinite, compute a hard mask. Optionally split zeros based on the `split_zeros` parameter.
2289	Compute the smallest "usable" number representable in the input data type, which can be used as a threshold for numerical underflow in division or multiplication operations.
2290	Join image frames from a directory into a video file
2291	Reads the next frame from a video capture object. If the frame is already in the cache, it returns it directly. Otherwise, it decodes and caches the frame before returning it. If successful, it increments the frame position and returns the frame; otherwise, it returns None.
2292	Get frame by index.
2293	Convert a video to frame images and save them to a specified directory.
2294	Track the progress of tasks execution with a progress bar using a simple for-loop.
2295	Track the progress of parallel task execution with a progress bar.
2296	Flip an image horizontally or vertically.
2297	Rotate an image by a specified angle around a given center and scale it isotropically. If `auto_bound` is True, the image size is adjusted to cover the whole rotated image.
2298	Clip bounding boxes to fit the image shape.
2299	Scale bounding boxes with respect to their center, optionally clipping them to a specified shape.
2300	Crop image patches by scaling bounding boxes, clipping them to the image dimensions, and then cropping and padding the image accordingly.
2301	Pad an image to a certain shape.
2302	Pad an image to ensure each edge to be multiple to some number.
2303	Rescale a size by a ratio
2304	Resize an image to a given size with optional return of scale factors.
2305	Resize image to match the dimensions of another image.
2306	```Compute and return the rescaled image while maintaining the aspect ratio, with optional scaling factor and interpolation method.```
2307	Register a handler for some file extensions
2308	Get priority value.
2309	Dequantize an array by converting quantized values back to their original continuous values using given minimum and maximum values, and quantization levels.
2310	Show an image.
2311	Draw bboxes on an image.
2312	Read an optical flow map.
2313	Writes optical flow to file. If the flow is not quantized, it will be saved as a .flo file losslessly, otherwise a jpeg image which is lossy but of much smaller size.
2314	### Dequantize a quantized flow by converting it back to its original float values.
2315	Loads state_dict to a module, handles key mismatches, and logs errors.
2316	Load a model checkpoint from a file or URL.
2317	Copy a model state_dict to CPU.
2318	Save model and optimizer state to file, along with metadata.
2319	Initialize and return an optimizer object
2320	Initialize and configure a logger with the specified configuration.
2321	Get the current learning rates of all parameter groups in the optimizer.
2322	Registers a hook with a specified priority into a sorted list of hooks.
2323	Run a training workflow with specified data loaders, epochs, and phases.
2324	Register default hooks for training, including LrUpdaterHook, OptimizerStepperHook, CheckpointSaverHook, IterTimerHook, and LoggerHook(s).
2325	Convert a video using ffmpeg with various options and print the command if requested
2326	Resize a video using ffmpeg, with options for size, ratio, and aspect ratio preservation.
2327	Cuts a video clip according to specified start and end times, with options to specify output codecs and log level.
2328	Concatenate multiple videos into a single file using specified codecs and log level, then remove temporary file.
2329	Load a text file and parse the content as a list of strings, with optional prefix, offset, and maximum number of lines.
2330	Load a text file and parse the content as a dictionary. Each line is split into columns using whitespace or tabs. The first column is used as the dictionary key, and the remaining columns are used as the dictionary value. The key type can be specified and will be converted if provided.
2331	3x3 convolution with padding
2332	Initialize an object from dict
2333	Read an image from a file or return an existing numpy array. Supports color, grayscale, and unchanged color types.
2334	Read an image from binary data.
2335	Write an image array to file with optional parameters and automatic directory creation.
2336	Convert an BGR image to grayscale image. keepdim to maintain the image's dimensions.
2337	Convert a grayscale image to BGR image.
2338	Casts elements of an iterable object into a specified type and returns an iterator or the specified type.
2339	Check whether the sequence is of the expected type and sequence type.
2340	Slices a list into several sublists based on a list of given lengths.
2341	Decorator that checks if prerequisites are satisfied.
2342	Calculate the average of the latest n values or all values from `val_history` and `n_history`, and store the result in `output`. If `n` is 0, calculate the average of all values. Set `ready` to True after calculation.
2343	Scatters a tensor across multiple devices, typically GPUs.
2344	Convert various input to color tuples.
2345	Adds a check point and measures the time elapsed since the last check point for a given timer identifier. If the timer is not registered, it registers the timer and returns 0. Otherwise, it returns the time elapsed since the last check point.
2346	Start the timer if it is not already running and update the last time.
2347	Total time since the timer is started. Returns the time in seconds.
2348	Return the time elapsed since the last check in seconds.
2349	Display optical flow in an image window.
2350	Convert flow map to RGB image.
2351	Generates a color wheel with specified bins for each color range, resulting in a numpy array of shape (total_bins, 3).
2352	Computes the precision@k for the specified values of k
2353	Distribute inputs across target GPUs.
2354	Scatters inputs and kwargs to different GPUs while handling cases where the number of inputs and kwargs do not match.
2355	Fetch all the information from a request using aiohttp, applying a delay and a timeout. Handle potential exceptions and apply a retry mechanism if the request is unsuccessful.
2356	Read and decodes JSON response.
2357	Read response payload and decode.
2358	Process coroutine callback function.
2359	A method for crawling multiple URLs asynchronously. It supports two modes: gathering all responses simultaneously or sequentially. If gathering, it yields responses as soon as they are available. If not gathering, it yields responses in the order of the URLs.
2360	Initiates a Request class for HTML crawling, setting up default headers, metadata, and request configurations, then returns a Request object with provided parameters.
2361	Start the master process, sending asynchronous requests to the defined URLs and managing worker tasks.
2362	Ensures tasks have an action key and converts strings to python objects.
2363	Parses YAML data similar to ansible.utils.parse_yaml but includes line numbers in each node.
2364	Return distribution full name with - replaced with _
2365	Return archive name without extension
2366	Add additional requirements from setup.cfg to file metadata_path
2367	Convert an .egg-info directory into a .dist-info directory
2368	Given a string and optional parameters for speaking and input hint, returns a simple text message.
2369	Returns a message including a set of suggested actions and optional text.
2370	Returns a single message activity containing an attachment.
2371	Returns a message that will display a set of attachments in list form.
2372	Given a URL and content type, return a message that displays a single image or video to a user.
2373	Creates a trace activity with the provided parameters based on the given turn activity.
2374	Sets the telemetry client for logging events. If the provided value is None, it sets the telemetry client to a NullTelemetryClient. Otherwise, it sets the telemetry client to the provided value.
2375	Read store items from storage based on the provided keys.
2376	Saves store items to storage using a Cosmos DB client, handling insertion and replacement based on the e_tag.
2377	Remove store items from storage using a list of keys.
2378	Creates a `StoreItem` from a result obtained from CosmosDB, incorporating the document data and the ETag.
2379	Return the dictionary representation of a StoreItem by eliminating non-magic attributes and the e_tag.
2380	Replace characters that are not allowed in keys in Cosmos with '*' and the Unicode code point of the character.
2381	Call the get or create methods to initialize the database and container.
2382	Return the database link. Check if the database exists or create the db.
2383	This function checks if a container exists in a CosmosDB database. If it does, it returns the container's link; otherwise, it creates a new container and returns its new link.
2384	This method fills the event properties and metrics for the QnaMessage event for telemetry.
2385	Returns the conversation reference for an activity. This can be saved as a plain old JSON object and then later used to message the user proactively.
2386	Generates a unique name for a waterfall step based on its index and the total number of steps.
2387	Determine if a number of Suggested Actions are supported by a Channel.
2388	Determine if a number of Card Actions are supported by a Channel.
2389	Get the Channel Id from the current Activity on the Turn Context.
2390	Determines if a given Auth header is from the Bot Framework Emulator.
2391	Return an attachment for a HeroCard. RaisesTypeError if 'card' argument is not a HeroCard.
2392	Return the instruction parameters. If the parameters are already defined, they are returned. Otherwise, they are retrieved from the definition and cached for future use.
2393	Reverse the order of sub-gates in a composite instruction.
2394	Invert this instruction. If the instruction is composite, its definition is recursively inverted. Returns a fresh instruction for the inverse, raises QiskitError if the instruction is not composite and no inverse is implemented.
2395	Add classical control on register classical and value val.
2396	Creates a shallow copy of the instruction, updating the name if provided
2397	Prints an if statement with the given string if the control condition is met.
2398	Return a default OpenQASM string for the instruction.
2399	Run all the passes on a QuantumCircuit and return the transformed circuit.
2400	Run a pass and its dependencies, transforming or analyzing a dag accordingly.
2401	Returns a list structure of the appended passes and its options.
2402	Fetches the passes added to this flow controller.
2403	Constructs a flow controller based on partially evaluated controller arguments. It takes a list of passes, options, and partially evaluated controller arguments. Raises an error if partial_controller is not well-formed. Returns a FlowController instance.
2404	Applies unitary transformation U to the qubit q.
2405	Apply a single qubit gate to the qubit and return the corresponding U gate parameters. Raises a QiskitError if the gate name is not valid.
2406	Get the matrix for a single qubit gate.
2407	Return the index string for Numpy.eignsum matrix-matrix multiplication. The indices are to perform a matrix multiplication A.B where the matrix A is an M-qubit matrix, matrix B is an N-qubit matrix, and M <= N, and identity matrices are implied on the subsystems where A has no support on B.
2408	Return the index string for Numpy.einsum matrix-vector multiplication.
2409	Returns the index string for Numpy.einsum matrix multiplication. The returned indices are to perform a matrix multiplication A.v where the matrix A is an M-qubit matrix, matrix v is an N-qubit vector, and M <= N, and identity matrices are implied on the subsystems where A has no support on v.
2410	Build a ``DAGCircuit`` object from a ``QuantumCircuit``.
2411	Function to fit an exponential decay curve given parameters a, tau, and c.
2412	Funciton used to fit the decay cosine
2413	Plots coherence data using matplotlib, including error bars, a best fit line, and relevant labels.
2414	Converts raw rb data into averages and std dev
2415	Plots the results from randomized benchmarking data.
2416	Finds runs containing parameterized gates and splits them into sequential runs excluding the parameterized gates.
2417	Return a triple theta, phi, lambda for the product of u3(theta1, phi1, lambda1) and u3(theta2, phi2, lambda2) using Euler angles and rotation matrices.
2418	Express a Y.Z.Y single qubit gate as a Z.Y.Z gate.
2419	r Validates the input to state visualization functions.

Arg 
Returns 
Raises
2420	Trim a PIL image and remove white space.
2421	Get the list of qubits drawing this gate would cover.
2422	Convert a QuantumCircuit to an Instruction object.
2423	Pick the best layout based on the qubit connectivity and set the `layout` property.
2424	r Computes the qubit mapping with the best connectivity for a given number of subset qubits.
2425	Applies a barrier to a quantum circuit, affecting specific qubits or all qubits if none are specified. The barrier ensures that all instructions before it in the circuit are completed before any instructions after it.
2426	takes in a count dictionary and an observable dictionary/list/matrix computes the mean value of the observable over the counts.
2427	Process an Id or IndexedId node as a bit or register type. Return a list of tuples (Register,index).
2428	Process a custom unitary node and create a DAG operation for it. If the gate is defined, process its arguments and bits, and create a new operation. If the gate is not defined, raise a QiskitError.
2429	Processes a gate node by populating a dictionary with relevant information such as whether it is an opaque gate, the number of arguments and bits, argument names, bit names, and the body if not opaque.
2430	Processes a CNOT gate node by applying CXBase operations based on the bit IDs of the two child nodes.
2431	Process a measurement node and extract the bit IDs from its children. If the lengths of the bit IDs do not match, raise a QiskitError. Otherwise, apply a measurement operation to the corresponding qubits.
2432	Process an if node and its children.
2433	Creates a DAG node from a parsed AST op node.
2434	Return the duration of the supplied channels.
2435	Return minimum start time for supplied channels.
2436	Return the maximum start time for the provided channels.
2437	## Iterable for flattening Schedule tree.
2438	Validate a value against the correct type of the field using the `_expected_types` method.
2439	Include unknown fields after dumping. Unknown fields are added with no processing at all.
2440	include unknown fields after load
2441	Create a patched Schema for validating models by overriding the ``_deserialize()`` call of its fields.
2442	Validate the internal representation of the instance using the schema.
2443	Add validation after instantiation.
2444	Serialize the model into a Python dictionary of simple types
2445	Deserialize a dictionary of simple types into an instance of this class, requiring the model to be bound with ``@bind_schema``.
2446	n-qubit Quantum Fourier Transform (QFT) applied to qubits q in circuit circ.
2447	Partial trace over subsystems of multi-partite vector.
2448	Flatten a density matrix to a vector in a specified basis.
2449	Convert a vectorized square matrix into a 2D matrix according to the specified method.
2450	Convert a Choi-matrix to a Pauli-basis superoperator.
2451	Truncates small values in a complex array, setting them to zero if they are below a certain threshold.
2452	Construct the outer product of two vectors. If the second vector is not provided, the projector of the first vector is returned.
2453	Calculate the concurrence for a quantum state or density matrix.
2454	Compute the Shannon entropy of a probability vector.
2455	Return the von-Neumann entropy of a quantum state.
2456	Compute the mutual information of a bipartite state.
2457	Compute the entanglement of formation of a quantum state, handling both bipartite state vectors and 2-qubit density matrices.
2458	Compute the Entanglement of Formation of a 2-qubit density matrix. It calculates the concurrence and then uses it to compute the entanglement of formation using Shannon entropy.
2459	Create a flattened schedule from a given schedule component.
2460	Return schedule shifted by `time`.
2461	Return a new schedule with the `child` schedule inserted into the `parent` at `start_time`.
2462	Return a new schedule by appending `child` to `parent` at the last time of the `parent` schedule's channels over the intersection of the parent and child schedule's channels.
2463	Applies a u3 gate with parameters theta, phi, and lam to the qubit q.
2464	Return the status of the backend.
2465	Start the progress bar with a specified number of iterations.
2466	Estimates the remaining time left in a task based on the number of iterations completed.
2467	Dissasemble a qobj and return the circuits, run_config, and user header
2468	u Calculate the Hamming distance between two bit strings.
2469	Return quaternion for rotation about given axis.
2470	Generate a quaternion from a set of Euler angles in the specified order.
2471	Normalizes a Quaternion to unit length so that it represents a valid rotation.
2472	Convert a unit-length quaternion to a rotation matrix. Returns a 3x3 rotation matrix.
2473	Converts a unit-length quaternion to a sequence of ZYZ Euler angles. Returns an array of Euler angles.
2474	Prepares received data for representation by filtering top values and normalizing them.
2475	HTML and JavaScript code to display a histogram of a given dataset.
2476	Customizes `check_type` to handle containers.
2477	Check that `j` is a valid index into `self`.
2478	Test if a given array is a square matrix.
2479	Test if an array is a diagonal matrix.
2480	Test if an array is a symmetric matrix.
2481	Test if an array is a Hermitian matrix
2482	Test if a matrix is positive semidefinite by checking if it is Hermitian and all eigenvalues are non-negative.
2483	u Test if an array is an identity matrix.
2484	Test if a matrix is unitary (i.e., a matrix whose conjugate transpose is its inverse).
2485	Transforms a QuantumChannel to the Choi representation based on the specified representation type.
2486	Transforms a QuantumChannel to its SuperOp representation based on the given representation type.
2487	Transform a QuantumChannel to the Kraus representation.
2488	Transform a QuantumChannel to the Chi representation.
2489	Transform a QuantumChannel to the PTM representation.
2490	Transform a QuantumChannel to the Stinespring representation, handling conversions via Operator and Superoperator representations if necessary.
2491	Transform a QuantumChannel to the Operator representation based on the given representation type.
2492	Transforms a quantum channel representation into another representation.
2493	Transform Stinespring representation to Operator representation.
2494	Transform SuperOp representation to Choi representation.
2495	Transforms the Choi matrix to its corresponding SuperOperator representation.
2496	Transform Kraus representation to Choi representation.
2497	Return the column representation of the matrix if the hermitian matrix does not meet the condition, return the Kraus matrix representation
2498	Transform Stinespring representation to Kraus representation.
2499	Transforms Stinespring representation to Choi representation.
2500	Transform a Kraus representation into a Stinespring representation.
2501	Transforms the Kraus representation of a quantum operation to its SuperOperator representation.
2502	Transform Chi representation to a Choi representation.
2503	Transform Choi representation to the Chi representation.
2504	Convert two bipartite matrices into a single tensor by performing a Kronecker product and reshaping.
2505	Transforms a bipartite matrix representation using Pauli matrices.
2506	Checks if the input and output dimensions correspond to an n-qubit channel.
2507	Hide tick lines and labels by setting their visibility to False
2508	Set x, y and z labels according to one of conventions.
2509	Resets Bloch sphere data sets to empty.
2510	Add a list of vectors to Bloch sphere.
2511	Add a text or LaTeX annotation to Bloch sphere, parameterized by a qubit state or a vector.
2512	Render the Bloch sphere and its data sets on a given figure and axes.
2513	Visualize the front half of a sphere.
2514	Display Bloch sphere and corresponding data sets.
2515	Deprecated function; emits a warning and delegates to `qiskit.quantum_info.synthesis.two_qubit_kak`.
2516	Constructs the top line of the element
2517	Constructs the middle line of the element, formatting it with padding and alignment.
2518	Constructs the bottom line of the element
2519	The length of the element, including the box around.
2520	Get the parameters of an instruction and format them to add them to a label, returning None if there are no parameters or if the parameters are NumPy ndarrays.
2521	Creates a label for a box by capitalizing the instruction name and appending parameters if provided.
2522	Method returns the LaTeX string for a math mode from the given node, considering a nested scope and precision.
2523	Convert a list of quantum circuits into a qobj for execution on a quantum backend, with options for compilation and configuration.
2524	Apply filters to deprecation warnings. Force the `DeprecationWarning` warnings to be displayed for the qiskit module, overriding the system configuration as they are ignored by default for end-users. Additionally, silence the `ChangedInMarshmallow3Warning` messages.
2525	Returns a dictionary containing basic hardware information about the local machine. Includes the operating system, total memory in gigabytes, and the number of physical CPU cores.CPU count defaults to 1 if the true count cannot be determined.
2526	Checks if internet connection exists to host via specified port.
2527	Function to update the status of an HTML job monitor.
2528	Generate a constant complex pulse for given times.
2529	Continuous square wave with specified amplitude, period, and phase.
2530	Return a continuous triangle wave.
2531	Continuous cosine wave calculation.
2532	Adjusts a Gaussian pulse so that it is zeroed at a specific width by subtracting the pulse at the center plus or minus half the zeroed width. Optionally rescales the amplitude to maintain the original amplitude difference after zeroing. Returns the adjusted Gaussian samples and an optional amplitude scale factor.
2533	Generate continuous unnormalized Gaussian pulse and optionally adjust amplitude and return normalized pulse location.
2534	Compute the derivative of a Gaussian pulse at given times.
2535	Retrieve a continuous Gaussian square pulse.
2536	Default pass manager for circuit optimization and mapping.
2537	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
2538	Test if this circuit contains the specified register (quantum or classical).
2539	Mirror the circuit by reversing the instructions.
2540	Invert this quantum circuit by recursively inverting all gates. Returns the inverted circuit. Raises QiskitError if the circuit cannot be inverted.
2541	Adds an instruction to the end of the circuit, modifying the circuit in place. Args: instruction (Instruction or Operator): Instruction instance to append qargs (list(tuple)): qubits to attach instruction to cargs (list(tuple)): clbits to attach instruction to Returns: Instruction: a handle to the instruction that was just added Raises: QiskitError: if the gate is of a different shape than the wires it is being attached to.
2542	DEPRECATED after 0.8
2543	Add registers to QuantumCircuit.
2544	Raise exception if list of qubits contains duplicates.
2545	Check if qargs are valid and raise exceptions if they are not.
2546	```csharp
Check the input classical arguments (cargs) to ensure they are valid tuples containing a ClassicalRegister and an integer. Raise a QiskitError if any cargs are not in the correct format or if a register is not present in the circuit. Additionally, verify that each classical bit is within the valid range for its register.
```
2547	Checks that the circuits are defined on compatible registers
2548	Return OpenQASM string.
2549	Draw the quantum circuit using various output formats such as ASCII art, LaTeX, or Matplotlib.
2550	Returns the total number of gate operations in the circuit, excluding barrier and snapshot instructions.
2551	Return the total number of qubits and classical bits in the circuit.
2552	Counts the number of each type of operation in the circuit and returns a dictionary with the counts.
2553	How many non-entangled subcircuits (connected components) can a circuit be factored into, optionally considering only the unitary part of the graph.
2554	Return a copy of the circuit with parameters substituted by the values provided in the value_dict. Raises QiskitError if value_dict contains parameters not present in the circuit.
2555	Assigns a parameter value to matching instructions in-place.
2556	Plot the interpolated envelope of a pulse signal.
2557	Searches for SWAPs to apply the most number of gates by recursively exploring possible swaps and evaluating their impact on the layout distance.
2558	Map all gates that can be executed with the current layout.
2559	Return the sum of the distances of two-qubit pairs in each CNOT in gates according to the layout and the coupling.
2560	Count the number of two-qubit gates in the given step, adjusted for the number of added SWAPs.
2561	Returns a copy of the source DAG with empty metadata and a single qreg matching the size of the coupling map.
2562	Returns an operation implementing a virtual gate on a given layout by mapping the gate's quantum arguments to the corresponding physical qubits in the layout.
2563	Generate list of ops to implement a SWAP gate along a coupling edge.
2564	Transpile a DAG Circuit using a lookahead mapper according to the coupling map and initial layout.
2565	Add a physical qubit to the coupling graph as a node. Raises an error if the qubit is already present or if the input is not an integer.
2566	Add directed edge to coupling graph.
2567	Return a CouplingMap object for a subgraph of the current object.
2568	Returns a sorted list of physical_qubits
2569	Test if the graph is connected. Return True if connected, False otherwise
2570	Compute the full distance matrix on pairs of nodes. The distance map self._dist_matrix is computed from the graph using all_pairs_shortest_path_length.
2571	Returns the undirected distance between two physical qubits in a coupling map. # check if qubits exist in graph # compute distance matrix if not already computed # return distance between given qubits
2572	Compile one or more quantum circuits for a specific backend using various parameters such as basis gates, coupling map, initial layout, and pass manager. Returns the transpiled circuit(s).
2573	Applies a unitary controlled-U gate (Cu1) to the target qubit (tgt) controlled by the control qubit (ctl) with a given angle theta.
2574	Invert all instructions.
2575	Add controls to all instructions
2576	Add classical control register to all instructions.
2577	Subscribes to an event so that the associated callbacks will be executed when the event is emitted, ensuring that each callback is registered only once.
2578	Emits an event if there are any subscribers.
2579	Unsubscribes a specific callback from an event.
2580	Output: Triggers an event and associates data with it, calling subscribers' callbacks synchronously if any.
2581	Apply a quantum initialization operation to the circuit for the specified qubits.
2582	Calculate and define a quantum circuit for initialization using a recursive algorithm and additional optimizations.
2583	Return a circuit that transforms a parameter vector into the zero state.
2584	Calculates the Bloch angles for a given pair of complex numbers, representing the rotation needed to create a qubit from the zero vector.
2585	Return a recursive implementation of a multiplexor circuit, where each instruction itself has a decomposition based on smaller multiplexors.
2586	Checks if value has the format of a virtual qubit
2587	Returns a copy of a Layout instance.
2588	Combine the virtual and physical bits from the current layout and another layout into an "edge map".
2589	Applies a Toffoli gate to the control qubits `ctl1` and `ctl2`, targeting the qubit `tgt`.
2590	Return a new schedule with `schedule` inserted within `self` at `start_time`.
2591	Checks if the attribute name is in the list of attributes to protect. If so, raises TranspilerAccessError.
2592	Converts gate tuples into a nested list of integers.
2593	Run the StochasticSwap pass on a DAG circuit to map it onto a coupling map using a specified initial layout and random seed.
2594	Provide a DAGCircuit for a new mapped layer, considering the layout and whether it's the first layer with multi-qubit gates.
2595	Return the Pauli group with 4^n elements, ordered by either weight or tensor.
2596	Construct a Pauli operator from a string label representing Pauli matrices. The label specifies the type of Pauli ('X', 'Y', 'Z') for each qubit, and 'I' indicates the identity matrix. The method returns a Pauli object initialized with the appropriate X and Z components based on the label. If an invalid character is encountered, a `QiskitError` is raised.
2597	Construct Pauli from boolean array
2598	Multiply two Paulis and track the phase. Returns the resulting Pauli and the sign of the multiplication.
2599	Convert to Operator object.
2600	Converts the object to a Pauli circuit instruction using Qiskit's QuantumCircuit and QuantumRegister. Maps each Pauli symbol ('I', 'X', 'Y', 'Z') to its corresponding gate and constructs the circuit accordingly. The function returns the instruction of the created Pauli circuit.
2601	Update partial or entire z.
2602	Update partial or entire x.
2603	Insert or append Pauli to targeted indices. If indices is None, it means append at the end.
2604	Append pauli at the end. Args: paulis (Pauli): the to-be-inserted or appended pauli pauli_labels (list[str]): the to-be-inserted or appended pauli label Returns: Pauli: self
2605	Delete Pauli at the specified indices.
2606	Generate a random Pauli operator for a given number of qubits.
2607	Generates a single-qubit Pauli operator at a specified index with a given Pauli label for a specified number of qubits.
2608	Simulate the outcome of measuring a qubit and return the result along with its probability.
2609	```python
u Generate memory samples from the current statevector using specified measurement parameters and number of samples.
```
2610	Apply a measure instruction to a qubit, updating the classical memory and register based on the measurement outcome.
2611	Apply a reset instruction to a qubit by simulating a measurement outcome and projecting onto the outcome state, then renormalizing.
2612	Validate an initial statevector to ensure it has the correct length for the given number of qubits.
2613	Initialize the statevector for simulation. If no initial statevector is provided, set it to the default state of all qubits in |0>. Otherwise, use the provided initial statevector. Reshape the statevector to a rank-N tensor.
2614	Return the current statevector in JSON Result spec format
2615	Determine if measure sampling is allowed for an experiment based on the number of shots and the experiment's configuration.
2616	Run a quantum job asynchronously using the provided Qobj and backend options.
2617	Run experiments in qobj.
2618	Performs semantic validations of a qobj object, ensuring the number of qubits is within the allowed limit and checking that each experiment has classical registers and measurements.
2619	Validate an initial unitary matrix.
2620	Initialize the unitary matrix for simulation. If an initial unitary matrix is not provided, it sets the unitary to an identity matrix of size 2^n (where n is the number of qubits). Otherwise, it copies the provided initial unitary matrix. The unitary matrix is then reshaped into a rank-N tensor.
2621	Return the current unitary in JSON Result spec format
2622	Run experiments in qobj and return a Result object containing the job information and results.
2623	Checks semantic validations of qobj and adjusts settings if necessary
2624	Returns true if obj is a bit, otherwise false
2625	Assign circuit qubits to device qubits for layout.
2626	Check if the current interval overlaps with another interval
2627	Return a new interval shifted by `time` from `self`.
2628	Return a new Timeslot shifted by `time`.
2629	This method returns the earliest start time from a collection of channels.
2630	Return the maximum time of timeslots over all channels.
2631	Checks if a timeslot can be merged with another collection of timeslots, by verifying that there is no overlap between the intervals of the timeslots in the collection and the intervals of the timeslot being checked.
2632	Return a new TimeslotCollection merged with another TimeslotCollection.
2633	Return a new TimeslotCollection with each timeslot shifted by `time`.
2634	Reports on GitHub that the specified branch is failing to build at the specified commit. If an issue already exists, it adds a comment to avoid duplicate reports.
2635	Sort and process rho data into a dictionary with labels and corresponding values.
2636	Create a graphical representation of the input array using Paulivec, with options to customize figure size and display features.
2637	Applies the RZZ gate with the given angle to the specified qubits in the circuit.
2638	Apply Fredkin gate to the circuit with control, target1, and target2.
2639	Extract CNOT and readout errors, compute swap costs, and find swap paths.
2640	Create a program graph with virtual qubits as nodes and weighted edges based on the number of CNOTs between qubit pairs.
2641	Return the first edge with at least one endpoint mapped, or the first edge if no endpoint is mapped.
2642	Selects the best remaining CNOT gate for the next program edge based on hardware availability and gate cost.
2643	**_select_best_remaining_qubit**  
Select the best remaining hardware qubit for the next program qubit based on reliability calculations.
2644	Main run method for noise adaptive layout.
2645	Return a list of instructions for this CompositeGate, including instructions from any nested CompositeGates.
2646	Invert this gate.
2647	Add controls to this gate
2648	Add classical control register
2649	Return True if operator is a unitary matrix.
2650	Return the conjugate of the operator.
2651	Return the transpose of the operator.
2652	Return the matrix power of the operator.
2653	Return the tensor shape of the matrix operator
2654	Converts a QuantumCircuit or Instruction to an Operator.
2655	Update the QASM string for an iteration of swap_mapper.
2656	Separate a bitstring according to the registers defined in the result header.
2657	r Formatting an experiment result memory object for measurement level 0.
2658	r Format an experiment result memory object for measurement level 1.
2659	Format an experiment result memory object for measurement level 2.
2660	Return formatted counts from experiment result with optional header information
2661	Convert the statevector coming from the backend to a list of complex numbers with a specified number of decimals.
2662	Format a unitary matrix for presentation to the Qiskit user, rounding elements to a specified number of decimals if provided.
2663	Ensures that a submit has been performed before calling the method. Raises a JobError if the job has not been submitted yet.
2664	Submit the job to the backend for execution. Raises exceptions if the job has already been submitted or if the Qobj is invalid.
2665	Gets the job status by querying the future.
2666	Returns True if lo_freq is within the LoRange.
2667	Display a bloch sphere representation of the input state vector or density matrix.
2668	Format default qubit LO frequencies from backend and update with user configurations if provided. Return `None` if default LO frequencies are unchanged.
2669	Return the modified measurement LO frequencies or `None` if no changes were made.
2670	Expand all op nodes to the given basis.
2671	Create a Q sphere representation graphically using a Q sphere for each eigenvalue.
2672	Calculate the number of ways to choose k elements from a set of n elements, which is the binomial coefficient.
2673	Calculate the lexicographical index of a combination given the total number of options, the number of elements in the combination, and the list of elements in the combination. Raises an error if the length of the list is not equal to k.
2674	Plot the Pauli vector representation of a quantum state using a bar graph.
2675	Return a list of all non-simulator, unique hardware backends available using IBMQ.
2676	Returns the Instruction object corresponding to the op for the node else None.
2677	Generates a constant-sampled `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, and an optional name.
2678	Generate a zero-sampled `SamplePulse`.
2679	Generates a square wave `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, period, and phase.
2680	Generates a sawtooth wave SamplePulse with specified duration, amplitude, period, and phase.
2681	Generates a triangle wave `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, period, phase, and name. Applies `left` sampling strategy to create a discrete pulse from a continuous function.
2682	Generate a cosine wave pulse.
2683	Generates a sine wave `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, frequency, and phase. If frequency is not provided, it defaults to one cycle per duration.
2684	Generates an unnormalized Gaussian `SamplePulse` centered at `duration/2` and zeroed at `t=-1` to prevent a large initial discontinuity. Applies `left` sampling strategy to generate a discrete pulse from a continuous function. The integrated area under the curve is $\Omega_g(amp, sigma) = amp \times np.sqrt(2\pi \sigma^2)$.
2685	Generate an unnormalized Gaussian derivative `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, , and optional name.
2686	Generates a Gaussian square `SamplePulse` centered at `duration/2` with specified amplitude, width, and rise/fall duration.
2687	Compute distance based on the axes transformation.
2688	Print the node data, with indent.
2689	Return an instance of a backend from its class.
2690	Renames a classical or quantum register throughout the circuit, updating associated nodes and edges.
2691	Removes all operation nodes with the given name.
2692	Add all wires in a quantum register.
2693	Add all wires in a classical register.
2694	Add a qubit or bit to the circuit.
2695	Verifies that the condition is valid by checking if the register in the condition exists in the circuit. Raises a DAGCircuitError if the register is invalid.
2696	Return a list of bits in the given condition.
2697	Add a new operation node to the graph and assign properties
2698	Apply an operation to the output of the circuit.
2699	Checks if the register mapping in a quantum circuit dag circuit is consistent and valid. Raises an error if there are fragmented or duplicate registers. Returns a set of registers that need to be added to the dag circuit.
2700	Check that the wiremap is consistent, ensuring that it refers to valid wires with consistent types. Raise an error if any issues are found.
2701	Use the wire\_map dict to change the condition tuple's creg name.
2702	Extend `dag` at the end of `self`, using `edge_map` to handle qubits and classical bits not already present in `self`.
2703	The `compose_back` method applies an input circuit to the output of the current circuit, ensuring compatibility and mapping the appropriate wires. It handles the addition of qubits and classical registers, checks the validity of the wire map, and processes each node in the input circuit to update the current circuit. If the wire map contains duplicates or if any wires are inconsistent, it raises a `DAGCircuitError`.
2704	Check that a list of wires is compatible with a node for replacement. Validate for duplicate names and correct length for operation, raising an exception otherwise.
2705	Returns predecessor and successor dictionaries.
2706	Maps all wires of the input circuit to predecessor and successor nodes in the current circuit, keyed on wires in the current circuit.
2707	Return a generator of nodes in topological order.
2708	Iterator for node values.
2709	Return the list of "op" nodes in the dag that match the specified Instruction subclass. If op=None, return all op nodes.
2710	Return the list of gate nodes in the dag.
2711	Get the set of "op" nodes with the given name.
2712	Return a list of 2-qubit gates, ignoring snapshot, barriers, and other operations.
2713	Returns list of the predecessors of a node as DAGNodes.
2714	Returns a list of predecessors of a node connected by a quantum edge as DAGNodes.
2715	Get set of the ancestors of a node as DAGNodes.
2716	Returns list of the successors of a node that are connected by a quantum edge as DAGNodes.
2717	Remove an operation node from the circuit by connecting its predecessors to its successors.
2718	Given a node, removes all its ancestor operation nodes.
2719	Removes all descendant operation nodes of a given node from the graph.
2720	Removes all non-ancestors operation nodes of a given node.
2721	Removes all non-descendant operation nodes of the given node.
2722	Generates and yields layers of a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) circuit, where each layer contains gates acting on disjoint qubits and has a depth of 1. The layers are constructed using a greedy algorithm and are indexed from 0 to d-1. Each yielded layer is a dict containing a quantum circuit graph and a list of qubit lists.
2723	Serially yield layers for circuits.
2724	Yields layers of the multigraph.
2725	Return a set of non-conditional runs of "op" nodes with the given names.
2726	Iterator for nodes that affect a given wire Yields: DAGNode: the successive ops on the given wire Raises: DAGCircuitError if the given wire doesn't exist in the DAG
2727	Return a dictionary of operation name occurrences.
2728	Return a dictionary of circuit properties.
2729	Generates a TomographyBasis object with optional preparation and measurement functions.
2730	Add state measurement gates to a circuit based on the specified Pauli operation (X, Y, or Z). Raises an error if the operation is not one of these.
2731	Generates a dictionary of experiment configurations for quantum state and process tomography, defining measurement and preparation basis options.
2732	Generate a dictionary of process tomography experiment configurations
2733	Add tomography measurement circuits to a QuantumProgram.
2734	Returns a results dict for a state or process tomography experiment.
2735	Compute the marginal counts for a subset of measured qubits.
2736	Reconstructs a density matrix or process-matrix from tomography data using specified methods ('wizard' or 'leastsq') and optional options.
2737	Reconstruct a state from unconstrained least-squares fitting.
2738	Constructs a projector based on a list of operations and a basis.
2739	Reconstruct a matrix through linear inversion using observed frequencies, projectors, weights, and a desired trace.
2740	The method `__wizard` returns the nearest positive semidefinite operator to a given operator by constraining positivity through eigenvalue manipulation.
2741	Calculate the value of the Wigner function from measurement results.
2742	Add measurement gates to a circuit according to the provided parameters.
2743	)**Text-based job status checker that prints the status of a job and updates it at a specified interval until the job is complete, cancelled, or throws an error. The check interval can be automatically adjusted based on the job status or user input. The function outputs the status messages to a specified file or standard output by default.**
2744	Monitor the status of a IBMQJob instance and update the status asynchronously if needed.
2745	Compute Euler angles for a single-qubit gate. Find angles (theta, phi, lambda) such that unitary_matrix = phase * Rz(phi) * Ry(theta) * Rz(lambda). Returns a tuple of Euler angles of SU(2). Raises QiskitError if the input unitary_matrix is not 2x2 or if the computation fails.
2746	Simplify a unitary gate \( U \) to the fewest possible pulses using \( u1 \), \( u2 \), or \( u3 \) gates. The function takes input Euler rotation angles \( \theta \), \( \phi \), and \( \lambda \), and Returns the corresponding gate that implementations \( U \) exactly, without a global phase. \`gate\` is initially set to \( U3Gate(\theta, \phi, \lambda) \). Checks if \( \theta \) is 0 mod \( 2\pi \), in which case gate is simplified to \( U1Gate \). If \( \theta \) is \( \pm \pi/2 \) mod \( 2\pi \), gate is simplified to \( U2Gate \). If \( \theta \) and \( \lambda \) are 0 mod \( 4\pi \), gate is simplified to `IdGate`.
2747	Extends DAG with virtual qubits that are in layout but not in the circuit yet.
2748	Constructs a widget showing qubits properties, including frequency, T1, T2, gate errors, and readout error, for the given backend.
2749	Make a widget for displaying job history divided into yearly, monthly, and weekly tabs.
2750	Plots the job history of the user based on a list of jobs and a given interval (year, month, or week). Returns a Matplotlib figure instance showing the job distribution over the specified time period.
2751	Plot the interpolated envelope of pulse with options for saving and displaying.
2752	Applies a cu3 gate from the control qubit `ctl` to the target qubit `tgt` with the specified angles `theta`, `phi`, and `lam`.
2753	Prepare a quantum circuit for the Bell state with two qubits.
2754	Transpile one or more circuits according to desired transpilation targets, allowing for various optimization options and custom pass managers.
2755	Select a PassManager and run a quantum circuit through it based on the provided configuration.
2756	```
Execute a list of circuits or pulse schedules on a backend.

The execution is asynchronous, and a handle to a job instance is returned.

Args:
    experiments (QuantumCircuit or list[QuantumCircuit] or Schedule or list[Schedule]):
        Circuit(s) or pulse schedule(s) to execute.

    backend (BaseBackend):
        Backend to execute circuits on.

    basis_gates (list[str]):
        List of basis gate names to unroll to.

    coupling_map (CouplingMap or list):
        Coupling map to target in mapping.

    backend_properties (BackendProperties):
        Properties returned by a backend.

    initial_layout (Layout or dict or list):
        Initial position of virtual qubits on physical qubits.

    seed_transpiler (int):
        Sets random seed for the stochastic parts of the transpiler.

    optimization_level (int):
        How much optimization to perform on the circuits.

    pass_manager (PassManager):
        The pass manager to use during transpilation.

    qobj_id (str):
        A string identifier for the Qobj.

    qobj_header (QobjHeader or dict):
        User input to insert in the Qobj header.

    shots (int):
        Number of repetitions of each circuit.

    memory (bool):
        If True, per-shot measurement bitstrings are returned.

    max_credits (int):
        Maximum credits to spend on the job.

    seed_simulator (int):
        Random seed to control sampling, for when the backend is a simulator.

    default_qubit_los (list):
        Default qubit LO frequencies.

    default_meas_los (list):
        Default measurement LO frequencies.

    schedule_los (list or None):
        Experiment LO configurations.

    meas_level (int):
        Measurement level for pulse experiments.

    meas_return (str):
        Level of measurement data for the backend to return.

    memory_slots (int):
        Number of classical memory slots used in this job.

    memory_slot_size (int):
        Size of each memory slot.

    rep_time (int):
        Repetition time of the experiment in ms.

    parameter_binds (list[dict):
        Parameter bindings for executing experiments.

    seed (int):
        DEPRECATED: use ``seed_simulator`` instead.

    seed_mapper (int):
        DEPRECATED: use ``seed_transpiler`` instead.

    config (dict):
        DEPRECATED: use ``run_config`` instead.

    circuits (QuantumCircuit or list[Quant
2757	Returns the primary drive channel of this qubit. If there are no drive channels, raises a PulseError indicating that there are no drive channels in the qubit.
2758	Returns the primary control channel of this qubit. Raises an error if no control channels are present.
2759	Returns the primary measure channel of this qubit. If no measurement channels are present, raises a PulseError indicating the absence of measurement channels for the specified qubit.
2760	Returns the primary acquire channel of this qubit If no acquire channels are available, raises a PulseError
2761	### Summary:
Prepares an n-qubit input state for a Quantum Fourier Transform (QFT), ensuring the output is 1.
2762	Convert a list of circuits or pulse schedules into a Qobj.
2763	Remove the handlers for the 'qiskit' logger.
2764	Graphical representation of the density matrix using a 2D city style graph (hinton).
2765	Calculate the process fidelity between two quantum channels.
2766	Set the input text data.
2767	Pop a PLY lexer off the stack.
2768	Push a PLY lexer on the stack to parse a given filename
2769	Iterate over each block in the given DAG and replace it with an equivalent Unitary on the same wires.
2770	Returns the conversion method for the given instruction. Raises an error if the conversion method is not found.
2771	Return a dictionary of required parameters for an `AcquireInstruction` after converting it with a given shift.
2772	Return a dictionary of required parameters for a frame change instruction.
2773	Convert a `PersistentValueInstruction` to a dictionary of required parameters. The parameters include the command name, offset time plus start time, channel name, and command value.
2774	Convert drive instruction to a dictionary of required parameters
2775	Return converted `Snapshot`.
2776	Update annotations of discretized continuous pulse function with duration.
2777	Decorate a continuous function to a discretized pulse with a sampler function.
2778	Returns a list of backend instances matching the specified filtering criteria.
2779	Resolves a backend name based on availability, deprecated names, and aliases.
2780	Convert a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) into a Quantum Circuit.
2781	Converts a diagonal observable matrix to dictionary form, handling both matrix and list inputs.
2782	Updates a node in the symbol table, checking for duplicate declarations and storing the new node if unique.
2783	Verifies a qubit id against the gate prototype.
2784	Verifies each expression in a list by recursively walking through each node and ensuring that any Id elements resolve to the current symbol table. Raises a QasmError if an argument cannot be found in the symbol table.
2785	Verify if a user-defined gate call is correct by checking if the gate exists, if it is indeed a gate or opaque, and if it has the correct number of qubits and arguments.
2786	Verify a register by checking if its type and index match those in the global symbol table.
2787	Verifies a list of registers, ensuring each is declared as a bit.
2788	Compute the column number based on the input text string and token.
2789	Set the parse_deb field based on the input value.
2790	Parse some data and return the result, raising a QasmError if an exception occurs.
2791	Parse data and generate abstract syntax tree
2792	Parse the data.
2793	Applies a CRZ gate from the control qubit `ctl` to the target qubit `tgt` with the specified angle `theta`.
2794	Returns a basis state ndarray.
2795	Maps a pure state vector to a density matrix, optionally flattening the result.
2796	Calculate the purity of a quantum state.
2797	Runs the pass on the directed acyclic graph (DAG) to identify and store commutation relations between gates in the property_set.
2798	Creates a backend widget with information such as name, qubit count, gate map, and various properties.
2799	Updates backend information interval (default 60). Monitors and updates status, operational status, pending jobs for each backend. Adjusts visual representation based on status. Runs in a separate thread.
2800	Generate a progress bar widget for displaying the number of pending jobs.
2801	Run one pass of CX cancellation on the circuit and return the transformed DAG.
2802	Get a single backend matching the specified filtering.
2803	Return the shape for bipartite matrix
2804	Get the number and size of unique registers from bit_labels list.
2805	Truncate long floats by formatting them according to the specified format specifier. Args: matchobj (re.Match): contains original float format_str (str): format specifier Returns: str: returns truncated float
2806	Accepts a list of y values and returns an ascii graph Optionally values can also be a dictionary with a key of timestamp and a value of value.InGraphs returns data in this format for example.
2807	Get depth information for the circuit. Returns the number of columns and the total size of the columns in the circuit.
2808	Get height, width & scale attributes for beamer page
2809	Loads the QObj schema for use in future validations. Caches schema in `_SCHEMAS` module attribute.
2810	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
2811	Load all default schemas into `_SCHEMAS`.
2812	Validates JSON dictionary against a predefined schema and raises SchemaValidationError if validation fails.
2813	Return a cascading explanation of the validation error.
2814	Applies a majority gate using quantum operations.
2815	Unmajority gate.
2816	Convert a QuantumCircuit to a LaTeX string.
2817	Draw a quantum circuit based on matplotlib. If `%matplotlib inline` is invoked in a Jupyter notebook, it visualizes a circuit inline. We recommend `%config InlineBackend.figure_format = 'svg'` for the inline visualization. Args: circuit (QuantumCircuit): a quantum circuit scale (float): scaling factor filename (str): file path to save image to style (dict or str): dictionary of style or file name of style file reverse_bits (bool): When set to True reverse the bit order inside registers for the output visualization. plot_barriers (bool): Enable/disable drawing barriers in the output circuit. Defaults to True. justify (str) : 'left', 'right' or 'none'. Defaults to 'left'. Says how the circuit should be justified. Returns: matplotlib.figure: a matplotlib figure object for the circuit diagram
2818	Return a random dim x dim unitary Operator from the Haar measure.
2819	Generates a random density matrix `rho` with specified `length`, `rank`, and `method`. Raises a `QiskitError` if the `method` is invalid.
2820	Return a normally distributed complex random matrix.
2821	Generate a random density matrix from the Hilbert-Schmidt metric.
2822	Generate a random density matrix from the Bures metric.
2823	List of custom gate names in the gate body.
2824	Compute the matrix power of a QuantumChannel with itself n times.
2825	Compose subsystems of quantum channels.
2826	Converts a QuantumCircuit or Instruction to a SuperOp.
2827	Return a circuit with a barrier before the last measurements in a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG).
2828	Convert a list of circuits into a qobj.
2829	Expand 3+ qubit gates using their decomposition rules to obtain a DAGCircuit with maximum node degrees of 2.
2830	Expand a given gate into its decomposition.
2831	Calculate a subcircuit that implements this unitary by defining quantum gates based on the number of qubits.
2832	Validate if the value is of the type of the schema's model.
2833	Validate if it's a list of valid item-field values. Check if each element in the list can be validated by the item-field passed during construction. If any errors occur, raise a ValidationError.
2834	Set the absolute tolerance parameter for float comparisons.
2835	Set the relative tolerance parameter for float comparisons. Raises an error if the value is negative or greater than the maximum allowed tolerance.
2836	In - place reshaping of operator's input and output dimensions.
2837	Return a tuple of input dimensions for specified subsystems. If `qargs` is not provided, return the default input dimensions.
2838	Return the output dimensions for specified subsystems. If `qargs` is provided, return the corresponding dimensions; otherwise, return all output dimensions.
2839	Make a copy of the current operator.
2840	Return the composition of an operator with itself n times, ensuring n is a positive integer and the operator's input and output dimensions are equal. Raises a QiskitError if n is not a positive integer or if the input and output dimensions do not match.
2841	Check if input dimension corresponds to qubit subsystems and returns the appropriate dimensions.
2842	Perform a contraction using Numpy.einsum
2843	Override ``_deserialize`` for customizing the exception raised.
2844	Customizes the exception raised by ``_serialize`` when a ``TypeError`` occurs, specifically when the error message contains 'serialization_schema_selector', it raises a ``ValidationError`` with a custom error message.
2845	Check if at least one of the possible choices validates the value.
2846	State fidelity between two quantum states
2847	Apply a real scalar function to the singular values of a matrix.
2848	Return self
2849	Set snapshot label to name
2850	Check if the quantum channel is unitary
2851	Try to convert the filter to a unitary 2D convolution.
2852	Convert to a Kraus or UnitaryGate circuit instruction
2853	Converts input into a QuantumChannel subclass object or Operator object. Handles common conversion for all QuantumChannel subclasses and provides fallbacks for custom conversion methods.
2854	Create a Graphene Enum for sorting a SQLAlchemy class query
2855	Monkey patching `_strptime` to ensure date parsing works correctly in non-English locales by forcing the locale to 'en_US'.
2856	Returns an ordered mapping with locale codes as keys and corresponding locale instances as values. Takes parameters for languages, locales, region, and order of locales. Allows for loading locales with conflicting regions.
2857	Yield locale instances based on the provided languages, locales, and region, optionally ordering the results as given and allowing conflicts between locales with the same language but different regions.
2858	Check if tokens are valid tokens for the locale.
2859	Split the date string using translations in locale info.
2860	Parse a date string using specified formats and language/region settings. If successful, returns a datetime object; otherwise, returns None. Handles multiple languages/locales and custom settings.
2861	Attempts to parse the time part of date strings like '1 day ago, 2 PM'
2862	Check if the locale is applicable to translate date string.
2863	Parse PubMed XML dictionary to retrieve abstract.
2864	Parases a date string with multiple formats and returns a dictionary containing the parsed date object and the corresponding period. If no valid format is found, it returns a dictionary with `None` for the date object and 'day' as the period.
2865	Return a generator for loading ammo based on the specified type and configuration.
2866	translate http code to net code. if assertion failed, set net code to 314
2867	This function translates a string representation of an exception into an HTTP code. If the input string is a single digit, it attempts to convert it to an integer and return that value. If the input string contains a known exception, it returns 0. If the input string contains an unknown exception, it logs a warning and returns 0.
2868	Read and process configuration settings for Phantom tool.
2869	Generate phantom tool run config.
2870	Merges information about phantom conf by aggregating data from multiple streams.
2871	Compose benchmark configuration based on various parameters.
2872	This function monitors the stdout and stderr streams, reads their contents, and logs them to the provided log object. It also supports an optional comment for better traceability.
2873	Converts a time string with units (ms, s, m, h, d, w) into seconds, using a default unit and multiplier.
2874	Cycles through the exported threaded list with the given pools and returns a list of outputs
2875	Generates test data if necessary and publishes stepper information.
2876	Choose the name for stepped data file
2877	This function read the stepper information from a JSON file and returns it as a StepperInfo object.
2878	Writes stepper information to a JSON file.
2879	Generate a stpd-file using the Stepper class
2880	Create a Load Plan based on the provided RPS schedule and publish information about its duration and steps.
2881	Return the rotational speed per second (RPS) for a given time `t`.
2882	Executes a command and checks the exit code, raising an exception if the exit code is non-zero.
2883	Decode and process monitoring data to extract points.
2884	Create a set of points for a given label.
2885	Publish value to status
2886	Helper function to aggregate codes by mask, counting only those that match a given regex.
2887	tell the workers to finish and quit
2888	Run by a separate thread in the main process; reads tasks from a file, puts them into a queue, and waits for all workers to complete.
2889	Sets up logging configuration, including file and console handlers with different formats and log levels.
2890	This function overrides configuration options with user-specified options.
2891	prepares the configuration for a Tank object by setting options, acquiring a lock, loading configurations, and loading plugins
2892	Call shutdown routines.
2893	Collect data, cache it, and send to listeners.
2894	Notifies all listeners about the aggregated data and statistics.
2895	Return marker function of the requested marker_type.
2896	Converts a duration string into milliseconds. Supports formats like '3h2m3s', '0.3s', and '5'.
2897	Start the local agent and initialize the session and reader thread.
2898	Start the remote agent and execute the start command.
2899	Searching for a line in jmeter.log indicating the UDP port used by JMeter, and extracting the port number from the log message if found.
2900	Adds JMeter components and variables to the JMX file
2901	Gracefully terminate a running process by sending a terminate signal and then a kill signal if necessary.
2902	Parse lines to extract timestamps, RPS, and instances, and generate stats with the last timestamp and corresponding RPS and instances.
2903	Method for creating a criterion from a configuration string
2904	Prepare config data by parsing XML and collecting host configurations.
2905	Used by agent.py on the target to manage startup, shutdown, and source configurations. Creates or reuses an existing configuration file based on the host name. Generates section for startup, shutdown, and source commands with respective indexes and values. Handles exceptions and logs errors if the configuration file creation fails.
2906	Checks that disk space is sufficient for operations
2907	Check if available memory exceeds the limit and raise an exception if it does
2908	Returns the width and height of the terminal viewport
2909	Get next line for right panel
2910	Cuts tuple of line chunks according to their visible length, handling markups and spaces appropriately.
2911	Render left blocks and format them
2912	```plaintext
Main method to render screen view
```
2913	Add widget to right panel
2914	Right-pad lines of block to equal width.
2915	Calculate the visible length of a string, considering its markup.
2916	Creates load plan timestamps generator.
2917	format level string
2918	Adds a widget to the right panel of the screen.
2919	Send a request to a writer service with optional parameters, JSON data, HTTP method, and tracing. Retry on network errors and maintenance periods.
2920	Tells core to take plugin options and instantiate plugin classes
2921	Retrieves a plugin of a specified class from a collection of plugins, raises KeyError if not found
2922	Retrieve a list of plugins of desired class, KeyError raised otherwise
2923	Move or copy a single file to the artifacts directory, handle existing files, and set the file permissions.
2924	Return True if path matches match and exclude options.
2925	Generate a temporary file name in the artifacts base directory and close the temporary file handle.
2926	Read configs set into storage.
2927	Flush current stat to file
2928	Returns a list of options with the requested prefix from a given section in a configuration.
2929	List of sections with specified prefix.
2930	Decodes statistic data from a chunk, extracts information related to "benchmark_io", calculates the number of instances, and yields a stats item.
2931	Returns info object.
2932	Prepares monitoring by installing agents on specified hosts as defined in the configuration.
2933	Poll agents for data and process the results.
2934	Sends collected data to all registered listeners, ensuring each listener receives a deep copy of the data.
2935	Determines which plugin's configuration is specified and returns the appropriate SECTION name. Raises an error if both configurations are specified. Adjusts the configuration based on the specified plugin.
2936	store metric in data tree and calculate offset signs
2937	decode agents jsons, count diffs
2938	Start subscribing to channels. If the necessary connection isn't open yet, it opens now.
2939	Run the event loop indefinitely, subscribing to initial channels and closing resources on exception
2940	Close any open connections
2941	Response the status code if it is 200 otherwise
2942	Sends a request to place a new order with the specified parameters. Returns the Order instance created from the response.
2943	Get an order by ID.
2944	Gets an open position for the specified symbol.
2945	Get a list of assets
2946	Retrieves an asset by its symbol.
2947	This function creates a subplan that joins multiple parallel steps into a single step in a pipeline definition. It takes the pipeline definition, solid, join step key, parallel steps, and parallel step output as inputs. It checks that each parallel step provides an output with the specified name, creates a join step to combine the outputs, and returns a subplan with the parallel steps and join step output.
2948	Ensures an argument is a native Python dictionary and optionally checks key and value types.
2949	Ensures argument obj is either a dictionary or None; if the latter, instantiates an empty dictionary.
2950	A function that constructs an event logger using a callback. The callback receives a stream of event records, and the logger processes these events using a structured logger handler.
2951	Construct a JSON event logger to record a stream of event records to a specified JSON file.
2952	Read a config file and instantiate the RCParser.
2953	Get the configuration dictionary for a specified repository.
2954	Format a configuration dictionary into a GraphQL-compatible string representation using a recursive descent approach.
2955	Retrieves a pipeline by name, constructs it if not already constructed and cached, and returns an instance of PipelineDefinition.
2956	Returns a list of all pipelines, ensuring uniqueness by constructing solid definitions.
2957	Polls a process for a valid item, otherwise returns a Process Dead and Queue Empty state. If the process is alive, it waits for an item to be available in the queue; if not, it continues draining the queue until there are no more items or the process has terminated.
2958	Execute a pipeline using a message queue as the transport by putting the started, done, and any potential errors into the queue.
2959	Waits until all processes are enqueued.
2960	Creates a field schema for configuration data, specifying the type, optionality, defaults, and description.
2961	Constructs the execution plan by building a dependency dictionary and mapping steps.
2962	Here we build a new ExecutionPlan from a pipeline definition and the environment config. We iterate through the pipeline's solids in topological order, and hand off the execution steps for each solid to a companion _PlanBuilder object. Once we've processed the entire pipeline, we invoke _PlanBuilder.build() to construct the ExecutionPlan object.
2963	Returns a new pipeline which is a subset of another pipeline, including only the solids specified in solid_names.
2964	Get solid by its name, raise error if it does not exist.
2965	Get the shell commands for building and publishing a package to PyPI, including optional additional steps and nightly build support.
2966	Tags all submodules for a new release, ensuring the new version is strictly greater than the current version and following PEP 440. Creates a new git tag and commit.
2967	Create a context definition from a pre-existing context for testing purposes.
2968	Annotate a function to take selected properties from a ``config_value`` and convert them to an instance of a custom type.
2969	Output a decorator for a function that can take selected properties of a `config_value` and an instance of a custom type to materialize it.
2970	Automagically wraps a block of text with a specified prefix and line length.
2971	Download an object from s3. The function takes a context as an argument, which exposes a boto3 S3 client as its `s3` resource. It downloads the file specified in `context.solid_config['target_file']` and returns the path to the downloaded object.
2972	Upload a file to S3.
2973	Wraps the execution of user-space code in an error boundary, ensuring that all user errors are wrapped in the DagsterUserCodeExecutionError and preserving the original stack trace.
2974	Create directory and parents if they don't exist. Raises error if the directory already exists and is not a directory.
2975	Wraps a user-provided function that may yield or return a value and returns a generator that asserts it yields only a single value.
2976	In the event of pipeline initialization failure, logs the failure without a dependency on the ExecutionContext to initialize DagsterLog.
2977	Check if any step in the execution was successful.
2978	Return True if all step events are of type STEP_SKIPPED.
2979	Return dictionary of transformed results, with keys being output names. Returns None if execution result isn't a success.
2980	Return transformed value either for DEFAULT_OUTPUT or for the output given as output_name. Returns None if execution result isn't a success.
2981	Returns the data from the failed step during the solid's execution.
2982	Return a PermissiveDict class that permits users to partially specify permitted fields. The class will type check specified fields and ignore undefined fields.
2983	Check if the dataset conforms to the "project.dataset" or "dataset" format.
2984	Check if the given table string is in the format "project.dataset.table" or "dataset.table"
2985	Execute the user-specified transform for the solid, logging, and tracking metrics.
2986	A function that creates a Dagster type from an existing Python class, allowing for configuration mapping and serialization strategies.
2987	Create a resource decorator that takes an optional `config_field` and `description` as arguments. If the decorator is used without arguments, the decorated function will be used as the `resource_fn` in a `ResourceDefinition`. If the decorator is used with arguments, a wrapped function is returned that includes the `resource_fn`, `config_field`, and `description`.
2988	Send an event to PagerDuty using the Events API v2. The method allows you to specify the summary, source, severity, and other optional parameters such as event_action, dedup_key, timestamp, component, group, event_class, and custom_details. This method returns an EventV2 object.
2989	Groups execution steps by solid, in topological order of the solids.
2990	Default method to acquire database connection parameters by setting them to match settings.py and providing default values for blank fields.
2991	Creates a new database connection using the provided connection parameters and returns the database instance.
2992	Returns an active connection cursor to the database.
2993	Close the client connection to the database.
2994	Builds an instance of model from the model_dict by converting the values to their Python representations using the corresponding fields' to_python methods.
2995	Overrides the standard `to_python` method from Django models to correctly translate a Mongo array into a Python list.
2996	Returns the formfield for the array.
2997	Converts a dictionary to an instance of a model container.
2998	Return the filtered queryset for the instance this manager is bound to.
2999	Computes the matrix of expected false positives for all possible sub-intervals of the complete domain of set sizes, assuming uniform distribution of set_sizes within each sub-intervals.
3000	Computes the matrix of expected false positives for all possible sub-intervals of the complete domain of set sizes.
3001	Computes the optimal partitions given size distributions and expected false positives for sub-intervals.
3002	Takes a distribution of set sizes and computes the optimal partitions into a specified number of parts.
3003	Computes the functions C1 and C2. If both r1 and r2 are 0.0, it returns a1 and a2. Otherwise, it calculates and returns c1 and c2 using the provided formula.
3004	Initialize the slots of the LeanMinHash with a random seed and hash values.
3005	Compute the byte size after serialization, considering the byte order and the size of the seed integer, the number of hash values, and each hash value.
3006	Serialize this lean MinHash and store the result in an allocated buffer.
3007	Deserialize a lean MinHash from a buffer.
3008	Update the MinHash object with a new value using a hash function specified in the constructor. The value is hashed and then used to update the hash values if the generated hash value is smaller than the current hash values.
3009	Merge the other MinHash with this one, making this one the union of both. Raises an error if the other MinHash has a different seed or number of permutation functions.
3010	Create a MinHash object which is the union of multiple MinHash objects passed as arguments.
3011	Index all sets given their keys, MinHashes, and sizes. It can be called only once after the index is created.
3012	Retrieves keys that reference sets with containment with respect to the query set greater than the threshold.
3013	Create a new weighted MinHash given a weighted Jaccard vector. Each dimension represents the integer frequency of the corresponding element in the multi-set.
3014	Remove the key from the index. Ensure the key exists, remove it from hashtables, and update keys set.
3015	Update the HyperLogLog data structure with a new data value.
3016	Estimate the cardinality of the data values seen so far. Returns the estimated cardinality as an int. Uses HyperLogLog estimation function with small and large range corrections.
3017	Merge another HyperLogLog with this one, updating this one to be the union of the two. Raises an error if the precisions are different.
3018	Reset the current HyperLogLog to empty.
3019	Return the average precision at k between two lists of items.
3020	Computes the mean average precision at k for two lists of lists of items.
3021	Index all the keys added so far and make them searchable.
3022	Returns the approximate top-k keys that have the highest Jaccard similarities to the query set.
3023	Clean up client resources and disconnect from AsyncMinHashLSH storage.
3024	Return an ordered storage system based on the specified config.
3025	Return an unordered storage system based on the specified config.
3026	Customize the UserDetailsSerializer used in JWTSerializer.
3027	Set the social login process state to connect rather than login.
3028	Selects the correct text from the Japanese number, reading, and alternatives. If reading mode is on, it selects the kana reading; otherwise, it selects the kanji number. If multiple alternatives are provided, it selects the preferred one or the first one.
3029	Parses a scoped selector, converting macros to a specified format and splitting the selector into scope and selector components.
3030	Parse a single statement and return a `BindingStatement`, `ImportStatement`, `IncludeStatement`, or `None` if no more statements can be parsed (EOF reached).
3031	Parse a single literal value and return it. If none of the parsers succeed, raise a syntax error.
3032	Advances to the next line by updating the current token.
3033	Try to parse a configurable reference.
3034	Reraises an exception, appending a custom message to its string representation.
3035	Convert an operative config string to markdown format.
3036	Writes out Gin's operative config, and maybe adds a summary of it to a TensorFlow summary writer.
3037	Ensure `fn` can be wrapped cleanly by functools.wraps. Handle "wrapped_descriptor" and "method-wrapper" types. Otherwise, return `fn` as is.
3038	Decorate a function or class with the given decorator. When `fn_or_cls` is a function, applies `decorator` to the function and returns the (decorated) result. When `fn_or_cls` is a class and `subclass` is `False`, this will replace `fn_or_cls.__init__` with the result of applying `decorator` to it. When `fn_or_cls` is a class and `subclass` is `True`, this will subclass the class, but with `__init__` defined to be the result of applying `decorator` to `fn_or_cls.__init__`. The decorated class has metadata (docstring, name, and module information) copied over from `fn_or_cls`.
3039	Ensure that the given `value` can be parsed back to its original form using the `parse_value` function. If it can, return its string representation; otherwise, return `None`.
3040	Clears the global configuration by removing parameter values, dynamically imported modules, and optionally constants.
3041	Binds a particular parameter value to a configurable function using a binding key.
3042	Get the currently bound value for a specified `binding_key`.
3043	Returns True if the specified argument name might be a valid parameter for a given function or class.
3044	Gets cached argspec for a function.
3045	Returns the names of the supplied arguments to the given function.
3046	Returns the names of all positional arguments to the given function.
3047	Retrieve all default values for configurable parameters of a function, excluding parameters based on the supplied whitelist and blacklist. Cache the results for efficiency.
3048	"""
Opens a new configuration scope for managing parameter bindings and stacking them. 
Returns a context manager containing the new scope, which can be used to limit parameter bindings to specific code sections. 
Pairs with the 'gin' library to facilitate parameter management across nested functions and scopes.
"""
3049	Decorator to make a function or class configurable.
3050	Retrieves the "operative" configuration as a config string, capturing parameter values used by configurable functions during the current program's execution.
3051	Parse a file, string, or list of strings containing parameter bindings and set up the global configuration.
3052	**Summary:** Register a file reader for use in parse_config_file. Registered file readers will be used to try reading files passed to parse_config_file. This function can be used as a decorator.
3053	Parse a Gin config file and handle unknown configurables and imports.
3054	Parse a list of config files and apply Gin bindings to configure a system.
3055	Parse and return a single Gin value, raising an error if the input is not a string type.
3056	A function that ensures finalization of a configuration after parsing all Gin config files. It collects and merges bindings from registered "finalize hooks," ensuring no conflicts. Raises exceptions if the config is already locked or if multiple hooks modify the same key.
3057	Provides an iterator over all values in a nested structure.
3058	Provides an iterator over references in the given config.
3059	Creates a constant that can be referenced from gin config files.
3060	Decorator for an enum class that generates Gin constants from values. Generated constants have format `module.ClassName.ENUM_VALUE`. The module name is optional when using the constant.
3061	Retrieves all selectors matching `partial_selector`. For instance, if "one.a.b" and "two.a.b" are stored in a `SelectorMap`, both `matching_selectors('b')` and `matching_selectors('a.b')` will return them. In the event that `partial_selector` exactly matches an existing complete selector, only that complete selector is returned. For instance, if "a.b.c.d" and "c.d" are stored, `matching_selectors('c.d')` will return only `['c.d']`, while `matching_selectors('d')` will return both.
3062	Returns all values matching `partial_selector` as a list.
3063	Method returns the minimal selector that uniquely matches the given complete selector by traversing the selector tree and iterating through its components. It raises a KeyError if the complete selector is not found in the map.
3064	Translates a Mopidy search query to a Spotify search query by mapping fields and transforming values accordingly.
3065	This function parses the Retry-After header from a response and calculates the number of seconds to wait before retrying a request. If the header is not set or contains invalid values, it returns 0. If the header contains a date, it calculates the time difference in seconds until that date.
3066	Validate a new property value before setting it, ensuring it's not read-only and meets the specified metadata criteria.
3067	Get the property description as a dictionary.
3068	Set the current value of the property
3069	Get the thing at the given index. Returns None if the index is out of bounds or the input is not a valid integer.
3070	Initializes the handler with a list of Things and a list of allowed hostnames.
3071	Set the default headers for all requests.
3072	Validate the Host header in the request. If it is not present or not in the allowed list, raise a 403 error.
3073	Handle a GET request, including websocket requests.
3074	Handle an incoming message and process it accordingly. If the message is not properly formatted or contains invalid data, an error response will be sent. If the message type is 'setProperty', the properties will be updated. If the message type is 'requestAction', the corresponding action will be performed asynchronously. If the message type is 'addEventSubscription', an event subscription will be added. If the message type is unknown, an error response will be sent.
3075	Handle a POST request to perform actions on a thing.
3076	Handles a DELETE request to remove an action from a thing, setting the appropriate status code based on success or failure.
3077	Start listening for incoming connections.
3078	Get the action description. Returns a dictionary describing the action.
3079	Start performing the action.
3080	Sets the status to 'completed', records the completion time, and notifies the associated thing.
3081	Get the event description as a dictionary with the event name, timestamp, and optional data.
3082	Retrieve the default local IP address.
3083	Get all IP addresses and return them as a sorted list, filtering out link-local and unspecified addresses.
3084	Set a new value for this thing
3085	Notify observers of a new value.
3086	Return the state of the thing as a Thing Description in dictionary format.
3087	Sets the prefix for hrefs associated with this thing and its properties and actions.
3088	Returns the properties of an object as a dictionary, where each key is a property name and each value is a description of that property.
3089	Get the thing's actions as an array. If an action name is provided, get descriptions for that specific action. If no action name is provided, get descriptions for all actions.
3090	Get the descriptions of events associated with an object. If an event name is provided, returns descriptions for that specific event. Otherwise, returns descriptions for all events.
3091	Add a property to this thing.
3092	Remove a property from this thing.
3093	Get a property's value. Returns the property's value, if found, else None
3094	Returns a dictionary of property_name -> value.
3095	Set a property value.
3096	This interface is used to retrieve an action based on its name and ID. Returns the action if found, otherwise returns None.
3097	Adding a new event and notifying subscribers
3098	Add an available event with the given name and metadata. If no metadata is provided, an empty dictionary is used. The event is stored with a set of subscribers initialized to empty.
3099	Create and perform an action with the given name and input, if any. Returns the created action.
3100	Remove an existing action and return a boolean indicating its presence.
3101	Add an action to the available actions.
3102	Remove a websocket subscriber and unsubscribe them from all available events.
3103	Adds a new websocket subscriber to an event.
3104	Removes a websocket subscriber from an event.
3105	Notifies all subscribers of a property change by sending a message.
3106	Notify all subscribers of an action status change.
3107	Notify all subscribers of an event.
3108	Return a Django QuerySet with annotated fields, allowing the use of existing field names as alias names.
3109	Updates all rows that match the filter by compiling a query and executing it using a PostgreSQL returning compiler. Sends a signal for each updated row and returns the number of rows affected.
3110	Creates multiple new records in the database, optionally returning model instances.
3111	Creates a new record in the database and returns the primary key of the created record.
3112	Creates a new record in a database and retrieves the entire row, allowing custom conflict handling. If no specific behavior is provided, it uses the default Django create method.
3113	Builds an SQL compiler for an insert query using a list of dictionaries, each representing a record to insert. Ensures all rows have the same field configuration and handles bulk upserts by specifying conflict action and target.
3114	Verifies whether this field will modify something on its own during the pre_save. Returns True when the field modifies something.
3115	Gets the fields to use in an upsert. Splits the fields into insert fields and update fields.
3116	Send signals when a model is created or updated.
3117	When a model gets deleted, it triggers a deletion signal with the instance's primary key.
3118	Method for selecting the first non-None field from a list of fields.
3119	Resolves expressions inside the dictionary and returns a new HStoreValue with the resolved values.
3120	Compiles HStore values into SQL, evaluating expressions within the values and returning the SQL representation of the HStore dictionary.
3121	A method that returns a re-labeled clone of the current expression by using the provided relabels dictionary to map the current alias to a new one.
3122	Adds extra join conditions to an existing JOIN in a query, allowing for additional constraints in the join.
3123	Check if a specified field is a HStoreField
3124	Sets the values to be used in this query..insertBefore**
3125	Creates a REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for the specified hstore key.
3126	Renames an existing REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for the specified hstore key.
3127	Drops a REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for the specified hstore key.
3128	Returns the name for a UNIQUE constraint that applies to a single hstore key for the specified table and field.
3129	Creates the actual SQL used when applying the migration.model Django model being migrated.schema_editor Schema editor instance using Database alias for the connection.
3130	Creates a custom setup.py command.
3131	Gets the custom database back-end base class, defaulting to Django's PostgreSQL back-end and ensuring it's not derived from Psycopg2DatabaseWrapper.
3132	```Summary
Prepare the configured database by enabling the `hstore` extension if it hasn't been enabled yet.
```
3133	Overrides the base class method to prevent casting all values to strings, supporting expressions in hstore fields.
3134	Builds the RETURNING part of the query.
3135	Builds the SQL INSERT statement. queries a list of SQL INSERT statements.
3136	Rewrites a formed SQL INSERT query to include the ON CONFLICT clause based on the specified conflict action. Returns the rewritten SQL query and new params.
3137	Rewrites a formed SQL INSERT query to include the ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE clause.
3138	Return a rewritten SQL INSERT query that includes the ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING clause, and if a conflict occurs, returns an existing row from the database.
3139	Parse PubMed XML dictionary to retrieve abstract.
3140	Gets the field on a model with the specified name, which can be either the actual field name or the name of the column. Returns the field if found, or None if the field does not exist.
3141	Return formatted string of a field's name for SQL usage.
3142	Method for formatting a field's value for usage in SQL.
3143	Creates a UNIQUE constraint for the specified hstore keys.
3144	Renames an existing UNIQUE constraint for the specified hstore keys.
3145	Drops a UNIQUE constraint for the specified hstore keys
3146	```python
Returns the name for a UNIQUE INDEX on a hstore field.
```
3147	Iterates over the keys marked as "unique" in the specified field.
3148	Adds extra condition to join with specified field and value
3149	Compiles this JOIN into a SQL string by adding extra conditions to the existing SQL query.
3150	Return an approximation to the 95% confidence interval for the Student's T distribution given the degrees of freedom.
3151	Find the pooled sample variance for two samples.
3152	Calculate a t-test score for the difference between two samples.
3153	Determine whether two samples differ significantly using a Student's two-sample, two-tailed t-test with alpha=0.95. Returns a boolean indicating whether the samples differ significantly and the t-score from the test.
3154	Return a topological sorting of nodes in a graph.
3155	Return an iterator over the solutions to the N-Queens problem which
3156	uct tree search
3157	Select move based on unexplored children or highest UCT value, otherwise pass.
3158	Randomly plays moves until both players pass.
3159	Filter out benchmarks not supported by both Pythons.
3160	Recursively expands benchmark names by replacing group names with their respective benchmarks.
3161	Returns a list of strings for benchmarking, each string is prefixed and suffixed with a hyphen and repeated `n` times.
3162	Initialize and generate test data for benchmarking regex performance by creating strings prefixed and suffixed with repeated characters. The function accepts an optional list of values for the length of the prefix/suffix (n_values). If not provided, it uses default values. It returns a list of tuples, each containing a regex and the corresponding test string. The results are cached based on the length of the prefix/suffix.
3163	Returns the domain of the B-Spline by extracting the knots at the specified indices.
3164	Fetches messages of a specified category from a channel, filtering by a start date and including user data.
3165	Parse posts and returns them in the order specified by the 'order' key.
3166	Fetch user data.
3167	A method that fetches entries from a RSS url and returns a generator of items.
3168	Fetch entries for a given category using the specified backend arguments and return a generator of items.
3169	Return RSS argument parser with required 'url' argument.
3170	A method that retrieves bugs from a Bugzilla repository, updated since a given date, and returns them as a generator.
3171	Get the information of a list of bugs.
3172	Retrieve comments for a list of bug identifiers.
3173	Get the history of the given bugs.
3174	Get the attachments of the given bugs.
3175	Retrieve issue notes from a GitLab client and append award emoji data to each note.
3176	Fetch merge requests from GitLab and enrich them with additional data.
3177	Get merge notes by retrieving group notes and processing each note to include award emoji data.
3178	Get merge versions by retrieving and processing version information from the client.
3179	Returns merge requests from pagination with optional filtering by update date.
3180	Abstraction for getting the full data of a merge request
3181	Returns the merge versions for a specified merge ID.
3182	Get merge version detail
3183	Get the notes from pagination.
3184	Returns a list of emojis for a specific item.
3185	Get emojis associated with a specific note.
3186	Calculate the seconds to reset the token requests by determining the difference between the current date and the next date when the token is fully regenerated.
3187	Fetch items from GitLab API using links pagination.
3188	Initializes rate limit information by fetching data from the API.
3189	Return argument parser for GitLab commands.
3190	A method that fetches messages from a channel since a specified date. Returns a generator of messages.
3191	Extracts the identifier from a Slack item by combining 'ts' and user information (or 'bot_id' if the message is sent by a bot).
3192	Fetches the number of members in a conversation, which includes handling pagination.
3193	Fetch information about a channel.
3194	Fetch user information based on the provided user ID.
3195	Return the Slack argument parser with required token and additional options for maximum items and channel identifier.
3196	Extracts and converts the update time from a Bugzilla item. The timestamp is extracted from the 'delta_ts' field and converted to UNIX timestamp format, ignoring the timezone.
3197	Parse a Bugzilla CSV bug list. The method parses the CSV file and returns an iterator of dictionaries, each containing the summary of a bug.
3198	Parse a Bugzilla bugs details XML stream and return a generator of parsed bugs.
3199	Parse Bugzilla bug activity HTML stream and extract information about activity events.
3200	Logout from the server by sending a logout command and closing the HTTP session.
3201	Get metadata information in XML format.
3202	Get a summary of bugs in CSV format.
3203	Get the information of a list of bugs in XML format.
3204	**Get the activity of a bug in HTML format.**
3205	Method for fetching events from the server based on the given category, date range, and whether to filter classified fields.
3206	Fetch and process events within a specified category and date range, including their comments and RSVPs.
3207	Fetch the events pages of a given group using the Meetup API. Handle pagination and exceptions for HTTP errors.
3208	Fetch the comments of a given event.
3209	Fetches the RSVPs for a given event in a specified group.
3210	Fetch an Askbot HTML question body and return a list of HTML page/s for the question.
3211	Returns a list of comments with the ids as hashes. question item with the question itself
3212	Build an Askbot HTML response by parsing question and answer information from HTML pages, including user information and comments.
3213	Retrieve a question page using the API.
3214	Retrieve a raw HTML question and all its information
3215	``` 
Retrieve a list of comments by a given post id using the specified URL and parameters. If the first URL fails due to a 404 error, it will switch to the old URL schema. If the second request fails due to a 500 error, it will return an empty list as raw data.

```
3216	Parse the question info container of a given HTML question.
3217	Parse the answers of a given HTML question, including user information and timestamps.
3218	Parse the number of answer pages to paginate over them from a raw HTML question element. Return the number of pages as an integer.
3219	Parses the user information from an HTML container element.
3220	**Fetch reviews by category and date. Returns a generator of items.**
3221	Parses a Gerrit reviews list.
3222	Fetches open and closed reviews from Gerrit 2.8 version, prioritizing newer reviews and iterating through them until no updates are found since a specified date.
3223	Return the Gerrit server version.
3224	Get the reviews starting from last_item.
3225	Return the item to start from in the next reviews group.
3226	Execute gerrit command
3227	Execute a Gerrit command against an archive.
3228	Execute gerrit command with retry if it fails
3229	Returns the Gerrit argument parser.
3230	Get data associated to an issue
3231	Get attachments of an issue.
3232	Returns generator of messages for an issue. issue_id ID of the issue.
3233	Returns activities on an issue for a given issue ID. Retrieves raw activity data, parses it as JSON, and fetches associated user data for each activity entry.
3234	Get data associated to an user.
3235	Get user data by URL.
3236	Get the issue data using its ID.
3237	Get a list of collections for a given issue
3238	Builds URL for a project based on whether it has a package or not.
3239	Return items from Launchpad API using pagination
3240	Fetch the groupsio paginated subscriptions for a given token. Returns an iterator of subscriptions.
3241	Find the id of a group given its name by iterating on the list of subscriptions.
3242	Fetch data from the GroupsIO API using a GET request.
3243	Returns the Groupsio argument parser with optional and required arguments.
3244	Generate a UUID based on the given parameters. The UUID will be the SHA1 of the concatenation of the values from the list, separated by ':'. Each value must be a non-empty string, otherwise, the function will raise a ValueError.
3245	Fetches items using a given backend class.
3246	Fetch items from an archive manager. Generator to retrieve items of a specific category from the manager, filtering by archived date.
3247	Find available backends under the given top package and its sub-packages, returning a tuple with two dictionaries: one for `Backend` classes and one for `BackendCommand` classes.
3248	Fetch items from the repository. Handles classification filtering and archiving.
3249	Fetch questions from an archive and yield items after processing with metadata. Raises `ArchiveError` if no archive instance is provided.
3250	Remove classified or confidential data from an item. It removes those fields that contain data considered as classified. Classified fields are defined in `CLASSIFIED_FIELDS` class attribute.
3251	Parse a list of arguments and return a `argparse.Namespace` object with the parsed values. Handle date conversions and alias mappings.
3252	Activates authentication arguments parsing
3253	Activate archive arguments parsing and add related arguments to the argument group.
3254	Activate output arguments parsing.
3255	Fetch and write items using the backend. If `fetch-archive` is given, retrieve items using the archive manager. Convert items to JSON objects and write them to the output file, handling exceptions for I/O errors and other errors.
3256	Initialize archive based on parsed parameters.
3257	A function that extracts the update time from a MBox item by parsing the 'Date' field and converting it to a UNIX timestamp.
3258	Parse a mbox file and return an iterator of email messages stored as dictionaries.
3259	Fetch and parse messages from a mailing list after filtering by date.
3260	Copy the contents of a mbox to a temporary file
3261	Check if the given message has the mandatory fields.
3262	Convert a message in CaseInsensitiveDict to dict, handling specific headers.
3263	Given a key, return a Message representation or raise a KeyError.
3264	Method that retrieves commits from a Git repository or log file, allowing filtering by date range, branches, and options to fetch only the latest items or without updating the repository. Returns a generator of commits.
3265	Fetch commits based on the specified category and date range, yielding each item one at a time.
3266	Parse a Git log file and return an iterator of dictionaries containing parsed commits.
3267	Initializes the repositories directory path based on the parsed arguments and sets it as an attribute of `self.parsed_args`.
3268	Return the Git argument parser for the specified backend.
3269	Parse the Git log stream and extract commit information.
3270	Clone a Git repository and return a `GitRepository` class with the cloned repository.
3271	Count the total number of objects (both packed and unpacked) in a Git repository. This method executes the `git count-objects -v` command to retrieve the object counts and parses the output to calculate the total number of objects. If there is an error during the process, it raises a `RepositoryError` with a descriptive message.
3272	Check if the repository is in a detached state.
3273	Update the repository from its remote using the 'fetch' command for 'heads' refs, overwriting local refs and removing any commits that are not present in the remote. Raises a RepositoryError if an error occurs during the update.
3274	Keep the repository in sync by fetching newest objects and updating references. Returns a list of hashes related to new commits.
3275	Reads the list of commits from the repository based on the specified branches. If no branches are specified, it fetches all commits. Returns a generator yielding the commit hashes in a specific order. Raises `EmptyRepositoryError` if the repository is empty and `RepositoryError` if an error occurs during execution.
3276	Method for reading the commit log from a Git repository with options to filter commits based on date and branch. Returns a generator of log lines.
3277	Show the data of a set of commits using the Git show command.
3278	Fetch changes from a remote repository and store them in a pack, returning the pack name and refs.
3279	Read and reverse the order of commits from a Git pack file.
3280	Updates references by removing old ones and adding new ones. It also prunes the repository to remove old branches.
3281	Retrieve and process local or remote git references.
3282	Update a reference by adding or deleting it, and log the action accordingly.
3283	Method for running a command with a non-blocking call and yielding the output as encoded bytes.
3284	Reads self.proc.stderr and updates self.failed_message if the subprocess is not successful.
3285	Run a command and return the output as encoded bytes.
3286	A method that fetches tweets from the TwitterSearch API based on specified parameters such as category, since_id, max_id, geocode, language, and tweets type. Returns a generator of tweets.
3287	Fetches tweets based on the specified category and parameters, returning a generator of items.
3288	This interface is used to fetch tweets based on a given query with optional filters such as date range, location, and language. It returns a generator of tweets.
3289	Return Twitter argument parser with various options for fetching tweets.
3290	A method that fetches data from Google API, retrieves a list of hits for given keywords, and returns a generator of data.
3291	Fetch Google hit items for a given category.
3292	Parse the hits returned by the Google Search API and return a JSON object with the fetched data.
3293	Method to fetch information about a list of keywords.
3294	Extracts the update time from a GitHub item and converts it to UNIX timestamp format. If the item has a 'forks_count' field, it returns the 'fetched_on' timestamp; otherwise, it converts the 'updated_at' timestamp to a UNIX timestamp.
3295	Extracts the category from a GitHub item based on its attributes.
3296	Fetch and process pull requests within a specified date range.
3297	Returns repo info including stars, watchers, and forks. raw_repo repo information fetched_on current timestamp of when the data was fetched
3298	Get issue reactions and append user data to each reaction.
3299	Get reactions on issue comments
3300	Get the issue assignees from the raw data.
3301	Get pull request requested reviewers
3302	Get pull request commit hashes
3303	Get pull review comment reactions
3304	Get user and org data for the login.
3305	Returns the reactions of a specific issue.
3306	The method retrieves issues from a GitHub repository updated since the given date.
3307	Fetch pull requests from a GitHub repository updated since a given date.
3308	Get repository data.
3309	Get pull requested reviewers.
3310	Retrieves the commits for a specified pull request.
3311	Get reactions of a review comment
3312	Get the user information and update the user cache
3313	Get the user's public organizations from GitHub.
3314	This interface is used to retrieve the remaining API points for a given token by making a request to the rate_limit endpoint.
3315	Return array of all tokens remaining API points
3316	Checks all API tokens and selects the one with the most remaining API points for use.
3317	Check if we need to switch GitHub API tokens based on the current rate limit and token usage.
3318	Update rate limits data for the current token by fetching from the "rate_limit" endpoint and handling 404 errors.
3319	Init metadata information for identifying where archived data came from and how it can be retrieved and built into Perceval items.
3320	Stores a raw item in this archive using a unique identifier generated from the provided parameters.
3321	Retrieves a raw item from the archive using the provided URI, payload, and headers. Returns the archived data corresponding to the hashcode derived from the given parameters.
3322	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
3323	Generate a SHA1 hash based on the given URI, payload, and headers
3324	Check whether the archive is valid or not. This method will verify if the required tables are created and if they contain valid data. It raises an error if the metadata table is corrupted or if the metadata is empty but entries are found.
3325	Load metadata from the archive file
3326	Fetch the number of rows in a table.
3327	Creates a new archive with a random SHA1 name, creates the subdirectory based on the first two bytes of the hashcode, creates the archive file with the remaining bytes and the specified storage extension, raises an error if an issue occurs during the creation process, and returns the new `Archive` object.
3328	Delete an archive from the filesystem.
3329	Search for archives based on given parameters such as origin, backend name, category, and archived date. Returns a sorted list of file paths to archives that match the search criteria.
3330	Search archives using filters.
3331	Retrieve the file paths stored under the base path by traversing the directory tree using `os.walk`.
3332	Check if a file is compressed and determine its type using magic numbers. Supported types are 'gz', 'bz2', and 'zip'. Returns the type if supported, otherwise returns `None`.
3333	Generate a months range from `from_date` to `to_date`
3334	Convert an email message into a dictionary.
3335	Remove control and invalid characters from an xml stream.
3336	Converts an XML stream into a dictionary. The attributes are stored as single elements while child nodes are stored into lists. The text node is stored using the special key '__text__'.
3337	Returns a list iterator of parsed issues from a JSON stream. :param raw_json: JSON string to parse :returns: a generator of parsed issues
3338	Retrieve information about a list of issues with optional parameters for date filtering, pagination, and limit.
3339	Get the information of the given issue.
3340	Get the information of the given user.
3341	Call to get a resource
3342	A method that fetches data from a Docker Hub repository. It retrieves the data including number of pulls, stars, description, etc., from the repository.
3343	Fetch Dockher Hub items based on the specified category.
3344	Fetches information about a repository by sending a request to the DockerHub API.
3345	Map custom fields by adding extra information to the issue fields.
3346	Filter custom fields from a given set of fields.
3347	Parse a JIRA API raw response to retrieve and yield issues.
3348	Retrieve all the items from a given date Iterate through the items and yield them
3349	Method for retrieving all the issues updated since a given date.
3350	Retrieve all the comments of a given issue.
3351	Retrieves all the fields available.
3352	A method to fetch builds from a Jenkins URL, retrieving updates since a given date. Returns a generator of builds.
3353	Retrieve all jobs
3354	Retrieve all builds from a job
3355	Returns a generator of questions(raw_page items from where to parse the questions)
3356	Retrieve all the questions updated since a given date from a specified API endpoint.
3357	Return StackExchange argument parser for the specified backend.
3358	Fetch the pages based on the specified category and backend arguments. Yields a generator of items.
3359	Get the maximum date in UNIX timestamp format from a list of reviews.
3360	Fetches wiki pages from a MediaWiki url for versions >=1.27, retrieves, and yields them along with their reviews.
3361	Retrieves all pages from a specified namespace, optionally continuing from a specific point.
3362	Retrieve recent pages from the specified namespaces, starting from the given continuation point.
3363	A method that fetches messages from the Telegram server, starting from a given offset and optionally filtering by chat identifiers. Returns a generator of messages. Raises a ValueError if `chats` is an empty list.
3364	Parse a Telegram JSON messages list and return an iterator of dictionaries containing Telegram messages.
3365	Given a Telegram message and a list of chat identifiers, return `True` if the message was sent to a chat in the list. If the list is `None`, return `True`.
3366	Fetch the messages that a bot can read.
3367	Function to fetch articles from a specified category with pagination support. It retrieves the articles using the provided offset and yields them one by one, logging the progress and handling potential parsing and network errors.
3368	NNTP metadata.
3369	Parse a NNTP article and return a dictionary.
3370	Fetch NNTP data from the server or from the archive depending on whether it is stored in the archive or not.
3371	Fetch article data based on the provided article_id.
3372	Method to fetch data from NNTP using the specified command and arguments.
3373	Fetch data from the archive
3374	Create a HTTP session with retry mechanism.
3375	Setup the rate limit handler
3376	Checks if the rate limit is exhausted and waits until it is reset, or raises a RateLimitError if sleep_for_rate is disabled.
3377	Updates the rate limit and the time to reset from the response headers. Sets the rate limit and logs it if the `rate_limit_header` is present in the response headers. Sets the rate limit reset timestamp and logs the time to reset if the `rate_limit_reset_header` is present in the response headers.
3378	Parse a Supybot IRC log file and returns an iterator of dictionaries containing messages from the file. Raises `ParseError` if the format is invalid or `OSError` if an error occurs reading the file.
3379	Retrieve Supybot archives after the given date, sorted by date.
3380	List the filepath of archives stored in dirpath.
3381	Parses a Supybot IRC stream, returning an iterator of dictionaries containing information about the date, type, nick, and body of each log entry.
3382	Parses the timestamp and message from a line using a regular expression and returns them as a tuple.
3383	Parse the Supybot message and extract relevant details.
3384	Fetch topics from a specified category, updated from a given date, and yield them as a generator.
3385	Parses a topics page stream to extract topic identifiers, last update dates, and pinned status.
3386	Retrieving a topic by its identifier.
3387	Retrieve the post with the specified `post_id` identifier.
3388	Fetch the tasks of a specified category from a backend, logging the progress and yielding each task.
3389	Parses a JSON stream and returns a list iterator.each item is a dictionary that contains the task parsed data.raw_json JSON string to parse
3390	Parse a JSON stream to extract user data.
3391	Retrieve tasks updated from a specified date.
3392	Retrieve tasks transactions.
3393	Retrieve users based on their identifiers.
3394	Retrieve data about PHIDs.
3395	Call a method using Phabricator Conduit API and raise ConduitError if an error is returned by the server.
3396	Extracts the identifier from a Confluence item by combining 'id' and 'version' values in the format '<content>#v<version>'.
3397	Returns a generator of parsed content summaries. JSON string to parse.
3398	Get the contents of a repository using pagination.
3399	Get the historical snapshot of a content for a specific version.
3400	Parses the result property to extract the value and unit of measure, then converts the value to a float and stores it in a Measurement object.
3401	Constructs a capabilities URL by appending necessary query parameters
3402	Get and parse a WFS capabilities document, returning an instance of WFSCapabilitiesInfoset.
3403	Deserialize and parse a WFS capabilities XML document into an instance of WFSCapabilitiesInfoset.
3404	Parses the result element of the observation type and sets it as a `MeasurementTimeseries` object.
3405	Helper function to build a WFS 3.0 URL.
3406	Get attribute elements
3407	Construct Fiona schema based on given elements and namespace map.
3408	Get url for DescribeFeatureType request
3409	Use `ComplexDataInput` with a reference to a document.
3410	Get the list of Movie genres.
3411	Get the list of TV genres.
3412	HTTP GET operation to fetch movies based on genre ID with optional parameters for pagination, language, and inclusion of all movies or adult titles.
3413	Get the basic movie information for a specific movie ID.
3414	Get the alternative titles for a specific movie id.
3415	Get the cast and crew information for a specific movie id.
3416	Get the external ids for a specific movie id
3417	Get the plot keywords for a specific movie id.
3418	### Example 2:
Get a list of recommended movies for a movie.
3419	Get release dates and certification for a specific movie ID.
3420	Get release date and certification information by country for a specific movie id.
3421	Get the translations for a specific movie id.
3422	Get the similar movies for a specific movie id.
3423	Retrieves reviews for a given movie ID.
3424	Get the changes for a specific movie id, grouped by key and ordered by date in descending order.
3425	Retrieves the list of upcoming movies, which updates daily and includes a maximum of 100 items. Supports optional parameters for page and language. Returns a dictionary representation of the API response.
3426	Get the list of movies playing in theatres. This list refreshes every day. The maximum number of items this list will include is 100.
3427	Get the list of popular movies on The Movie Database. This list refreshes every day.
3428	Get the list of top rated movies.
3429	Get account status for movie interactions.
3430	This method allows users to rate a movie, requiring either a valid session ID or a guest session ID. It takes a rating value as an argument and returns a dictionary representing the JSON response from the API.
3431	Get the movie credits for a specific person id.
3432	Get the TV credits for a specific person ID.
3433	Get detailed information about a particular credit record. Returns a dict representation of the JSON response from the API.
3434	Discover TV shows by filtering through various data like ratings, genres, network, and air dates.
3435	Get the system wide configuration info, returning a dict representation of the JSON response.
3436	Get the list of supported certifications for movies.
3437	Get the basic information for an account.
3438	Get the list of movies on an account watchlist.
3439	Generate a valid request token for user-based authentication. Returns a dict representation of the JSON response from the API.
3440	Authenticate a user with TMDb credentials and return a response.
3441	Generates a session ID for user-based authentication. Requires approval of a request token before use. Returns a JSON response dict.
3442	Generating a guest session ID.
3443	Get a list of rated movies for a specific guest session id.
3444	Check if a movie ID is in a list and return the API response as a dictionary.
3445	Call the given method to create a new list.
3446	Delete movies from a list that the user created. A valid session id is required.
3447	Clears all items from a list, requiring a session ID and confirmation.
3448	Get the content ratings for a TV Series. Returns a dict representation of the JSON response.
3449	Get similar TV series for a specific TV series ID.
3450	Get the list of TV shows that are currently on the air. This query looks for any TV show that has an episode with an air date in the next 7 days.
3451	Get the primary information about a TV season by its season number.
3452	Get the cast & crew credits for a TV season by season number.
3453	Get the external IDs stored for a TV season by season number.
3454	Get primary TV episode information by season and episode number.
3455	Get TV episode credits by season and episode number.
3456	Get the external IDs for a TV episode by combining a season and episode number.
3457	Set attributes of an object based on dictionary values.
3458	Search for movies by title.
3459	Search Crossref collections by name
3460	Search for TV shows by title.
3461	Search for people by name
3462	Search for companies by name.
3463	Search for keywords by name
3464	Search the movie, tv show and person collections with a single query.
3465	Normalize and tokenize a given text.
3466	Takes a list of reference sentences and returns an object containing the lengths of the references and the maximum counts of n-grams for the given n.
3467	Takes a reference sentence and returns an object used by BLEU for evaluation, along with a frozenset of n-grams for bleualign.
3468	Calculate the complementary error function for a given input.
3469	Create the sentence alignment of two texts, ensuring block boundaries are not crossed.
3470	Get descriptors in module.
3471	Registers descriptors from JSON descriptor objects.
3472	Register descriptors with optional version and ignore_3D flag. Descriptors can be instances, classes, modules, or iterables of descriptors. Version defaults to the current version and can be specified as a string. ignore_3D flag determines whether to ignore 3D descriptors.
3473	Output message to specified file with optional end mark.
3474	Checks if the provided object is a descriptor class, optionally ignoring abstract classes.
3475	Converts the object to a JSON-serializable dictionary, including nested arguments if present.
3476	Get 3D coordinate.
3477	Calculate atomic surface area, considering neighbors' influence.
3478	Calculate the total surface area of all atoms in a molecule.
3479	Construct SurfaceArea from rdkit Mol type.
3480	Creates a Descriptor instance from a JSON dictionary.
3481	Replace missing values in the dataset with a specified value.
3482	Delete missing values from the dataset.
3483	Returns an iterable of (Descriptor, value) pairs.
3484	Convert a Result object to a dictionary, with optional choices for raw key types.
3485	Access descriptor value by descriptor name or instance.
3486	For use as a decorator to log function calls, capturing the function name, arguments, and return value.
3487	Decorator to synchronize function
3488	show current progress message to stderr this function will remember the previous message so that next time it will clear the previous message before showing next one
3489	Clear screen then output the message with arguments.
3490	Handle runtime failures gracefully by showing concise information, optionally including exception details and stack traces. Clean up temporary files and terminate the program or raise an exception based on the context.
3491	Returns a temporary filename for atomic download
3492	Rename a temporary file atomically and remove it from the `TEMP_FILES` list.
3493	Clean up temp files
3494	Get the fixed part of the path without wildcard.
3495	List all legal parameters for a given API using boto3 service model.
3496	Combine existing parameters with extra options supplied from command line. Carefully merge special type of parameter if needed.
3497	Adds API parameters to an optparse parser.
3498	Terminate all threads by deleting the queue and forcing the child threads to quit.
3499	Utility function to add a single task into task queue.
3500	Utility function to wait for all tasks to complete and ensure threads terminate.
3501	Increase the processed task counter and show progress message.
3502	Retrieves S3 access keys from the environment, or None if not present.
3503	Retrieve S3 access keys from the command line; returns a tuple if both keys are present, otherwise returns None.
3504	Retrieves S3 access key settings from s3cmd's config file if present; otherwise, returns None.
3505	Initialize s3 access keys from environment variable or s3cfg config file.
3506	Connects to S3 storage, handling exceptions and using keys if available.
3507	Lists all S3 buckets
3508	Walk through a S3 directory and return a sorted list of files and directories.
3509	Walk through local directories from root basedir and return a list of file paths.
3510	Expands wildcards for an S3 path, emulating shell expansion for local paths. Handles recursion and checks if the source exists, failing if it doesn't and `ignore_empty_source` is not set.
3511	Upload a single file or a directory by adding a task into the queue.
3512	Uploads files to S3, handling multiple files and recursive copying.
3513	Create a new S3 bucket using the provided source URL.
3514	Apply privileges from metadata to target.
3515	Prints out the contents of a series of files from an S3 source.
3516	Download a single file or a directory by adding a task into queue.
3517	Download files. This function can handle multiple files if the source S3 URL has wildcard characters and can handle recursive mode by downloading all files and maintaining the directory structure. It operates using a thread pool for efficient file handling.
3518	Copy a single file or a directory by adding a task into queue.
3519	Copies files from a source to a target location, handling wildcards and recursive copying.
3520	Deletes files on S3.
3521	Generic version of directory walk that returns file list without base path for comparison.
3522	Synchronizes files from a source directory to a target directory. Handle both local and S3 URLs and can delete removed files.
3523	Calculate MD5 hash code for a local file
3524	Get or calculate MD5 value of the local file.
3525	Ensure all directories are created for a given target file.
3526	Check MD5 for a local file and a remote file. Return True if they have the same md5 hash, otherwise False.
3527	Partially match a path and a filter_path with wildcards and determine if they match using recursive mode.
3528	Recursively walk through S3 directories, filtering and processing based on the provided filter path.
3529	Check if a file item meets certain conditions and append it to a result list if it does.
3530	Retrieves the privilege level of a local file by converting the file's mode to octal and returning the last three digits. If an error occurs during the retrieval, raises a Failure exception with the source and error message.
3531	Get the S3 object with the provided S3 URL, returning `None` if it does not exist.
3532	Read a chunk of data from a local file.
3533	This method, `upload`, handles the uploading of a file to an S3 bucket. It supports both a single-threaded and multi-threaded upload process, depending on the input parameters. The method checks if the file already exists and whether a dry run or sync check should be performed. For single-threaded uploads, if the file size is smaller than a specified threshold, it uploads the file in a single operation. For larger files, it initiates a multipart upload, breaking the file into chunks and uploading them in parallel. The method ensures that the upload is completed successfully or aborted in case of any errors.
3534	Verify the file size of the downloaded file and compare it with the expected size from the object metadata. If they do not match, raise a `RetryFailure` exception.
3535	Write a local file chunk.
3536	Copy a single file from source to target using boto S3 library, with options for multipart upload and deletion of source file.
3537	Dispatch command handling based on provided arguments.
3538	Checks if input parameters are valid based on given format and handles wildcards for recursive mode.
3539	Pretty prints the result of s3walk by calculating maximum column widths and aligning them.
3540	Handle the 'ls' command to list buckets or files in S3.
3541	Handles the 'mb' command by creating an S3 bucket if a bucket name is provided. Raises an error if no bucket name is given.
3542	Handles the 'put' command by validating arguments and calling the `put_files` method to transfer files from the source to the target.
3543	Handles the 'get' command by validating the arguments and calling the s3handler's get_files method to copy files from source to target.
3544	Handle the 'cat' command by validating the arguments and printing files from the specified source using the S3 handler.
3545	Handle the 'dsync' command by setting options, validating arguments, and syncing files.
3546	Handler for the 'cp' command that validates the arguments, extracts the source and target paths, and then calls the `cp_files` method of the `s3handler` to copy files from the source to the target.
3547	Moves files from a source to a target location and deletes the source files.
3548	Deletes files from a specified source.
3549	Handler for size command
3550	Computes and displays the total size of files specified in the command arguments using an S3 handler.
3551	Search for date information in the string.
3552	Search for time information in the string
3553	Search for timedelta information in the string and return the corresponding datetime.timedelta object and the updated string.
3554	Parse a JSON string into a dictionary and handle invalid input.
3555	Discover gateways using multicast.
3556	Implement a method to start listening using a multicast socket in a separate thread.
3557	Get data from gateway
3558	Pushes data broadcasted from gateway to device after validating it. Converts data format based on protocol version and then calls relevant callbacks with the parsed data. Returns whether the operation was successful.
3559	Generate a key by encrypting a token using AES encryption with a specified initialization vector, and return the ciphertext in hexadecimal format.
3560	Accidentally deleted content, please provide the code to summarize.
3561	Pyramid entry point to configure Rollbar integration.
3562	Set up a default log handler if no log configuration exists.
3563	none of the above mentioned code handles request objects
3564	Stores configuration variables and initializes Rollbar settings.
3565	Decorator for making error handling on AWS Lambda easier
3566	Method for reporting messages to Rollbar with optional request context and additional data.
3567	Searches a project for items that match the input criteria, returning specified fields.
3568	Creates a `.rollbar` log file for use with the rollbar-agent, ensuring it used the correct file extension, sets up a logging handler with a specific formatter, and configures the logger to the WARNING level.
3569	Returns a dictionary describing the logged-in user using data from 'request'. It tries 'request.rollbar_person', then 'request.user', and finally 'request.user_id'. If the user is found, it extracts the required information (id, username, and email) and returns it as a dictionary. If no user is found or the required information is missing, it returns None.
3570	Attempts to add information from the lambda context if it exists and merges it with the given data.
3571	Method to build request data for a Rollbar payload, logging exceptions if building fails, and filtering IP data based on settings.
3572	Returns True if we should record local variables for the given frame.
3573	Build a dictionary containing data from the request. Uses different request objects based on the type of application.
3574	Builds a dictionary containing server environment information, including host, PID, and optional parameters from `sys.argv` and configuration settings.
3575	Returns the full payload as a string.
3576	This code initializes Rollbar for error tracking, sets up an Echo protocol, and runs a TCP server on port 8000.
3577	This function combines chosung, joongsung, and jongsung to form a Hangul character. If jongsung is not provided, it defaults to an empty string. It raises an exception if any of the inputs are not valid Hangul characters.
3578	This function decomposes a Hangul letter into its constituent components (cho, joong, jong) and returns them as three separate values.
3579	Check whether this letter contains Jongsung.
3580	Adds a josa to the end of a word if the last letter is Hangul. The josa is chosen based on whether the last letter has a Jong form or is in a list of exceptions.
3581	Returns true if node is inside the name of an except handler.
3582	Returns True if the given node is inside a lambda function.
3583	Recursively returns all atoms in nested lists and tuples.
3584	Checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable. Returns (True, args for W0623) if assignment clobbers an existing variable, (False, None) otherwise.
3585	Returns True if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function
3586	Returns True if the function does nothing but raising an exception
3587	Returns true if the given Name node is used in function or lambda default argument's value.
3588	Returns True if the node is used in a function decorator.
3589	Return True if `frame` is an astroid.Class node with `node` in the subtree of its bases attribute.
3590	return the higher parent which is not an AssignName, Tuple or List node
3591	decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method
3592	Given a format string, return an iterator of all the valid format fields, including those in nested sections.
3593	Returns the specified argument from a function call.
3594	Returns true if the given class node is a subclass of exceptions.Exception.
3595	Check if the given exception handler catches the given error_type.
3596	Returns True if the given function node is decorated with a property.
3597	Function to check if a function has a specific decorator.
3598	Returns the ExceptHandler or TryExcept node in which the given node is located.
3599	Checks if the given node is from a fallback import block.
3600	Get the collections of handlers handling the exception in arguments.
3601	Check if the node is in a TryExcept which handles the given exception. If the exception is not given, the function is going to look for bare excepts.
3602	Returns true if the given class node is abstract.
3603	Return the inferred value for the given node, or None if inference failed or there is ambiguity.
3604	Returns the inferred type for `node`. If there is more than one possible type, or if inferred type is Uninferable or None, return None.
3605	Check if the given function node is a singledispatch function.
3606	Return True if the postponed evaluation of annotations is enabled.
3607	Split the names of the given module into subparts. For example, `_qualified_names('pylint.checkers.ImportsChecker')` returns `['pylint', 'pylint.checkers', 'pylint.checkers.ImportsChecker']`.
3608	Extract the module name from the given import node, converting relative imports to absolute names when necessary.
3609	Returns a string that represents imports as a tree structure.
3610	Generates a dependencies graph and adds information about it to the report's section.
3611	This function `visit_import` is triggered when an import statement is seen in the code. It performs several checks on the import statement, including re-imports, import renaming, multiple imports, deprecated modules, preferred modules, and relative imports. It also records the imported module and checks if it is a valid import.
3612	Triggers actions when a from statement is encountered, including checking import renaming, placement, deprecation, preferred modules, wildcard imports, same-line imports, re-imports, and relative imports while recording the imported module and handling nested imports.
3613	Check `node` import or importfrom node position is correct. Send a message if `node` comes before another instruction.
3614	Record the package being imported and add it to the import stack.
3615	Checks and organizes the order of imports within a module, ensuring they are grouped by category: standard, third party, and local.
3616	Check for relative import and log a message if found.
3617	Notify an imported module to analyze dependencies, handling cases where the imported module is the same as the current context, and managing dependencies and import graphs accordingly.
3618	Check if the module is deprecated and add a message if it is.
3619	Check if the module has a preferred replacement, and add a message if so.
3620	Return a verbatim layout for displaying dependencies.
3621	Return a filtered dependency graph based on the specified internal flag.
3622	Read config file and return list of options
3623	Insert default options at the beginning of sys.argv.
3624	Check to see if the node should be treated based on its visibility.
3625	Retrieves and returns the callback methods for a given node from a handler.
3626	Launches a visit starting from the given node. Returns None if it has already been visited.
3627	Check the consistency of msgid. Ensure that the checker id and msg id follow a specific format and that there are no discrepancies.
3628	Visit a Call node and perform various checks based on the inferred function or class.
3629	Check that a datetime was inferred and emit a warning if it is a boolean.
3630	Check that the mode argument of an open or file call is valid.
3631	Manage messages of different types in the context of a path, storing them in a structured format.
3632	Launch the messages display in a specified layout.
3633	Get the title for objects by appending the module name if available.
3634	Set default options for comparison_levels
3635	Return true if builtins and not show_builtins.
3636	visit one class and add it to diagram
3637	Returns ancestor nodes of a class node at a specified level. Filters out nodes using `show_node` method.
3638	Returns associated nodes of a class node based on the given level.
3639	Recursively extracts related classes based on the given `klass_node`, considering ancestors and associated nodes up to the specified levels.
3640	return generated diagram definitions
3641	visit astroid.ImportFrom and catch modules for package diagram
3642	Return a class diagram definition for the given klass and its related klasses.
3643	Get the diagrams configuration data.
3644	Check if the given owner should be ignored based on its module and name.
3645	Given an owner and an attribute name, find similar names by comparing distances and returning a limited number of choices.
3646	Tells if the given request needs a maintenance response or not.
3647	Checks if the given node has a parent of the given type.
3648	Check if the given name is used as a variadic argument.
3649	Returns True if the given call node has variadic nodes without context. This function is a workaround for handling cases of nested call functions which don't have the specific call context at hand.
3650	Checks if the accessed attribute exists in the inferred nodes, and raises an error if it does not. Ignores certain patterns and types of nodes during the check.
3651	Check if assigning to a function call, ensure the function is valuable.
3652	A method to check that a given uninferable Call node does not call an actual function. It looks for properties in the left-hand side of the Attribute node and determines if they are callable. If a property or subclass of properties is found, it adds a message indicating that the function is not callable.
3653	Detect TypeErrors for unary operands.
3654	Return an iterator on interfaces implemented by the given class node
3655	return a Project from a list of files or modules
3656	visits an astroid.Package node and optionally tags it with a unique id, then recursively visits each subelement.
3657	visit an astroid.Function node, set the locals_type mapping, and optionally tag the node with a unique id
3658	Handles the assignment of a name in an ASTroid node, managing local types and avoiding double parsing.
3659	handler for an astroid.assignattr node that updates instance_attrs_type
3660	Visits an ASTroid.Import node to resolve module dependencies
3661	Visits an `astroid.ImportFrom` node to resolve module dependencies.
3662	Return true if the module should be added to dependencies
3663	Notify an imported module, used to analyze dependencies.
3664	Return ansi escape code corresponding to color and style
3665	Colors a message by wrapping it with ANSI escape codes, optionally specifying color and style.
3666	Register the reporter classes with the linter.
3667	Manage message of different types and in the context of path.
3668	launch layouts display
3669	Manage message of different types and colorize output using ANSI escape codes
3670	Open a vcg graph
3671	Draw a node with the given title and additional attributes.
3672	Draw an edge from a source node to a target node with optional attributes.
3673	Check new string formatting, specifically ensuring that format nodes have explicit strings on the left side, and that positional and keyword arguments match the format string.
3674	Check for bad escapes in a non-raw string and flag anomalous escape sequences.
3675	display a section as text
3676	Display an evaluation section as a text.
3677	display a table as text. get columns width. adjust cols width. display table.
3678	Format a table with specified column widths and content.
3679	Register old ID and symbol for a warning that was renamed.
3680	Register all messages from a checker.
3681	Registers a MessageDefinition with consistency checks and alternative names registration.
3682	Check that a symbol is not already used, and raise an error if it is.
3683	Raise an error when a symbol is duplicated.
3684	Raise an error when the same msgid is used for different symbols.
3685	Returns the MessageDefinition object for the given message id or symbol, searching through alternative names and message definitions. Raises an UnknownMessageError if the message is not found.
3686	Return a user-consumable representation of a message.
3687	Display help messages for the given message identifiers.
3688	List messages in ReST format
3689	Generates documentation for Pylint extensions in ReST format.
3690	Number of CPU cores.
3691	make messages type report
3692	Prepare sys.path for running the linter checks. Within this context, each of the given arguments is importable. Paths are added to sys.path in corresponding order to the arguments. We avoid adding duplicate directories to sys.path. `sys.path` is reset to its original value upon exiting this context.
3693	Load list of module names which are pylint plugins and load and register them
3694	Call the configuration hook for plugins. This iterates through the list of plugins, loads each module, and calls the "load_configuration" hook if it exists to allow plugins to configure specific settings.
3695	Overridden from config.OptionsProviderMixin to handle some special options. Handles options in self._options_methods and self._bw_options_methods, updates the reporter name, and processes checkers' options.
3696	Register a new checker and set up its reports, options, and messages.
3697	Disable all reporters by iterating through their IDs and disabling each one.
3698	Disable all other checkers and enable Python 3 warnings. If error mode is activated, enable only the errors from the Python 3 porting checker. If there is any disable option in the configuration file, set the global disable option accordingly. Finally, set the _python3_porting_mode flag to True.
3699	Return all available checkers as a list, including the current object and any additional checkers stored in the `_checkers` attribute.
3700	Get all the checker names that this linter knows about, excluding "master".
3701	Returns a list of checkers that are needed for activated messages and reports, sorted by priority.
3702	Retrieves and handles errors for a list of modules, returning the processed result.
3703	Sets the name of the currently analyzed module and initializes statistics for it.
3704	Check a module from its astroid representation.
3705	Makes a global evaluation report. Checks with at least one statement (usually zero when there is a syntax error preventing pylint from further processing). Retrieves a global note for the code. Calculates the global note using the provided evaluation configuration. Handles exceptions that may occur while rating the code. Updates the stats with the global note. Displays the evaluation message with the global note, previous run note (if available), and the score configuration.
3706	Handle the callback for printing help about a particular message and then exit.
3707	Print full documentation and exit
3708	optik callback for printing available messages
3709	List all the check groups that pylint knows about.
3710	Wraps the text on the specified line length with the given indentation.
3711	Return the module name and the frame ID in the module.
3712	return decoded line from encoding or decode with default encoding
3713	Determines if the basename is matched in a regex blacklist
3714	plugin registration function
3715	Returns a string as a comment by prepending a '#' to each line and ensuring they are separated by a newline character.
3716	Return the user input's value from a 'compiled' value
3717	format an options section using the INI format
3718	Format options using the INI format.
3719	Inserts a child node at the specified index and sets the parent of the child node to the current actor.
3720	Overridden to detect problems easily.
3721	Return the ancestor nodes
3722	Format and write the given layout into the stream object, handling unicode encoding as needed.
3723	Gets the content of a table without actually writing it, returning an aligned list of lists containing table cell values as strings.
3724	Trick to compute the formatting of children layout before actually writing it. Return an iterator on strings (one for each child element).
3725	Walk the AST and collect block level options line numbers
3726	Report an ignored message based on the state scope and other parameters.
3727	Registers a report with a unique identifier, title, callback method, and checker defining the report.
3728	Render registered reports
3729	Used by Flask to show information on the network
3730	Get the name of the property that the given node is a setter for.
3731	Get the property node for the given setter node.
3732	Checks if a return node returns a value other than None.
3733	Gets all of the possible raised exception types for the given raise node, ignoring caught exception types.
3734	inspect the source file to find messages activated or deactivated by id.
3735	Inspect source file for encoding problems
3736	Inspect the source code to identify and process fixme problems based on specified notes.
3737	Check if a name is a future import from another module
3738	Returns True if stmt is inside the else branch for a parent For stmt.
3739	This function retrieves the overridden method for a given class and method name, returning the method node if found.
3740	Return extra information for unpacking errors Adds context based on node and inferred information
3741	Determines if two nodes share a global scope based on their parent scopes and line numbers.
3742	Checks if name_node has a corresponding assign statement in the same scope.
3743	Mark the name as consumed and delete it from the to_consume dictionary
3744	Checks if names imported exist in the global scope and reports errors if they are not assigned, redefined, or undefined.
3745	Return True if the node is in a local class scope, as an assignment.
3746	Check if there is a node with the same name in the to-consume dict of an upper scope and if that scope is a function
3747	Check for unbalanced tuple unpacking and unpacking non-sequences.
3748	Update consumption analysis for metaclasses.
3749	List of subpackages for the given directory.
3750	```Setup.py entry point for installing pylint and its dependencies.
3751	```python
Run the installation process for additional directories.
```
3752	make a layout with some stats about duplication
3753	Standalone command line access point for similarity checks. Parses command line options and arguments to determine minimum line count and whether to ignore comments, docstrings, and imports. Then, it processes file contents for similarity analysis and exits.
3754	Append a file to search for similarities with specified encoding.
3755	compute similarities in appended files
3756	Display computed similarities on stdout.
3757	find similarities in the two given linesets
3758	Iterate on similarities among all files by making a cartesian product.
3759	Iterator on stripped lines, starting from a given index (default 0)
3760	Creates an index for a set using line numbers.
3761	Check if a definition signature is equivalent to a call
3762	Check if the attributes of two nodes are equal.
3763	Returns True if the default values of arguments in an overridden method differ from those in the original method. Compares default values, types, and values of arguments in both methods to determine if any differences exist. Returns False if no differences are found or if either method does not have arguments.
3764	Determine if the two methods have different parameters including positional, variadic, and keyword-only parameters, while ignoring special methods.
3765	Safely infers the return value of a function. Returns None if inference fails or if there's ambiguity (more than one node has been inferred). Otherwise, returns the inferred value.
3766	Sets the given node as accessed by appending it to the list of nodes with the same attrname in the corresponding scope.
3767	Initialize visit variable _accessed and perform various checks on the class definition node, including bases classes, __init__ method, slots, proper bases, and consistent MRO.
3768	Detects if a class has a consistent method resolution order (MRO) or duplicate bases, and adds appropriate messages if inconsistencies are found.
3769	Detects that a class inherits something which is not a class or a type.
3770	Check method arguments, overriding, and attribute shadowing in a function definition.
3771	Checks if a given function node is useless because it uses the super() builtin without adding any additional functionality compared to not implementing the method at all.
3772	On method node, check if it couldn't be a function, ignoring class, static, and abstract methods, initializers, and methods overridden from a parent class. Add "no-self-use" message if conditions are met.
3773	Check if an `AssignAttr` node is defined in the class slots and emit a warning if it is not.
3774	Check if the node name accesses a class member and register it if so. Also, update the `_meth_could_be_func` flag accordingly.
3775	Check that accessed members are defined, specifically focusing on class and instance attributes.
3776	Check a class node to ensure it implements abstract methods from its base classes.
3777	Check that the signature of two given methods matches.
3778	Check if astroid.Name corresponds to the first attribute variable name, which is `self` for method, `cls` for classmethod, and `mcs` for metaclass.
3779	Returns True if the given statement node raises an exception.
3780	Verify that the exception context is properly set.
3781	Check if the function uses the `super` keyword. If it does, ensure it is used correctly according to Python's rules for old-style and new-style classes.
3782	Display results encapsulated in the layout tree
3783	Returns true if the class node is a subclass of typing.NamedTuple
3784	Returns True if a class definition represents an Enum class. Checks if any of its bases is a subclass of enumerate from the enum module.
3785	Returns True if a class definition defines a Python 3.7+ dataclass.
3786	Initialize visit variables.
3787	Check the number of ancestors and instance attributes for a class and generate warnings if they exceed configurable limits.
3788	Check if a class has the correct number of public methods, both defined in the current class and its ancestors. If the class has more than the maximum allowed public methods, or fewer than the minimum allowed, raise a warning.
3789	increments the branches counter and checks boolean expressions
3790	Counts the number of boolean expressions in an "if" node's test and raises a message if the count exceeds a configured limit.
3791	Check if the node has any spelling errors in its docstring.
3792	Formats the message according to the given template. The template format is the one of the format method as described in the Python documentation.
3793	Returns true if the given token is a comma which trails an expression.
3794	Check if the given node is an actual elif
3795	Check if the given if node can be simplified to a boolean expression.
3796	Checks if a generator yields a StopIteration exception and reports it if so.
3797	Return True if the exception node in argument inherits from StopIteration.
3798	Check if a StopIteration exception is raised by a call to the `next` function, and add a message if it is, unless a default value is provided.
3799	Update and check the number of nested blocks inside functions or methods, maintaining a stack of nested blocks and sending messages when entering and leaving nested blocks.
3800	Get the duplicated types from the underlying isinstance calls. Returns a dictionary of the comparison objects from the isinstance calls, to duplicate values from consecutive calls.
3801	Checks for `isinstance` calls that can be merged together and adds a message if any are found.
3802	A function that checks for chained comparison in an expression, such as a < b and b < c, and adds a refactoring message if it finds a shared operand in the lower and upper bounds of the comparisons.
3803	Test if the given node is 'condition and true_value or false_value' form. All of: condition, true_value and false_value should not be a complex boolean expression.
3804	Check that all return statements inside a function are consistent. Return statements are consistent if:
- all returns are explicit and if there is no implicit return;
- all returns are empty and if there is, possibly, an implicit return.
3805	Check if the given AST node ends with an explicit return statement, considering various control flow structures and exceptional cases.
3806	Visits a node and emits a convention whenever `range` and `len` are used for indexing. It checks if the `range` call is proper and if the object used in the body of the for loop is the same as the one iterated using `range`. If both conditions are met, it suggests using `enumerate`.
3807	Check if graphviz is available for a given output format and print an error message and exit if it's not installed.
3808	This method checks if project arguments are provided, inserts the current working directory into the Python path, creates a project instance, sets up a linker and handler, retrieves dia defs, and then writes them in either VCG or Dot format based on the specified output format.
3809	Write a package diagram.
3810	Write a class diagram by emitting nodes and edges for objects, inheritance, implementation, and association relationships.
3811	initialize DotWriter and add options for layout.
3812	Initialize VCGWriter for a UML graph.
3813	Return True if message may be emitted using the current interpreter.
3814	returns the help string for the given message id
3815	Add current sys.path to PYTHONPATH.
3816	Lints a given file using Pylint, ensuring the output filenames are correctly formatted for Emacs.
3817	Run pylint from Python, with options for command-line arguments and handling of standard output and error.
3818	A recursive function to find all cycles in a graph.
3819	Return the source code, generating it if necessary.
3820	Generates a graph file using the specified parameters and returns the path to the generated file.
3821	Output a formatted options section in ReST style to the given stream.
3822	If the msgid is a numeric one, then register it to inform the user it could furnish instead a symbolic msgid.
3823	Disabling a message by ID with optional scope and line, and handling unknown IDs.
3824	Reenable a message of the given ID and register it as managed.
3825	Return the original message id if the message does not exist.
3826	### Example 2:
Function to check if a message associated with a given message description is enabled.
3827	Adds a message given by ID or name, expanding the message string with provided arguments if necessary. Requires the node argument for AST checkers and the line argument for raw and token checkers.
3828	Output:
Generates full documentation in ReST format for Pylint options and checkers.
3829	Generate a detailed documentation for a checker.
3830	Return the length of the indentation on the given line.
3831	Return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists, and a delta message for the bad position.
3832	Returns an indentation string for hanging indentation, consisting of the line-indent plus a number of spaces to fill up to the column of this token.
3833	Record the first non-junk token at the start of a line and determine if it is a block opener.
3834	Returns the valid offsets for the token at the given position, considering the stack and specific token conditions.
3835	Extracts indentation information for a hanging indent after a bracket, handling different cases such as block openers and dictionary values.
3836	Extracts indentation information for a continued indent.
3837	Pushes a new token for continued indentation on the stack, handling specific tokens and their positions.
3838	Process a new line encountered during parsing, checking for unnecessary semicolons and updating line information.
3839	Checks that there are no unnecessary parentheses after a keyword. Specifically, it ensures that there is exactly one balanced outer pair of parentheses on the same line, followed by a colon, and that the parentheses do not contain any commas (i.e., are not used for a tuple). If these conditions are met, no message is issued. If not, a "superfluous-parens" message is added for keywords like "not", "return", "yield", and others that do not typically require parentheses after them.
3840	Returns True if a valid type annotation is present within parentheses, False otherwise.
3841	Checks the spacing of a single equals sign based on the context of type annotations and brackets.
3842	Check that a binary operator is surrounded by exactly one space.
3843	Check the node line number and process it if not yet done.
3844	Check for lines containing multiple statements.
3845	Check if the lines have less than the maximum number of characters and ensure proper formatting.
3846	Return the indent level of the string
3847	Returns True if the node is being used as an iterator.
3848	Checks if an import node is within a conditional context
3849	Detect when a "bad" built-in is referenced and issue a warning or message accordingly.
3850	Look for indexing exceptions in subscript operations.
3851	Identify and handle removed attributes, particularly "xreadlines", and check for exceptions with undefined message attributes.
3852	Check for exception unpacking and potential leaking of exception variable names within the scope of an except block.
3853	Visit a raise statement and check for raising strings or old-raise-syntax.
3854	Search for the pylint rc file in the current directory, then in parent directories, in the environment variable, and finally in the home directory or system-wide location. Return the absolute path if found, or None if not found.
3855	Validate the input value for an option according to its specified type, using an optional `name` for error message formatting.
3856	Patches OptionParser.expand_default to avoid overriding values from the configuration file.
3857	Disables abbreviations and validates the long option.
3858	Register an options provider with the given priority and ensure it is inserted in the correct position based on its priority. If the provider has non-group specified options and `own_group` is set to True, add an option group for the provider. Otherwise, add individual options for the provider. Additionally, handle option groups for the provider.
3859	Sets a provider option based on the input.
3860	Set option on the correct option provider
3861	write a configuration file according to the current configuration into the given stream or stdout
3862	Dispatch values from a configuration file to each options provider.
3863	Overrides configuration based on command line parameters. Returns additional arguments.
3864	add a dummy option section for help purpose
3865	return the usage string for available options
3866	Initialize the provider using default values by iterating through options and setting non-callback actions to their default values.
3867	Returns the configuration attribute corresponding to the given option, using the provided option dictionary if available, or defaulting to a modified version of the option name if not.
3868	Return the dictionary defining an option given its name
3869	Group options by their section and return an iterator of sections and their corresponding options.
3870	Determines if a BoundMethod node represents a method call for the given type and method names, checking against optional restrictions.
3871	Returns True if a node represents a string with complex formatting specs. A complex formatting spec is one that contains any format specifiers.
3872	Clears the state of the checker and processes the imports to store the actual names of the logging modules.
3873	Checks if a module uses a non-Python logging module.
3874	Checks if the module uses Python's built-in logging.
3875	Checks calls to logging methods.
3876	Checks that format string tokens match the supplied arguments.
3877	Returns True if a given node is inside a loop (specifically a for-loop, list comprehension, set comprehension, dictionary comprehension, or generator expression).
3878	Returns the loop node that holds the break node in arguments.
3879	Check if a loop node defined in an AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) has a break statement that can exit the loop prematurely.
3880	Returns a tuple of property classes and names from the given configuration.
3881	Determine the name type whose regex the a function's name should match.
3882	Report the percentage of different types documented and/or with a bad name.
3883	Returns True if the object is a method redefined via decorator. For example: @property def x(self): return self._x @x.setter def x(self, value): self._x = value
3884	Is this a call with exactly 1 argument, where that argument is positional?
3885	Check that a Starred expression is used in an assignment target.
3886	Check that a name is both nonlocal and global.
3887	Check instantiating abstract class with abc.ABCMeta as metaclass.
3888	Checks that any loop with an else clause has a break statement.
3889	Check if a node is inside a loop.
3890	Initialize visit variables and statistics
3891	Check for various kinds of statements without effect.
3892	Check if a lambda function is suspicious based on its body and arguments.
3893	Checks if an assert statement is used on a tuple and adds a message if true.
3894	Checks for duplicate keys in a dictionary node.
3895	Checks if the given node has unreachable code and adds a message if so.
3896	Checks if a node is within a finally clause of a try...finally statement, skipping the check if a parent of a certain type is encountered.
3897	Checks if the argument to `reversed` is a proper sequence
3898	Check assigned names in various contexts such as modules, functions, and classes.
3899	Check if a name is valid based on a regular expression. If it's not valid, raise a warning or flag it as bad.
3900	Check if a node has a non-empty docstring.
3901	Check if the comparison is made with a literal, which is usually not desirable.
3902	Create the subgraphs representing any `if` and `for` statements within a given node.
3903	Parse the body and any `else` block of `if` and `for` statements, and connect them to a bottom node.
3904	Visit an ASTroid module node to check its complexity and add a message if it exceeds the specified maximum complexity.
3905	Adds a checker to the visit and leave methods.
3906	call visit and leave events for the given node, recurse on its children.
3907	This interface is used to create a relationship between two objects with a specified type and name.
3908	return a relation ship or None
3909	Return visible attributes of a node, possibly with class name.
3910	Return visible methods
3911	Create a diagram object with a title and node, ensuring the node is unique.
3912	Return class names if needed in diagram.
3913	Returns all class nodes in the diagram
3914	Return a class by its name, raise KeyError if not found.
3915	Returns all module nodes in the diagram.
3916	Returns a module by its name, raising a KeyError if not found.
3917	Return a module by its name, considering relative imports; raise KeyError if not found.
3918	Add dependencies created by from-imports to the module object.
3919	Removes itself from the cache.
3920	Determines which method of getting the query object for use.
3921	Return the User object if the username and password match, otherwise return None
3922	Returns a Token object with the given access token or refresh token.
3923	Creates a Token object and removes all expired tokens that belong to the user.
3924	Creates a Grant object with the given parameters and adds it to the session.
3925	Get the Grant object with the given client ID and code
3926	Return the request parameters with correct method, headers, and data by handling GET and POST methods and adding data to URI if necessary
3927	Initialize the Flask app with an instance of OAuth.
3928	Registers a new remote application with optional registration.
3929	Sends a request to the remote server with OAuth tokens attached. Allows specifying various parameters such as data, headers, format, method, content type, and token. Supports both GET and POST requests and handles both OAuth 1 and OAuth 2 authentication. Returns an OAuthResponse object containing the response from the server.
3930	Returns a redirect response to the remote authorization URL with the signed callback given.
3931	Method to handle an OAuth1 authorization response.
3932	Handles an OAuth2 authorization response.
3933	Method to handle authorization response smartly.
3934	Handles an OAuth callback and logs a deprecation warning.
3935	Creates a hashable object for a given token, which can be used as a dictionary key. Handles dictionary and tuple types accordingly.
3936	Uses cached client or creates new one with specific token.
3937	Creates a client with specific access token pair.
3938	Creates a context to enable the oauthlib environment variable for debugging with insecure transport, ensuring it is restored when done, unless the app is not in debug or testing mode.
3939	When the consumer confirms the authorization request, the system extracts the necessary parameters, retrieves realms and credentials from the server, and then creates an authorization response. If any OAuth1 or InvalidClient errors occur, it redirects to an error URI. If successful, it logs the authorization and returns the created response.
3940	```plaintext
Decorator for handling token requests. The decorated function should return extra credentials for creating the token response, or None if no extra credentials are needed.
```
3941	Get client secret
3942	Return request token secret for a given client key and token.
3943	Return access token secret.
3944	Get realms for the client.
3945	Return realms for the given request token.
3946	Get redirect uri for the given request token.
3947	Retrieves a previously stored client provided RSA key.
3948	Validates that the supplied client key is valid by checking if a client is associated with it. If no client is found, it attempts to retrieve one using the provided client key. If a client is successfully retrieved, the validation passes; otherwise, it fails.
3949	Validates request token is available for client.
3950	Validates access token is available for client.
3951	Verifies the timestamp and nonce have not been used before.
3952	Validate if the redirect_uri is allowed by the client.
3953	Check if the token has permission to access the specified realms.
3954	Verifies if the given verifier exists and sets the user attribute in the request if valid.
3955	Verifies if the request token exists and sets it in the request object if it does.
3956	Verifies if the realms match the requested realms.
3957	Save access token to database.
3958	Save request token to database.
3959	Save verifier to database.
3960	Get the error page URI.
3961	**Summary:** Handles the confirmation of an authorization request, validates the credentials, processes the response using the OAuth2 server, and handles various exceptions like fatal client errors, OAuth2 errors, and general exceptions.
3962	Verify the current request and retrieve the OAuth data. If the ``require_oauth`` decorator cannot be used, the data can be fetched from the request body.
3963	Return client credentials based on the current request.
3964	Determines if client authentication is required for the current request based on the rfc6749 specifications for specific grant types and client types.
3965	Authenticates itself in other means as described in Section 3.2.1.
3966	Authenticate a non-confidential client.
3967	Get the list of scopes associated with the refresh token.
3968	Ensures the requested scope matches the scope originally granted by the resource owner. If the scope is omitted, it is treated as equal to the scope originally granted. This method is deprecated in OAuthlib>0.4.2 and is replaced by the ``get_original_scopes`` validator method.
3969	Get the default redirect_uri for the given client.
3970	```python
# Set the client for the request and retrieve the default scopes for that client, then log them.
```
3971	Invalidate an authorization code after use.
3972	Persist the authorization code and log the action.
3973	Persist the Bearer token.
3974	Validates access token by checking its availability, expiration, and scopes.
3975	Ensure client_id belongs to a valid and active client.
3976	Ensures the grant code is valid.
3977	Ensures the client is authorized to use the requested grant type, allowing default and client-specific grant types.
3978	Ensures the refresh token is valid and belongs to the client, updating the request object with user and client_id if valid.
3979	Ensure client is authorized to use the response type requested.
3980	Ensure the client is authorized access to requested scopes.
3981	Ensure the username and password is valid Attach user object on request for later using
3982	Revoke an access or refresh token.
3983	Update the parameters for OAuth2.0 API calls with default values from the session and additional data provided.
3984	Recursively converts dictionary keys to strings.
3985	Modifies the 'Authorization' header in the provided headers by replacing 'Bearer' with 'OAuth2', specifically for Weibo's non-standard server.
3986	Creates a remote app and registers it using the provided OAuth credentials and optional name.
3987	It creates a remote app using the provided OAuth object and keyword arguments, with default values for certain parameters.
3988	Extract request parameters from the given request object, including URI, HTTP method, body, and headers.
3989	Ensure text is in bytes type.
3990	Decode base64 string.
3991	Create a response class for Flask with specified headers, body, and status code.
3992	Get the cached clients dictionary in the current context.
3993	Adds remote application and applies custom attributes on it.
3994	Creates and adds a new remote application with the specified name and version. If no version is specified, it defaults to '2' if 'request_token_url' is in kwargs, otherwise it defaults to '1'. Raises a ValueError if the version is unknown.
3995	Calls the method repeatedly to raise an exception.
3996	Call the method repeatedly to generate a PKey object.
3997	Call the function with an encrypted PEM and a passphrase callback.
3998	Calls the function with an encrypted PEM and a passphrase callback which returns the wrong passphrase.
3999	Calls the load_privatekey function with an encrypted PEM file and a passphrase callback that returns a non-string value, and catches the ValueError exception.
4000	Create a CRL object with 100 Revoked objects, then repeatedly call the get_revoked method.
4001	Creates multiple copies of an empty Revoked object, manually frees each copy to prevent memory leaks.
4002	Create a certificate request using the provided key and subject details. The request is signed using the specified digest method and returned as an X509Req object.
4003	Generates a certificate from a certificate request, issuer certificate, and private key by setting various attributes such as serial number, validity period, issuer and subject information, and signing the certificate with the issuer's private key using the specified digest method.
4004	Decorator to ensure functions raise NotImplementedError if a required cryptography flag is false.
4005	Parses a JSON document and returns a Python dictionary in a reversed order.
4006	Set the passphrase callback function to be used when a private key with a passphrase is loaded.
4007	Load a certificate chain from a file.
4008	Load a certificate from a file.
4009	Load and use an X509 certificate for SSL context.
4010	Add certificate to chain
4011	Loads a private key from a file.
4012	Loads a private key from a PKey object and assigns it to the OpenSSL context. Raises a TypeError if the input is not a PKey instance and raises an exception if the private key cannot be used.
4013	Load the trusted certificates that will be sent to the client. Does not actually imply any of the certificates are trusted; that must be configured separately.
4014	Sets the maximum depth for certificate chain verification allowed for the Context object.
4015	Load parameters for Ephemeral Diffie-Hellman
4016	Set the list of ciphers to be used in this context. Raises an error if an invalid cipher string is passed.
4017	Sets the list of preferred client certificate signers for the server context, sending this list to the client when the server requests a client certificate.
4018	Add a certificate authority to the list of preferred signers for the SSL context.
4019	Specify a callback function to be called when clients specify a server name.
4020	Enable support for negotiating SRTP keying material using a colon-delimited list of protection profile names.
4021	Specify a callback function for Next Protocol Negotiation options.
4022	Specify the protocols that the client is prepared to speak after the TLS connection has been negotiated using Application Layer Protocol Negotiation.
4023	Sets a callback function for ALPN protocol selection on the server side.
4024	Sets the OCSP callback for SSL context.
4025	Set a callback to provide OCSP data for TLS handshake stapling on the server side.
4026	Set a callback to validate OCSP data stapled to the TLS handshake on the client side.
4027	Switch this connection to a new session context.
4028	Retrieves the servername extension value from the client hello message if provided, or returns :data:`None` if not.

:return: A byte string giving the server name or :data:`None`.
4029	Sets the servername extension value to send in the client hello. Raises a TypeError if the name is not a byte string or contains a NUL byte.
4030	Receives data on the connection. The maximum number of bytes to read is specified by `bufsiz`. An optional `flags` parameter can be used, with the only supported flag being `'MSG_PEEK'`. The function returns the string read from the connection.
4031	Receives data on the connection and copies it directly into the provided buffer, returning the number of bytes read.
4032	Reads bytes from the write end of a memory BIO associated with the connection, with a specified maximum number of bytes to read. Raises a TypeError if the Connection sock is not None or if bufsiz is not an integer. Handles BIO errors if the read results in a non-positive value. Returns the string read from the buffer.
4033	Renegotiate the session.
4034	Send the shutdown message to the Connection and check if it completed successfully.
4035	Retrieve the list of ciphers used by the Connection object.
4036	Returns the list of certificate authorities suggested for client authentication based on the connection type.
4037	Sets the shutdown state of the Connection using a bitvector.
4038	Retrieves the random value used with the server hello message. Returns a string representing the state.
4039	Retrieve the random value used with the client hello message.
4040	Retrieves the master key for the current session and returns it as a string. If no session is found, returns `None`.
4041	Obtain keying material for application use. The parameters include a label string, the desired length of key material, and an optional context. The function returns the exported key material bytes or None.
4042	Returns the SSL session currently used if it exists.
4043	Obtain the name of the currently used cipher. Returns `None` if no connection has been established.
4044	This interface is used to obtain the number of secret bits of the currently used cipher.
4045	Obtains the protocol version of the currently used cipher. Returns the protocol name as a string or :obj:`None` if no connection has been established.
4046	Retrieves the TLS version of the current connection.
4047	Get the protocol that was negotiated by NPN. Returns a bytestring of the protocol name. If no protocol has been negotiated yet, returns an empty string.
4048	Sets the client's ALPN protocol list and offers them to the server during protocol negotiation.
4049	Returns the protocol that was negotiated by ALPN. If no protocol has been negotiated yet, returns an empty string.
4050	Allocate and return a new OpenSSL memory BIO, optionally with initial data, and manage its lifecycle with garbage collection.
4051	Copies the contents of an OpenSSL BIO object into a Python byte string.
4052	Sets the time value of an ASN1 time object using a string representation.
###
4053	Retrieve the time value of an ASN1 time object in bytes if it contains a time value, otherwise return None.
4054	Return a single curve object selected by name. Raise ValueError if the named curve is not supported.
4055	Dump a public key to a buffer in the specified file type (PEM or ASN1).
4056	Load a public key from a buffer and return the PKey object.
4057	Sign a data string using the given key and message digest.
4058	Verify the signature for a data string using a provided certificate and digest method.
4059	Dump a certificate revocation list to a buffer in the specified file type.
4060	Export the key as a ``cryptography`` key.
4061	Generates a key pair of a given type with a specified number of bits.
4062	Check the consistency of an RSA private key and raise an error if it is inconsistent or of an unsupported type. Return ``True`` if the key is consistent.
4063	Get the names of the elliptic curves supported by OpenSSL.
4064	Get, cache, and return the curves supported by OpenSSL.
4065	Create a new OpenSSL EC_KEY structure initialized to use this curve. The structure is automatically garbage collected when the Python object is garbage collected.
4066	Return the DER encoding of this name.
4067	Returns the components of this name, as a sequence of 2-tuples. Each tuple contains a name and its corresponding value.
4068	Returns the short type name of this X.509 extension as a byte string.
4069	Returns the data of the X509 extension, encoded as ASN.1.
4070	Export as a ``cryptography`` certificate signing request.
4071	Set the public key of the certificate signing request.
4072	This method retrieves the public key from a certificate signing request and returns it as a `PKey` object.
4073	Returns the subject of this certificate signing request.
4074	Adds X.509 extensions to a certificate signing request.
4075	Returns the X.509 extensions in the certificate signing request.
4076	Verifies the signature on this certificate signing request using the provided public key. Returns `True` if the signature is correct, otherwise raises an `OpenSSL.crypto.Error`.
4077	Converts the current object to a ``cryptography`` certificate.
4078	Sets the version number of the certificate, ensuring it is an integer.
4079	Get the public key of the certificate. :rtype: :py:class:`PKey`
4080	Set the public key of the certificate.
4081	Sign the certificate with a key and digest type.
4082	Returns the signature algorithm used in the certificate as bytes. Raises a ValueError if the signature algorithm is undefined.
4083	Return the digest of the X509 object using the specified digest algorithm.
4084	Set the serial number of a certificate by converting it to a hexadecimal string and then to a BIGNUM, which is used to set the serial number in the certificate.
4085	Return the serial number of this certificate.
4086	Adjusts the certificate's notAfter timestamp by a specified number of seconds.
4087	Adjusts the timestamp on which the certificate starts being valid by a specified number of seconds.
4088	Check whether the certificate has expired.
4089	This method returns the issuer of an X.509 certificate by creating and returning a new :class:`X509Name` object that wraps the underlying issuer name field on the certificate. Modifying the returned :class:`X509Name` object will also modify the underlying certificate and any other :class:`X509Name` objects that reference this issuer.
4090	Set the issuer of this certificate.
4091	Return the subject of this certificate.
4092	Set the subject of the certificate using the provided :py:class:`X509Name` object.
4093	Adds extensions to a certificate, ensuring each is an instance of `X509Extension` and handles errors appropriately.
4094	Get a specific extension by index
4095	Adds a trusted certificate to the store and handles potential errors
4096	Adds a certificate revocation list to the store. Returns `None` if successful.
4097	Sets the verification time for certificates in the store.
4098	Set up the store context for subsequent verification operation. Calling this method more than once without cleanup can lead to memory leaks.
4099	Convert an OpenSSL native context error failure into a Python exception.
4100	Verify a certificate in a context, raising `X509StoreContextError` if validation fails.
4101	Sets the serial number of an object using a hexadecimal string.
4102	Get the serial number formatted as a hexadecimal number encoded in ASCII.
4103	Set the reason for a certificate revocation. If `reason` is `None`, delete the reason. Add a new reason extension to the certificate revocation.
4104	Retrieves the reason for a certificate revocation, returning the reason as bytes or None if there is no reason. Uses OpenSSL library functions to extract and print the revocation reason.
4105	Set the revocation timestamp. :param bytes when: The timestamp of the revocation, as ASN.1 TIME. :return: None
4106	Export as a ``cryptography`` CRL.
4107	Returns the revocations in this certificate revocation list. These revocations will be provided by value, not by reference. That means it's okay to mutate them: it won't affect this CRL.
4108	Get the CRL's issuer.
4109	Signs the CRL using the specified issuer certificate, issuer key, and digest method. This method sets the issuer's name based on the provided certificate and key and verifies the signing process.
4110	Export the CRL as a string.
4111	Returns the type name of the PKCS7 structure.
4112	Replaces or sets the CA certificates within the PKCS12 object.
4113	Dump a PKCS12 object as a string using the provided passphrase, encryption iterations, and MAC iterations.
4114	Sign the certificate request with this key and digest type.
4115	Verifies a signature on a certificate request.
4116	Generate a base64 encoded representation of this SPKI object.Returns the base64 encoded string as bytes.
4117	Get the public key of this certificate.
4118	Set the public key of the certificate.
4119	Convert an OpenSSL library failure into a Python exception. When a call to the native OpenSSL library fails, this is usually signaled by the return value, and an error code is stored in an error queue associated with the current thread. The err library provides functions to obtain these error codes and textual error messages.
4120	Convert a text string to bytes and issue a warning.
4121	internal helper to provide color names
4122	Return extra config options to be passed to the TrelloIssue class
4123	Iterates through boards, lists, and cards, retrieves and yields issues with annotations.
4124	Build taskwarrior annotations from comments in a card
4125	Method to retrieve the list of boards from Trello based on the user's configuration.
4126	Returns a list of filtered Trello lists for a given board based on the configuration values of `include_lists` and `exclude_lists`.
4127	Returns an iterator for cards in a specified list, filtered based on configuration settings for assigned and unassigned members.
4128	Returns an iterator for the comments on a certain card.
4129	Build the full URL to the API endpoint using the provided path and context.
4130	Returns paginated JSON results for a given URL.
4131	Parse a GitHub Link header field into a dictionary.
4132	Retrieve all issues matching a GitHub query
4133	Return all pull requests for a given tag.
4134	Aggregates issues from multiple targets using multiprocessing to avoid race conditions.
4135	Return a main config value, or default if it does not exist.
4136	Get defined templates for configuration values.
4137	Validate generic options for a specific target in the config. Warns if certain options are incorrectly named.
4138	Return true if the issue should be included based on the configuration settings.
4139	Returns a string representation of a RST-compatible table
4140	Retrieves a password by executing a given command and reads the output.
4141	Accepts both integers and empty values, returning `None` for empty values and raising a `ValueError` for non-integer, non-empty values.
4142	Pull down tasks from forges and add them to your taskwarrior tasks. Relies on configuration in bugwarriorrc.
4143	Perform a request to a fully qualified URL and return the JSON response.
4144	Pages through an object collection from the bitbucket API, returning an iterator that lazily goes through all the 'values' of all the pages in the collection.
4145	For a given issue and set of unique identifiers, find its local UUID by matching it with task IDs in TaskWarrior.
4146	Merge array field from the remote_issue into local_task, preserving local entries and appending remote entries if not present. Optionally compare using hamming distance for annotation entries.
4147	Builds a dictionary of configuration overrides representing the UDAs defined by given targets.
4148	Parse a JIRA sprint string and return a dictionary.
4149	Gets valid user credentials from storage. If nothing has been stored, or if the stored credentials are invalid, the OAuth2 flow is completed to obtain the new credentials. Returns the obtained credential.
4150	Calculate and return ROUGE-N scores for multiple hypothesis-reference pairs, efficiently handling repetitive sequences.
4151	Calculate p-values for categories in a gene set graph.
4152	Benjamini-Hochberg False Discovery Rate correction method.
4153	Applies the z-score normalization to a given 2D DataFrame across specified axis.
4154	Visualize the dataframe as a heatmap with optional z-score normalization, customizable figure size, and colormap.
4155	Remove unused spines from a plot.
4156	Return ArgumentParser object with subcommands for Gene Set Enrichment Analysis in Python.
4157	Add function 'prerank' argument parsers, including input files, output arguments, and GSEA advanced arguments.
4158	Add command-line argument parsers for the 'plot' function to handle the 'replot' subcommand.
4159	Adds argument parsers for the 'enrichr' function to perform gene set enrichment analysis using the Enrichr API. The parsers include options for input gene list, gene sets, organism, description, cutoff, background, number of top terms, and output figure arguments.
4160	Calculate the enrichment score for a gene list given a gene set and correlation vector.
4161	Build shuffled ranking matrix for gene expressions based on specified method and parameters.
4162	Rank an expression table based on specified method
4163	Computes the nominal p-value for enrichment scores (ES) compared to a null distribution (ESnull). The function adjusts the p-value based on the sign of the observed ES.
4164	Compute nominal p-values, normalized enrichment scores, and FDR q-values for a given set of enrichment scores and null distributions.
4165	Return a DataFrame containing names and descriptions of available marts.
4166	Returns a DataFrame containing the names and descriptions of available datasets from the specified mart.
4167	Returns a DataFrame containing available attributes and their descriptions from the selected dataset.
4168	Get available filters from a selected dataset
4169	Map identifiers using BioMart.
4170	Runs Gene Set Enrichment Analysis on gene expression data, using specified gene sets and class labels, and returns results.
4171	Run Gene Set Enrichment Analysis with single sample GSEA tool.
4172	```plaintext
Run Gene Set Enrichment Analysis with pre-ranked correlation defined by user.

Parameters:
- rnk: pre-ranked correlation table or pandas DataFrame.
- gene_sets: Enrichr Library name or .gmt gene sets file or dict of gene sets.
- outdir: results output directory.
- permutation_num: Number of permutations for significance computation.
- min_size: Minimum allowed number of genes from gene set also the data set.
- max_size: Maximum allowed number of genes from gene set also the data set.
- weighted_score_type: Type of weighted score for enrichment calculation.
- ascending: Sorting order of rankings.
- processes: Number of processes to use.
- figsize: Matplotlib figure size.
- format: Matplotlib figure format.
- graph_num: Number of graphs to plot for top sets of each phenotype.
- no_plot: If True, no figure will be drawn.
- seed: Random seed.
- verbose: Increased output verbosity.

Returns:
A Prerank object containing enrichment analysis results.
```
4173	Reproduces GSEA desktop outputs by replotting figures with selected parameters.
4174	Sets the number of CPU cores to be used based on the number of processes. If the number of processes is greater than the available CPU cores, it sets the number of cores to the maximum available. If the number of processes is less than 1, it sets the number of cores to 1. Otherwise, it sets the number of cores to the number of processes. The value is then converted to an integer.
4175	Load a GMT file and filter gene sets based on gene list and size constraints.
4176	Retrieve active enrichr library names from the_official_API.
4177	Download and generate Enrichr library gene sets.
4178	Generates a heatmap dataset for GSEA by filtering and concatenating data based on phenotype positions.
4179	Reformat GSEA results and save to a CSV file.
4180	Pre-processes a gene expression data frame by handling different input formats, dropping duplicates, filling NA values, setting gene names as indices, selecting numeric columns, dropping genes with standard deviation of zero, and normalizing zeros.
4181	GSEA main procedure
4182	Run GSEA prerank workflow
4183	Run Single Sample GSEA workflow with permutation procedure
4184	Single Sample GSEA workflow with multiprocessing utility on samples.
4185	Save raw and normalized enrichment scores to CSV files in the specified output directory.
4186	Replot GSEA results and generate visualizations.
4187	Enrichr API for gene set enrichment analysis.
4188	Summarize the given code into a single line:
 Parse the `gene_sets` input, convert `.gmt` files to dictionaries, handle different input types, and validate the output.
4189	Parse gene list
4190	Send a list of genes to the Enrichr server and retrieve the job ID.
4191	This method compares the genes sent and received to get successfully recognized genes by using the Enrichr API.
4192	Get the background gene set from a file or a database, and return it as a set of gene identifiers.
4193	### Example 2:
run(self)
Run Enrichr for one sample gene list with multiple libraries. Set organism, read input file, and process each gene set (local or online). Save results, perform plotting (if enabled), and clean up temporary directory.
4194	Create a cube primitive and save the to an filter XML.
4195	Create an icosphere mesh with specified radius, diameter, subdivisions, and color.
4196	Create a torus mesh with specified dimensions andate.
4197	Creates a plane with specified number of vertices on its sides.
4198	Create a high-resolution cube mesh with customizable dimensions and segments.
4199	Reads a file named `color_names.txt` to find the red, green, and blue values for a named color. If the color is not found, it uses default values (white: 255, 255, 255).
4200	Checks if a variable is a list and adjusts its length accordingly.
4201	Converts a variable to a list, ensuring it has the correct length by replicating the first element if necessary.
4202	Write filter to FilterScript object or filename
4203	Apply LS3 Subdivision Surface algorithm using Loop's weights.
4204	Merge together all the vertices that are nearer than the specified threshold.
4205	Close holes smaller than a given threshold
4206	Split vertices that are incident on non-manifold faces until the mesh becomes two-manifold.
4207	Try to snap together adjacent borders that are slightly mismatched. This can happen on badly triangulated adjacent patches defined by high order surfaces. For each border vertex, the filter snaps it onto the closest boundary edge if it is within a specified threshold ratio of the edge length. If `unify_vert` is set to True, the snap vertices are welded together.
4208	Translates a script by adding the given x, y, and z values to its vertices.
4209	Rotates a 3D script around a specified axis by a given angle.
4210	Scale a script by a given value using a geometric function for improved accuracy.
4211	Convert functions in Z up cylindrical coordinates, with radius 'r', angle 'theta', and height 'z'.
4212	Deform mesh around cylinder of radius and axis z
4213	Bends mesh around cylinder of radius and angle while considering pitch, taper, and straight start/end sections.
4214	Deforms a mesh along a parametric curve function.
4215	Transfer vertex colors to texture colors.
4216	Transfer mesh colors to face colors
4217	Create a new mesh that is a resampled version of the current one using uniform volumetric representation and the marching cube algorithm.
4218	Reconstruct watertight surfaces from oriented point sets using the Screened Poisson algorithm.
4219	Turn a model into a surface with Voronoi style holes in it.
4220	Select all the faces and/or vertices of the current mesh and write the filter to a script.
4221	Select all the faces and vertexes within the specified vertex quality range.
4222	A boolean function using muparser lib to perform face selection over current mesh. It allows for the use of variables and boolean operators to define a selection condition.
4223	Performs boolean vertex selection over a mesh using a Lua-like script.
4224	Select vertices within a cylindrical radius
4225	Select all vertices within a spherical radius
4226	Flatten all or only the visible layers into a single new mesh.
4227	Rename a layer label
4228	Change the current layer by specifying the new layer number.
4229	Duplicate a layer and create a new layer with a label '*_copy'.
4230	Delete all layers below the specified one.
4231	Handle subprocess program errors by prompting the user to retry, continue, or exit, then return a boolean indicating whether to break out of the loop.
4232	Creates new mlx script and writes opening tags, processes project files and separate input files for STL files, and handles cases with no input files by creating a dummy file.
4233	Adds a new mesh layer to the end of the stack with the given label and optionally changes to that layer.
4234	Deletes the mesh layer at the specified layer_num and adjusts the current layer if necessary.
4235	Save filter script to an mlx file
4236	Run a script with provided input and handling temporary files for input and output if necessary.
4237	Create a shield model by combining multiple concentric rings and a star shape, then deform it into a sphere using MeshLabServer.
4238	Compute the Hausdorff Distance between two meshes, sampling one of the two and finding for each sample the closest point over the other mesh.
4239	Create a new layer with point sampling using Poisson-disk distribution based on parameters like sample number, radius, Monte Carlo rate, and more.
4240	Create a new layer with a uniform sample of mesh vertices/edges/faces according to specified parameters.
4241	Create a new layer populated with a subsampling of the vertexes of the current mesh, driven by a one-per-gridded cell strategy. The resulting mesh's fineness is controlled by the cell size, and the sampling strategy can be either averaging or choosing the closest vertex to the cell center.
4242	Flat plane parameterization with options to preserve the aspect ratio
4243	Trivial Per-Triangle parameterization
4244	Create a Voronoi Atlas parameterization filter XML and write it to a script file.
4245	Compute a set of topological measures over a mesh and write the filter to a script.
4246	Parse the ml-log file generated by the measure_topology function and extract topology information such as number of vertices, edges, faces, and whether the mesh is manifold. The information is returned in a dictionary.
4247	Parse the ml_log file generated by the hausdorff_distance function and retrieve the results in a dictionary.
4248	Generate a new RGBA color for every vertex in a mesh using a script. The red, green, blue, and alpha channels can be defined by specifying a function for each. If a CSS color name is provided, it will override the per-component variables.
4249	Given a Mesh 'M' and a Pointset 'P', the filter project each vertex of 'P' over 'M' and color 'M' according to the geodesic distance from these projected points. Projection and coloring are done on a per-vertex basis.
4250	Color mesh vertices in a repeating sinusoidal rainbow pattern using specified parameters.
4251	muparser atan2 function
4252	Computes the cross product of two 3x1 vectors.
4253	Multiplies each element of a vector by a scalar.
4254	Add a new Per-Vertex scalar attribute to current mesh and fill it with the defined function.
4255	Invert faces orientation, flipping the normals of the mesh.
4256	Compute normals for point sets without using triangle connectivity.
4257	```python
"""Generate a Taubin smoothing filter script.

Applies Taubin smoothing iteratively to a mesh, with optional selection.

Args:
    script: The FilterScript object or filename to write the filter to.
    iterations (int): Number of smoothing iterations.
    t_lambda (float): Lambda parameter for smoothing.
    t_mu (float): Mu parameter for smoothing.
    selected (bool): Apply only to selected faces.

Returns:
    None
"""
```
4258	Conducts an iterative depth smoothing operation on a mesh, constrained by the view direction, and optionally limited to selected faces.
4259	Sorts separate line segments in obj format into a continuous polyline or polylines. Measures the length of each polyline and returns the polyline and polylineMeta (lengths). Not finished; do not use.
4260	Measures and returns the topology of a mesh from a given input file.
4261	Measures mesh geometry, AABB, and topology, optionally logs the AABB results.
4262	Measure a dimension of a mesh given specified axes and offsets.
4263	Ensure that the filename has a lowercase extension for comparisons.
4264	By default, Flask allows uploads of arbitrary size, which can lead to potential disk space issues. This function patches the app's request class to reject any upload larger than the specified size by setting the `max_content_length` attribute. If the size is `None`, it uses the `MAX_CONTENT_LENGTH` configuration setting to patch the request class.
4265	extracts the configuration for a single set
4266	Call this function after the app has been configured. It will go through all the upload sets, get their configuration, and store the configuration on the app. If the uploads module has not been set, it will register it. This function can be called multiple times with different upload sets.
4267	Retrieves the current configuration, either from an already set `_config` attribute or from the current application's upload set configuration, defaulting to raising an error if accessed outside a request context.
4268	Function to get the URL for a file uploaded to a set.
4269	Return the absolute path of a file uploaded to this set, using an optional subfolder.
4270	This method checks whether a specific file extension is allowed based on the configuration and a predefined list of extensions. It returns `True` if the extension is in the allowed list or if it is in the predefined list but not in the denied list.
4271	Returns a new basename for a file by appending a suffix if a file with the selected name already exists in the target folder.
4272	Returns the actual version specified in the given filename.
4273	removes duplicate objects based on their object ID and returns a list of unique objects
4274	Calculate the difference in object counts between two collections of Python objects.
4275	Formats object count by extracting and sorting object types and counts in descending order.
4276	Checks memory usage when the 'line' event occurs.
4277	Returns processed memory usage.
4278	Returns all objects that are considered a profiler overhead. Objects are hardcoded for convenience.
4279	```markdown
Returns the memory overhead by subtracting the initial RSS size from the current RSS size of the process.
```
4280	Return memory stats for a package.
4281	Returns memory stats for a module.
4282	Returns memory stats for a function by profiling its execution.
4283	Collects memory stats for specified Python program.
4284	Returns module filenames from package.
4285	Run function in separate process.
4286	Determines the type of a run object.
4287	Initializes profiler with a module, setting up the profiler to run a specific object, handling the run arguments and globals, and ensuring the program path is included in the system path.
4288	Initializes the profiler with a package, setting up the run object and arguments.
4289	Initialize profiler with a given function.
4290	Replace sys.argv with proper args to pass to script.
4291	Samples the current stack and adds the result to `self._stats`. It captures the call stack until it reaches the `base_frame`, updating the count of this stack trace in `_stats`. The method then sets an interval timer to call itself again.
4292	Inserts call stack into the call tree by updating the function nodes and their sample counts.
4293	Count and fill sample counts inside call tree.
4294	Reformats call tree for the UI.
4295	Returns the current call tree
4296	Runs a statistical profiler on a package and returns the profiling results including the sample count and run time.
4297	Runs a statistical profiler on a module and returns call statistics, run time, and other profiling information.
4298	Runs statistical profiler on a function and returns performance metrics.
4299	Transform collected stats for UI.
4300	Records and analyzes profiling data for a specified package using cProfile.
4301	Runs cProfile on a module and returns profiling statistics.
4302	Runs cProfile on a function and returns profiling statistics along with the function's result and timestamp.
4303	Initializes the database by connecting to it and executing the schema script.
4304	Returns all existing guestbook records.
4305	Adds a single guestbook record.
4306	Profiler handler for 'main' and 'add' URIs, running respective functions and redirecting to the homepage.
4307	Starts HTTP server with specified parameters.
4308	Handles requests for index.html by reading the file and returning its content with the appropriate MIME type.
4309	Handles requests for static files, constructs the file path, reads the file content, determines the content type based on the file extension, and returns the content along with its MIME type.
4310	Handles HTTP GET requests, compresses the response, and sends it with appropriate headers.
4311	Handle HTTP POST requests, read and decompress data, update profile JSON, send response with appropriate headers.
4312	Send HTTP response code, message, and headers if provided.
4313	Checks whether a path belongs to the standard library or installed modules.
4314	Records line execution time.
4315	Filter lines from the standard library from self.lines.
4316	Fills code heatmap and execution count dictionaries.
4317	Skips lines in src_code specified by skip map.
4318	Calculates heatmap for package by running the code and collecting execution times.
4319	Formats heatmap data for a user interface, including skipping lines based on execution data.
4320	Calculates and returns the heatmap for a module, including the total run time and formatted heatmaps for each file.
4321	Calculates heatmap for function.
4322	Profile an object using specified profilers and return a dictionary with collected stats.
4323	Runs profilers on a function and sends the collected data to a remote host.
4324	Return probability estimates for the RDD containing test vector X.
4325	Return log-probability estimates for the RDD containing the test vector X.
4326	Trains a Gaussian Naive Bayes model on the given input data.
4327	Create a sparse feature matrix and vocabulary from analyzed documents.
4328	Sort features by name, returning a reordered matrix and modifying the vocabulary in place.
4329	Remove too rare or too common features by pruning based on document frequencies and restricting the vocabulary to a specified limit.
4330	Learn the vocabulary dictionary and return term-document matrix.
4331	Transforms documents to document-term matrix by extracting token counts using the fitted vocabulary.
4332	Return an equivalent StandardScaler object with the same properties as the original object.
4333	Wraps a Scikit-learn Linear model's fit method to use with RDD input.
4334	Wraps a Scikit-learn Linear model's predict method to use with RDD input.
4335	Fit a linear model using the given training data and target values.
4336	Fits all the transforms sequentially and then fits the final estimator on the transformed data.
4337	Fit all transformers in a pipeline and transform the data, then fit and transform the data using the final estimator.
4338	Applies transforms to the data, and the score method of the final estimator. Valid only if the final estimator implements score.
4339	Performs the parameter search and fitting process using cross-validation.
4340	Calculate the score of an estimator on a given test set.
4341	Computes k-means clustering for the input data and returns self with the computed cluster centers.
4342	Predict the closest cluster each sample in X belongs to.
4343	Predict class labels for samples in X using a distributed method.
4344	Checks if the blocks in the RDD match the expected types.
4345	Learn a list of feature name -> indices mappings from a DictRDD or a similar structure.
4346	Calculates empirical variances from the input data.
4347	Fits LSI model to X and performs dimensionality reduction on X.
4348	Transforms the input data `Z` by performing dimensionality reduction, returning a reduced version of the data.
4349	Pack rdd with a specific collection constructor.
4350	Pack rdd of tuples as tuples of arrays or scipy.sparse matrices.
4351	Block an RDD
4352	Equivalent to map, compatibility purpose only.
4353	Returns the shape of the data.
4354	Returns the data as a numpy array from each partition of the RDD.
4355	Apply a transformation function to one or more columns in the RDD and return the modified RDD.
4356	Returns a permission mask value based on the given permissions (Read, Write, Execute) and positions (User, Group, Other).
4357	Check if a file is only writable by root
4358	Command to verify the configuration file.
4359	Parses and validates a config file, accessing the parsed data as a dictionary
4360	Run a command as a specific user and return the arguments for execution.
4361	Execute command on thread
4362	Executes a command on a remote machine using SSH. Takes the command to execute, the SSH server address (with optional port), the current working directory, and the shell to use as parameters. Returns a list of the SSH command and necessary arguments to execute the remote command.
4363	Ensure the configuration in `self.data` is valid, raise `InvalidConfig` if not, and preprocess the `content-type` and `body` fields accordingly.
4364	Get HTTP Headers to send. By default `default_headers`. Return HTTP Headers as a dictionary.
4365	Return the "data" value from self.data, either as JSON if it's a dictionary or directly otherwise. If self.default_body is set, return that instead.
4366	Returns the Home Assistant URL with the event specified in the data.
4367	Returns the IFTTT Webhook URL with the event and key from the device's data.
4368	Retrieve source MAC address from the Scapy packet and add additional information for Amazon devices.
4369	Register src MAC to avoid repetition and print device on screen
4370	Print help and scan devices on screen.
4371	Executes the device with optional root access. Logs the execution and sends confirmation based on the result.
4372	Send success or error message to configured confirmation.
4373	Press button. Check DEFAULT_DELAY.
4374	Execute a device using a new thread if the time since the last execution is greater than the default delay.
4375	Starts the daemon mode with an option to allow root access.
4376	Convert an OFX Transaction to a posting
4377	Returns main ledger file path or raises an exception if it cannot be found.
4378	Run the unit test suite with each support library and Python version.
4379	Transform README.md into a usable long description by replacing relative references to SVG images with absolute HTTPS references.
4380	Returns a PrecalculatedTextMeasurer object from a JSON stream.
4381	Returns a reasonable default `PrecalculatedTextMeasurer` by checking for the existence of a cached default and attempting to load it from a JSON file in the package resources. If the file is not found, raises a `ValueError`.
4382	Create a github-style badge as an SVG image.
4383	Return an iterable of supported characters from the font file at the given path.
4384	Generates the subset of 'characters' that can be encoded by 'encodings'.
4385	Return a mapping between each given character and its length in pixels.
4386	Write the data required by PrecalculatedTextMeasurer to a stream.
4387	Convolve 2D image with Gaussian kernel.
4388	Generate a 1D Gaussian kernel.
4389	Convert PIL image to numpy grayscale array and numpy alpha array.
4390	```python
def main():
    """Compares an image with a list of images using the SSIM metric."""
```
4391	Compute the SSIM value from the reference image to the target image.
4392	Computes the Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) between two PIL Image objects using a Gaussian kernel.
4393	Correctly destroy SyncObj. Stop autoTickThread, close connections, etc.
4394	Switches to a new code version on all cluster nodes, ensuring nodes are updated before applying commands. Returns an exception if the requested version is not valid.
4395	Used by Flask to show information on the network
4396	Dumps different debug information about cluster to the default logger.
4397	This interface is used to find the node to which a connection belongs.
4398	Bind the server if it is not already bound, is not a read-only node, and the last attempt was too long ago. Raises a TransportNotReadyError if the bind attempt fails after reaching the maximum number of retries.
4399	Handle incoming connections by adding them to a set, setting up encryption if available, and registering callbacks for message reception and disconnection.
4400	Callback for handling incoming messages on connections. Manages encryption, utility messages, and associating connections with Nodes. Once initial setup is complete, further messages are sent to the onMessageReceived callback.
4401	Callback for the utility messages, handling success and error responses.
4402	Check whether this node should initiate a connection to another node.
4403	Connect to a node if necessary.
4404	Handles connection establishment, encrypts messages if enabled, and triggers further handling based on connection status.
4405	Callback for handling an outgoing message reception. Sets up random key exchange for encrypted connections and triggers node connection and message handling callbacks.
4406	Dispatch to the different methods responsible for handling the disconnection of a connection object and possibly initiating a reconnect if necessary.
4407	Add a node to the network and establish a TCP connection if necessary.
4408	Drop a node from the network by removing its connection if it exists and prevent the node from being reconnected. Then, remove the node from the appropriate node set and last connection attempt dictionary.
4409	Sends a message to a node if the connection is alive before and after sending. Returns False if the connection appears to be dead.
4410	Destroy this transport by removing callbacks, dropping nodes, unbinding a server, and disconnecting unknown connections.
4411	Put an item into the queue Return True if item placed in queue Return False if queue is full and item can not be placed
4412	Puts an item into the queue if the queue is not full. Returns True if the item is placed, otherwise False.
4413	Extracts the smallest item from the queue, returning the default value if the queue is empty.
4414	Attempt to acquire a lock with the given parameters.
4415	Check if lock is acquired by ourselves.
4416	Release previously-acquired lock.
4417	Wrap checks and return an error response on failure.
4418	Network error
4419	Sets the Elasticsearch hosts to use, with optional HTTPS connection and SSL certificate verification.
4420	Create Elasticsearch indexes based on a list of names and optional settings.
4421	Updates index mappings for specified aggregate and forensic indexes.
4422	Duplicate `org_name`, `org_email`, and `report_id` into the root of the JSON and remove the `report_metadata` key.
4423	Saves a list of aggregate DMARC reports to a Kafka topic.
4424	Returns the extracted XML from a zip, gzip, or xml file.
4425	r Parses a file at the given path, a file-like object, or bytes as a
aggregate DMARC report. Returns an OrderedDict containing the parsed report.
4426	Converts one or more parsed forensic reports into flat CSV format, including headers.
4427	Parses a DMARC aggregate or forensic file, handling different input types and parsing options.
4428	Returns a list of an IMAP server's capabilities.
4429	Saves the parsing results in JSON and CSV files in the specified output directory, and also saves the samples in the same directory with unique filenames.
4430	Creates a zip file of parsed report output.
4431	Sends an email with parsing results attached as a zip file.
4432	Saves aggregate DMARC reports to Splunk.
4433	Saves forensic DMARC reports to Splunk.
4434	Decode a base64 string, with padding being optional.
4435	Get the base domain name for the given domain using the Public Suffix List.
4436	Resolves an IP address to a hostname using a reverse DNS query
4437	Converts a human-readable timestamp into a Python DateTime object.
4438	Retrieve ISO country code for a given IP address using the MaxMind Geolite2 Country database, with an option for parallel processing.
4439	Returns reverse DNS and country information for the given IP address.
4440	Convert an Outlook MSG file to standard RFC 822 format.
4441	Converts a comma-separated string into a list, stripping any leading whitespace from each item.
4442	**Creates a file_results object and increments a global counter.**
4443	Go into drain state. All subscriptions will be put into a drain state. Upon completion, the publishers will be drained and can not publish any additional messages. Upon draining of the publishers, the connection will be closed. Use the `closed_cb` option to know when the connection has moved from draining to closed.

The `sid` parameter can be used to drain a subscription with that specific `sid` without closing the connection. If no `sid` is given, all subscriptions will be drained.
4444	Sends a PUB command to the server on the specified subject with the given payload.
4445	Publishes a message with a reply subscription for responses.
4446	Sends PUB command to the NATS server.
4447	Sets the subscription to use a task per message to be processed, asynchronously.
4448	Unsubscribe from a given subscription sequence ID and optionally after receiving a specified number of messages.
4449	Sends a ping to the server expecting a pong back to ensure that what has been written so far has made it to the server and to measure the roundtrip time. Raises ErrTimeout if a pong is not returned within the allowed timeout.
4450	Looks up in the server pool for an available server and attempts to connect.
4451	Process the raw error message, handle different errors, and close the connection accordingly.
4452	Process errors that occur while reading or parsing the protocol. If allow_reconnect is enabled, it will try to switch the server to which it is currently connected; otherwise, it will disconnect.
4453	This method generates a JSON string containing connection parameters to be used when sending a CONNECT request to a server. It includes options such as verbose mode, pedantic mode, language, version, protocol, user authentication (if required), and client name. The JSON string is then formatted and prefixed with the CONNECT operation code to form the final byte string to be sent over the network.
4454	Process PONG sent by server.
4455	Process MSG sent by server.
4456	Process INFO lines from the server to updates the client's cluster configuration, adding new servers to the server pool and optionally shuffling them.
4457	Process INFO received from the server, CONNECT to the server, and set up reading and ping interval tasks.
4458	Start a coroutine to continuously consume pending commands and flush them to the socket, breaking if not connected or connecting.
4459	Process data received from the server, feed it to the protocol parser, and handle errors gracefully.
4460	Compute and save coactivation map given an input seed.
4461	### Example 2:
Input:
def decode(self, images, save=None, round=4, names=None, **kwargs):
    """Decodes a set of images.

    Args:
      images: The images to decode. Can be:
        - A single string specifying the filename of the image to decode.
        - A list of filenames.
        - A single NumPy array containing the image data.
      save: Optional filename to save results to. If None (default), returns
        all results as an array.
      round: Optional integer indicating number of decimals to round result
        to. Defaults to 4.
      names: Optional list of names corresponding to the images in filenames.
        If passed, must be of same length and in same order as filenames.

    Returns:
      An n_features x n_files numpy array, where each feature is a row and
      each image is a column. The meaning of the values depends on the
      decoding method used.

    This method decodes images using one of three methods: Pearson correlation, 
    dot product, or ROI association, determined by the `method` attribute. The decoded 
    results are optionally saved to a CSV file.
    """
Output:
Decodes a set of images and returns the decoded features as an array. Supports three decoding methods: Pearson correlation, dot product, and ROI association. Results can be saved to a CSV file.
4462	Load feature data from a 2D ndarray on disk.
4463	Load feature image data from image files.
4464	Compute the Pearson's correlation between input images and feature images across voxels
4465	Decoding using the dot product
4466	Function implements various kinds of feature selection, such as K-best and random best, based on the specified feat_select parameter.
4467	Retrieves studies associated with a set of NIfTI masks at a specified threshold, optionally removes overlap between studies, filters by specific studies or features, and returns feature and class labels for a classification task.
4468	Return the order of requested features in the dataset.
4469	Perform classification on specified regions using a set of masks and returns the results.
4470	```Run the classifier function and retrieve the result in a dictionary based on the specified output type and parameters.```
4471	Fits X to outcomes y, using clf
4472	Sets the class_weight of the classifier based on the target variable y.
4473	A function that performs cross-validation fit for classification models. It supports different cross-validation methods, feature selection, and class weighting. The function returns the mean of the cross-validation scores.
4474	Given a dataset, fits either features or voxels to y
4475	Compute the proportion of active voxels within each region.
4476	Returns mappable data for a random subset of voxels.
4477	Returns the top forty words from each topic in a trained topic model.
4478	Calculates the Pearson correlation coefficient between a row vector x and each row vector in a 2D array y.
4479	Returns the FDR threshold given a p-value array and desired false discovery rate q.
4480	Load activation data from a text file and transform it to the target space.
4481	Creates and stores a new ImageTable instance based on the current Dataset, with an optional argument for the radius of the smoothing kernel.
4482	Get IDs or data for studies that meet specific criteria. If multiple criteria are passed, the set intersection is returned.
4483	Adds new features to the existing FeatureTable, either by appending to or replacing existing features, and allows additional arguments for merging and handling duplicates.
4484	Returns names of features. If `features` is `None`, returns all features. Otherwise assumes the user is trying to find the order of the features.
4485	Returns a dictionary where the keys are feature names and the values are the number of studies tagged with each feature.
4486	```Loaded saved instance of a Dataset from a pickle file. Handles encoding issues for Python3 compatibility. If the dataset has a feature_table, converts it from CSR to SDF format.```
4487	Pickle the Dataset instance to the provided file, converting the feature table to a sparse matrix if necessary.
4488	Slices and returns a subset of image data based on specified study ids and voxel indices, with an option to convert the result to a dense or sparse array.
4489	Slices and returns a subset of feature data.
4490	Given a list of features, this function returns the features in the order in which they appear in the database.
4491	Return a list of study names that meet the desired feature-based criteria.
4492	Return all features that match any of the search elements.
4493	Return study IDs based on a PEG parsed expression.
4494	Convert FeatureTable to SciPy CSR matrix.
4495	Decorator to mark functions as deprecated, emitting a warning when the function is called. It accepts an optional custom message; otherwise, it uses a generic deprecation message.
4496	Converts coordinates from one space to another using a provided transformation matrix.
4497	Convert an N x 3 array of XYZ coordinates to matrix indices.
4498	Apply a named transformation to a set of foci. If the named transformation doesn't exist, return foci untransformed.
4499	Mask out all invalid voxels in an image using specified mask layers.
4500	r Set the current mask by taking the conjunction of all specified layers.
4501	Load multiple images from file into an ndarray.
4502	Save a vectorized image to file with optional header update.
4503	Sets the logging level for neurosynth based on the provided level or an environment variable.
4504	Expands the given address into one or more normalized strings using various options for expansion.
4505	Normalizes a string, tokenizes it, and applies token-level normalization using libpostal's deterministic methods, then removes parentheticals if specified. Returns the normalized tokens along with their types.
4506	Parses address into components.
4507	Hash the given labels and values into normalized strings for grouping similar addresses together.
4508	Converts a Python dictionary to a memory-efficient namedtuple.
4509	Retrieve stock ticker price data for a specified time range and format.
4510	Method for fetching historical prices of one or more stock tickers and returning them as a pandas DataFrame.
4511	Fetches news data in bulk. If a file ID is provided, returns the URL for downloading the file and metadata; otherwise, returns a list of available file IDs. Supports JSON and object format output.
4512	Make HTTP request and return response object.
4513	Async helper method to retrieve the application bearer token from client_id and client_secret.
4514	Makes a request to the Spotify API with the current bearer credentials.
4515	Get an album's tracks by its Spotify ID.
4516	Get a Spotify artist by their ID.
4517	Get an artists tracks by their Spotify ID.
4518	Get an artists top tracks per country using their Spotify ID.
4519	Get related artists for an artist by their ID.
4520	Get a list of Spotify artists by their IDs.
4521	Get a single category used to tag items in Spotify.
4522	Get a list of Spotify playlists tagged with a particular category.
4523	Get a list of categories used to tag items in Spotify.
4524	Get a list of Spotify featured playlists.
4525	Get a list of new album releases featured in Spotify, optionally filtering by country and pagination.
4526	```
Get Recommendations Based on Seeds.

Parameters
----------
seed_artists : str
    A comma separated list of Spotify IDs for seed artists. Up to 5 seed values may be provided.
seed_genres : str
    A comma separated list of any genres in the set of available genre seeds. Up to 5 seed values may be provided.
seed_tracks : str
    A comma separated list of Spotify IDs for a seed track. Up to 5 seed values may be provided.
limit : Optional[int]
    The maximum number of items to return. Default: 20. Minimum: 1. Maximum: 50.
market : Optional[str]
    An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.
max_* : Optional[Keyword arguments]
    For each tunable track attribute, a hard ceiling on the selected track attribute's value can be provided.
min_* : Optional[Keyword arguments]
    For each tunable track attribute, a hard floor on the selected track attribute's value can be provided.
target_* : Optional[Keyword arguments]
    For each of the tunable track attributes (below) a target value may be provided.
```
4527	Check to see if the current user is following one or more artists or other Spotify users.
4528	Get the albums of a Spotify artist.
4529	Load all of an artist's albums.
4530	This interface is used to get the total amount of albums in a specific market.
4531	Get Spotify catalog information about artists similar to a given artist.

Similarity is based on analysis of the Spotify communitys listening history.
4532	Get the user's currently playing track.
4533	Get information about the user's current playback and return a player object representing it.
4534	Get information about the user's available devices.
4535	Get a list of tracks from the current user's recently played history.
4536	Replace all the tracks in a playlist, overwriting its existing tracks.
4537	This interface is used to reorder a track or a group of tracks in a playlist.
4538	Returns a playlist created by a Spotify user with the given name, public/private status, and optional collaborative status and description.
4539	Get the user's playlists from Spotify, optionally limiting the number of playlists retrieved and specifying an offset.
4540	Get the tracks of an album from Spotify with optional limit and offset parameters.
4541	Return a list of all tracks in an album, potentially involving a multiple-step asynchronous fetch process.
4542	Generate an OAuth2 URL for user authentication.
4543	Retrieve an album with a Spotify ID.
4544	Retrieve an artist using a Spotify ID.
4545	Retrive an track with a spotify ID.
4546	Fetches a user by their Spotify ID.
4547	Retrieves multiple albums using a list of Spotify IDs and returns them.
4548	Retrieve multiple artists with a list of Spotify IDs and return a list of artists.
4549	Accesses the Spotify search functionality. Returns the results based on the search query and specified types, limits, offsets, and markets.
4550	Get a Spotify ID from a URI or open.spotify URL.
4551	Decorator to assert an object has an attribute when run.
4552	Construct an OAuth2 object from a `spotify.Client`.
4553	Construct and return an OAuth2 URL based on the provided client ID, redirect URI, optional scope, state, and security flag.
4554	Attributes used when constructing URL parameters.
4555	Method returns URL parameters constructed from items in `self.attrs` dictionary, joined by '&' characters.
4556	get the track object for each link in the partial tracks data
4557	Get all playlist tracks from the playlist.
4558	Resumes playback on the user's account, targeting a specific device if provided.
4559	Transfer playback to a new device and determine if it should start playing.
4560	Get the full object from Spotify with a `href` attribute.
4561	Execute the logic behind the meaning of ExpirationDate + return the matched status.
4562	Convert a given month into our unified format.
4563	Read the code and update all links in both the `PyFunceble` and `tests` directories, ignoring specified files and directories.
4564	Checks if the current version is greater than the older version.
4565	Checks if the current Git branch is `dev`.
4566	Check if the current version number is greater than the version number in the version.yaml file for the last two elements. If it is, return True, otherwise return False.
4567	Backup the current execution state.
4568	Restore data from the given path, updating counters based on backup content.
4569	Checks if a given line should be ignored based on a list of regex patterns.
4570	Handle the data from the options and return the list of domains.
4571	Function to extract the base of a given element, which could be a string or a list, by checking if it is a URL and splitting it based on the '/' character.
4572	Format and process an adblock line to extract valid domains or IPs.
4573	Retrieves the HTTP code status.
4574	Returns the HTTP code status.
4575	Check the syntax of the given domain and returns the syntax validity. If the domain is empty or not a string, returns None. The function also loads the configuration silently before checking the domain.
4576	Check if a given domain is a subdomain.
4577	Check if the given IPv4 address has a valid syntax. Return `True` if it is valid, `False` if it is not, and `None` if the input is empty or not a string.
4578	bool
4579	Check the syntax of the given URL and return its validity. If the URL is empty or not a string, return None.
4580	Load and update the configuration
4581	Print a friendly message under certain conditions.
4582	Check if the given information is an URL. If it is the case, it downloads and updates the location of the file to test.
4583	Manages the loading of the URL system. If the URL file is not a valid URL, it initiates the filename to be tested by the file URL.
4584	Print the header if the quiet mode is not activated and the header has not been already printed.
4585	Manages the database, autosave, and autocontinue systems for file reading. Handles status updates, updates databases accordingly, and manages file backup and execution state.
4586	Manages the domain testing process, setting the domain to test and handling the status retrieval and printing based on configuration.
4587	Manage the case that we want to test only a given URL. If an URL to test is provided, set it as the to-be Tested URL and get its status from either Syntax or URL mode, depending on the configuration. Run the file decision logic and print the URL information if the simple mode is enabled. Finally, return the URL and its status. If no URL is provided, return None.
4588	```
Prints the colored logo of PyFunceble based on whether it's the initial print or based on the percentage of up checks. If the quiet mode is not activated, it checks the percentage of up and prints the logo in green if it's 50% or more, in yellow if it's less than 50%, and in red if the quiet mode is activated.
```
4589	Formats an extracted domain by removing comments andwhitespace, returning the domain to test or an empty string if the line is a comment.
4590	Extracts non-commented lines from a file for testing purposes
4591	Manage the case that need to test each domain of a given file path.
4592	Manage the case that we have to test a file by filtering the list of URLs, removing elements present in the database, and formatting the list based on the user's configuration.
4593	Switches the boolean value of a PyFunceble configuration variable or a custom bool variable.
4594	Return the status while testing for an IP or domain.
4595	Handle the backend of the given status by generating the status file based on the catched status and returning the parsed status.
4596	Get the structure we are going to work with.
4597	Create the given directory if it does not exist. If a directory separator is found in the given directory, it will split the directory into subdirectories and create them one by one. The method also ensures that the directory permissions are updated if the script is run under Travis CI.
4598	Delete unnecessary directories based on the registered structure
4599	```r
Set the paths to the configuration files based on the provided path.

:param path_to_config: The possible path to the config to load.
:type path_to_config: str

:return: The path to the config to read and the path to the default configuration as fallback.
:rtype: tuple
```
4600	Load the `.PyFunceble.yaml` configuration file into the system, or if it's not found, copy the default configuration file and then load it. If the default configuration file also doesn't exist, re-raise the `FileNotFoundError`.
4601	Downloads the production configuration and installs it in the current directory. If the current version is not the cloned one, it also downloads a copy of the upstream configuration file.
4602	downloads the iana-domains-db.json file if it is not present
4603	Download `public-suffix.json` if not present.
4604	Download the latest version of `dir_structure_production.json` and save it to the specified destination if it does not already exist.
4605	Merges the upstream configuration into the new configuration, removes specified keys, and assigns the result to `new_config`.
4606	Execute merging logic, handle auto configuration environment variable, prompt user for configuration, merge values, save, and handle exceptions.
4607	Convert a version string into a list of its digit or non-digit parts.
4608	Compare the local and upstream versions Return True if local < upstream Return None if local == upstream Return False if local > upstream
4609	Check if the current version of PyFunceble is the cloned version.
4610	Handles and checks if a configuration index exists, initializing it with default values if not found.
4611	Determines the directory to write the analytic file based on the domain's status.
4612	Generates a unified file based on the provided configurations and test results.
4613	Generates a file based on the domain status, processes it, and outputs the results either on the screen or to a file, depending on configuration settings.
4614	Return `True` if we are not allowed to produce a file based on the given conditions.
4615	Extract the extension from the given line and update the public suffix database accordingly.
4616	Load the public suffix database into the system.
4617	Remove all special characters and return the formatted string.
4618	Sort a domain hierarchically by reversing the order of the domain levels.
4619	Initiate the IANA database if it is not already initiated.
4620	Retrieves the referer for the given domain extension by parsing the WHOIS record using regex.
4621	Extracts domain extensions and their referers from given text.
4622	Update the content of the `iana-domains-db` file by fetching extensions and referers, and then saving the updated data.
4623	Search for domain or URL related to the original URL or domain.
4624	Attempts to retrieve mining information. If mining is activated and the backup file exists, it reads the data, cleans empty elements, and returns it. If mining is not activated or the backup file does not exist, it returns an empty dictionary.
4625	Backup the mined informations.
4626	Add the currently mined information to the mined "database".
4627	Removes an element from the mining data.
4628	Provide the list of mined domains or URLs.
4629	Process the logic and structuration of the mining database. If mining is enabled, execute the mining logic, add the mined data to the global database, and backup everything.
4630	Returns the content of the given log file as a dictionary.
4631	Write the content into the given file.
4632	Logs the WHOIS record if needed.
4633	_Logs the extracted expiration date._
4634	Logs the case that the referer was not found.
4635	Write the generated file's header into a given path, if it doesn't exist.
4636	Constructs a header for a table based on the provided data, including separators and column sizes.
4637	Generate and print a header based on the template provided
4638	:return A dict with all information about the data and how to which what maximal size to print it. (:rtype: OrderedDict)
4639	Gets the size of each column from the header.
4640	Applies color to a string based on its content and a specified template. The function checks the status (e.g., "up", "down") and assigns a color accordingly (green for up, red for down, and cyan for other statuses), and returns the colored string.
4641	Manage JSON template for printing. handles file existence, data extension, formatting, and error handling.
4642	Manage and input data to a table.
4643	Save the current time to the file.
4644	Calculate the difference between starting and ending time.
4645	Format the calculated execution time into a human readable format.
4646	Returns a list of files to delete in the specified directory.
4647	Returns a list of database files to delete.
4648	Deletes almost all discovered files, with an option to clean everything instead.
4649	Get the hash of a file using the specified algorithm and return the hash digest.
4650	Generate a hash of the given data using the specified algorithm.
4651	Return the hash of the given file or data.
4652	Execute the given command and return its output.
4653	Remove a given key from a given dictionary. Returns the dictionary without the given key(s). If the main dictionary is not a dictionary, returns None.
4654	Renames keys in a dictionary based on the provided mapping. If 'strict' is True, it renames keys that match exactly. If 'strict' is False, it renames keys that contain the old key as a substring. Returns the modified dictionary or None if the input is not valid.
4655	Merge the content of `to_merge` into the given main dictionary. Handle merging of dictionaries and lists, and append elements that are not present in the main dictionary.
4656	Save a dictionary into a JSON file.
4657	Save a dictionary into a YAML file.
4658	Function to fix the path of the given path.
4659	Write or append data into the given file path.
4660	Read a given file path and return its content.
4661	Return a sorted list without duplicates, case-insensitively. If a TypeError occurs, return the original list.
4662	Merges a given list into the main list while respecting or ignoring the index based on the strict parameter.
4663	Return a list of strings that do not match the given regex.
4664	Used to get exploitable result of re.search
4665	Replaces a matched string with another string. Returns the data after replacement.
4666	Count the number of domain for each status.
4667	Calculate the percentage of each status.
4668	Print on screen and on file the percentages for each status.
4669	Checks if the given URL is valid and provides options to return the URL base or a formatted version.
4670	Check if the given domain is valid.
4671	Checks if the given subdomain is a valid subdomain.
4672	Execute the logic behind the Syntax handling.
4673	Formats the old format of the inactive database so it can be merged into the newer format by updating the current database with the old data, converting timestamps, and then deleting the old file.
4674	Retrieves the current content of the inactive-db.json file and merges it with the existing database if it exists.
4675	Saves the current database into the inactive-db.json file.
4676	Get the timestamp where we are going to save our current list. Return the timestamp to append with the currently tested element.
4677	Returns the content of the database.
4678	Check if the currently tested element is present in the database.
4679	Retrieve the data from the database and merge it into PyFunceble.INTERN["whois_db"] if necessary.
4680	Backup the database into its file.
4681	Check if the element is verified and its presence is confirmed in the database.
4682	Return true if the current time is older than the one in the database.
4683	Retrieves the expiration date from the database if authorized and the element is present and not expired. Returns the expiration date as a string if available, otherwise returns None.
4684	Add the currently tested element into the database and update or create the corresponding entry based on its state and expiration date.
4685	Sets permissions in Travis builds to avoid issues before committing.
4686	Handler for autosave under Travis CI logic.
4687	Checks the availability of an ADB connection by verifying the server and device status.
4688	Checks whether to use a WHOIS server to get information about a domain and returns the WHOIS record if available.
4689	Execute the logic behind the URL handling.
4690	Return the referer aka the WHOIS server of the current domain extension.
4691	Returns the current object behind the proxy.
4692	Yields paths to standard modules.
4693	Yield standard module names that meet certain criteria
4694	Yield line numbers of unused imports.
4695	Yield line number and module name of unused imports.
4696	Yield the line numbers of messages that indicate the use of a star import.
4697	Yield line number, undefined name, and module name from messages if they are ImportStarUsage.
4698	Yield line numbers of unused variables.
4699	Yield line numbers of duplicate keys in messages if they are not in the correct format.
4700	Return a dictionary mapping the key to a list of messages based on `message_args[0]`.
4701	Checks for messages from pyflakes based on the provided source code.
4702	Return package name in import statement.
4703	Return True if import spans multiple lines.
4704	Check if the given line is part of a multiline statement.
4705	Return a new line with unused import modules filtered out, or 'pass' if all imports are unused.
4706	Return a line with imports on separate lines.
4707	Yield code with unused imports, variables, keys, and modules removed.
4708	Provides a dictionary mapping line numbers to their corresponding messages.
4709	Expand star import line with undefined names.
4710	Returns an empty string if the line is the first occurrence of the key, otherwise returns the line.
4711	Helper function that returns True if `line` is a dict entry that uses `key`. If `line` is a multiline case, return False.
4712	Return True if value is a literal or a name.
4713	Yield line numbers of unneeded "pass" statements.
4714	Remove useless "pass" lines from the source code.
4715	Return leading whitespace.
4716	Return line ending based on the last non-whitespace character.
4717	Return code with all filtering run on it.
4718	Split a comma-separated string into a set of non-empty strings.
4719	Indicate whether the given filename corresponds to a Python file by checking if it ends with the '.py' extension and if the first line matches a Python shebang pattern.
4720	Return True if file matches exclude pattern.
4721	Yielding filenames while optionally searching recursively and excluding certain files
4722	Parse command-line arguments for automating the removal of unused imports and other code cleanups, and return an exit status indicating success or failure.
4723	Reads the data encoding the ObtainLease response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4724	Write the response payload of the ObtainLease operation to a stream.
4725	Write data encoding the Cancel request payload to a stream.
4726	Reads data encoding the Cancel response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4727	Returns a Name object, populated with the given value and type
4728	Read the data encoding the Digest object and decode it into its constituent parts
4729	Writing the data encoding the Digest object to a stream
4730	Constructs a Digest object from provided hashing algorithm, digest value, and key format type.
4731	Read the data encoding the ApplicationSpecificInformation object and decode it into its constituent parts.
4732	Encode the ApplicationSpecificInformation object's data to a stream.
4733	Construct an ApplicationSpecificInformation object from provided data and namespace values
4734	Reads data encoding the DerivationParameters struct and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4735	Write the data encoding the DerivationParameters struct to a stream.
4736	Reads and decodes the Get request payload from an input stream, handling various attributes like unique identifier, key format type, key compression type, and key wrapping specification based on the provided KMIP version and stream data.
4737	Write data encoding the Get request payload to a stream
4738	Reads and decodes the Get response payload from an input stream into its constituent parts, handling required attributes and raising errors if mandatory fields are missing.
4739	Write the data encoding the Get response payload to a stream.
4740	Reads the data encoding the SignatureVerify request payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4741	Writes data encoding the SignatureVerify request payload to a stream.
4742	Reads the data encoding the SignatureVerify response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4743	Process a KMIP request message. This routine is the main driver of the KmipEngine. It breaks apart and processes the request header, handles any message errors, processes the batch items, and returns the response. It is thread-safe and can handle multiple client connections.
4744	Build a simple ResponseMessage with a single error result using the specified version, reason, and message.
4745	Convert TemplateAttribute object to a dictionary of attributes.
4746	Returns a list of attributes from a managed object.
4747	Get the attribute value from the kmip.pie managed object. It returns None for unrecognized attributes.
4748	Sets attributes on a managed object based on a given dictionary of attributes and validates if the attributes are applicable to the object type.
4749	Set the attribute value on the kmip.pie managed object.
4750	Determine if object access is allowed for the provided policy and session settings.
4751	Writes the data encoding the Decrypt request payload to a stream
4752	Create a secret object of the specified type with the given value.
4753	Sets a specific configuration setting to the given value. Raises an error if the setting is not supported or if the value is invalid.
4754	Load configuration settings from the file pointed to by path.
4755	Returns the integer value of the usage mask bitmask.
4756	Converts an integer value into a list of enums.CryptographicUsageMask Enums based on the provided value and SQL dialect. Returns the list of enums.
4757	Read the encoding of the LongInteger from the input stream.
4758	Encode and write the LongInteger object to the output stream.
4759	Verify that the value of the LongInteger is within the valid range and of the correct type. If the value is not an integer or long, a TypeError is raised. If the value is outside the range of a signed 64-bit integer, a ValueError is raised.
4760	Read the encoding of the BigInteger from the input stream and decode it according to the specified KMIP version.
4761	Converts a BigInteger value to its binary representation, pads it, and then encodes it into a hexadecimal string, which is written to an output stream using a specified KMIP version.
4762	Verify the value of the BigInteger is an integer or long. Raise a TypeError if it's not.
4763	Verify that the value of the Enumeration is valid.
4764	Read the value of the Boolean object from the input stream
4765	Writes the value of a Boolean object to an output stream.
4766	Writes the encoding of a Boolean object to an output stream.
4767	Verifies that the value of a Boolean object is valid. Raises a TypeError if the value is not of type bool.
4768	Read the encoding of the Interval from the input stream.
4769	Verify the value of the Interval is valid. Raises:
- TypeError: if the value is not of type int or long
- ValueError: if the value is outside the range of an unsigned 32-bit integer
4770	Retrieve all of the relevant key wrapping data fields and return them as a dictionary.
4771	Configure key wrapping data attributes using a dictionary.
4772	Verifies the validity of the PublicKey object's attributes and raises TypeError if any attribute types are invalid or if the key format type is not valid. Additionally, it checks if the cryptographic usage masks and names are of the correct types.
4773	Verify that the contents of the SecretData object are valid. Raises a TypeError if any of the attributes' types are invalid.
4774	Verify that the contents of the OpaqueObject are valid and raise a TypeError if any attributes have invalid types.
4775	Converts an attribute name string into its corresponding attribute tag.
4776	Converts an attribute tag into the corresponding attribute name string. Raises an exception if the attribute tag is not a Tags enumeration or is unrecognized.
4777	A utility function that computes a bit mask from a collection of enumeration values.
4778	A utility function to extract enumeration values from a bit mask based on a specific enumeration class and mask.
4779	Checks if the provided value is a composite bit mask of enumeration values in the specified enumeration class.
4780	Read the data encoding the CreateKeyPair request payload and decode it into its constituent parts.
4781	Write the data encoding the CreateKeyPair request payload to a buffer based on the specified KMIP version.
4782	Reads data encoding the CreateKeyPair response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts. Raises an exception if the private or public key unique identifiers are missing.
4783	Method for writing data encoding the CreateKeyPair response payload to a buffer.
4784	Reads the data encoding the GetAttributeList request payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4785	Write the data encoding the GetAttributeList request payload to a stream.
4786	Read the data encoding the GetAttributeList response payload and decode it into its constituent parts.
4787	Method for encoding and writing the GetAttributeList response payload to a stream, handling different KMIP versions and validating required fields.
4788	Scan the provided directory for all JSON files and return them sorted.
4789	Scan the policy directory for policy data, update file timestamps, remove old policies, load new policies, and manage policy associations and deletions.
4790	Start monitoring operation policy files.
4791	Extract an X.509 certificate from a socket connection. If a certificate is extracted, convert it to an X.509 certificate object using the default backend. Return the certificate object if successful, otherwise return None.
4792	Extract and return the extendedKeyUsage extension from an X.509 certificate, if available.
4793	Given an X.509 certificate, extract and return all common names.
4794	Given an X.509 certificate, extracts and returns the client identity. If multiple client identities are found, raises a PermissionDenied exception. If no client identities are defined, also raises a PermissionDenied exception.
4795	Read and decode the payload of a Create request, handling different KMIP versions and checking for required attributes.
4796	Method for encoding the Payload of a Create request in KMIP protocol to an output buffer, handling different KMIP versions and raising exceptions if required fields are missing.
4797	Reads the data encoding the Create response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4798	Encode and write the data representing a KMIP Create response payload to a buffer.
4799	Converts a Pie object into a core secret object and vice versa. Raises a TypeError if the object type is unrecognized or unsupported.
4800	Reads the data encoding the Encrypt response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4801	Reads data encoding the DeriveKey request payload and decodes it into its constituent parts, raising a ValueError if the data attribute is missing.
4802	Method for encoding the DeriveKey request payload data to a stream.
4803	Check if the attribute is supported by the current KMIP version.
4804	Check if the attribute is deprecated by the current KMIP version.
4805	Check if a given attribute is applicable to a specified object type based on predefined rules.
4806	Check if the attribute is allowed to have multiple instances.
4807	Returns a value that can be used as a parameter in client or server. If a direct_value is given, that value will be returned instead of the value from the config file. If the appropriate config file option is not found, the default_value is returned.
4808	Reads the data encoding the Check response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4809	Write the data encoding the Check response payload to a stream.
4810	Reads and decodes the AttributeReference structure from the input_buffer, handling KMIP versions and checking for required fields.
4811	Encode the AttributeReference structure encoding to the data stream. If the vendor identification or attribute name fields are not defined, raises an InvalidField exception. If a KMIP version is provided that does not support the AttributeReference structure, raises a VersionNotSupported exception.
4812	Read the data stream and decode the Attributes structure into its parts.
4813	Write the Attributes structure encoding to the data stream.
4814	Read data encoding the Nonce struct and decode it into its constituent parts.
4815	Write the data encoding the Nonce struct to a stream.
4816	Reads and decodes a UsernamePasswordCredential structure from a given input stream, extracting the username and password fields.
4817	Encode the UsernamePasswordCredential struct to a stream.
4818	Reads the data encoding the DeviceCredential struct and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4819	Encode DeviceCredential struct to a stream
4820	Read data encoding a Credential struct and decode it into its constituent parts.
4821	Write the data encoding the Credential struct to a data stream.
4822	Read the data encoding the MACSignatureKeyInformation struct and decode it into its constituent parts.
4823	Encode the MACSignatureKeyInformation struct to a stream.
4824	Read the data encoding the KeyWrappingData struct and decode it into its constituent parts from the input stream, handling different attributes based on their presence.
4825	Writes the data encoding the KeyWrappingData struct to a stream.
4826	Reads and decodes the KeyWrappingSpecification struct from an input stream, handling various tags and attributes as specified.
4827	Writes the data encoding the KeyWrappingSpecification struct to a stream.
4828	Read the ExtensionInformation object from a data stream and decode it into its constituent parts.
4829	Write the data encoding the ExtensionInformation object to a stream.
4830	Constructs an ExtensionInformation object using provided extension values.
4831	Read the data encoding the RevocationReason object and decode it into its constituent parts.
4832	Encode and write the RevocationReason object to a stream.
4833	Validate the `RevocationReason` object by checking if the `revocation_code` is an instance of `RevocationReasonCode` and if `revocation_message`, if not `None`, is an instance of `TextString`. Raise a `TypeError` with a descriptive message if any of the checks fail.
4834	Read the data encoding the ObjectDefaults structure and decode it into its constituent parts.
4835	Write the ObjectDefaults structure encoding to the data stream. The method checks if the provided KMIP version is supported. It then encodes the object type and attributes fields and writes the resulting data to the output buffer. If the object type or attributes fields are not defined, it raises an InvalidField exception. If the provided KMIP version is not supported, it raises a VersionNotSupported exception.
4836	Read the data encoding the DefaultsInformation structure and decode it into its constituent parts.
4837	Encode the DefaultsInformation structure to a data stream based on the provided KMIP version.
4838	Read the data encoding the RNGParameters structure and decode it into its constituent parts.
4839	Encode the RNGParameters structure encoding to the data stream based on the KMIP version and the attributes defined in the object.
4840	Read the data encoding the ProfileInformation structure and decode it into its constituent parts.
4841	Encode the ProfileInformation structure to a data stream, handling different KMIP versions and required fields.
4842	Write the ValidationInformation structure encoding to a data stream, supporting a write method and a KMIP version parameter. Raises exceptions for invalid fields and unsupported versions.
4843	Read the data encoding the CapabilityInformation structure and decode it into its constituent parts.
4844	Encode the CapabilityInformation structure to the data stream.
4845	Stop the server and clean up connection threads. Raises a NetworkingError if socket shutdown fails.
4846	Start listening for client connections and handle them by spinning off new KmipSessions. Set up signal handling to gracefully shutdown the connection service.
4847	Reads and decodes the Locate request payload data from an input buffer into its constituent parts, handling different KMIP versions and attributes accordingly.
4848	Encode the data of the Locate request payload to a buffer, considering optional parameters like the KMIP version and attributes.
4849	Reads encoded data from the input buffer and decodes it into its constituent parts, including the number of located items and unique identifiers, while handling the KMIP version.
4850	Writes data encoding the Locate response payload to a buffer.
4851	Creates a symmetric key for a specified algorithm and length, returning a dictionary with the key data. Raises exceptions for unsupported algorithms or invalid key lengths.
4852	Create an asymmetric key pair using the specified algorithm and key length.
4853	Generates a message authentication code using either a hash-based or a cipher-based algorithm, based on the specified algorithm. Supports HMAC-SHA256 and CMAC. Raises exceptions for unsupported algorithms or cryptographic failures.
4854	Encrypts data using symmetric or asymmetric encryption. Takes parameters for the encryption algorithm, key, and plain text, and optional parameters for cipher mode, padding method, IV/nonce, and hashing algorithm. Returns a dictionary containing the encrypted data and any automatically generated IV/nonce. Raises exceptions for invalid fields or cryptographic failures.
4855	Encrypts data using symmetric encryption with the specified algorithm, key, and optional parameters such as cipher mode, padding method, and IV/nonce. Returns the encrypted data along with the IV/nonce if it was automatically generated. Raises exceptions if the algorithm or key is invalid.
4856	Encrypt data using asymmetric encryption.
4857	Encrypts data using asymmetric decryption. Raises exceptions for unsupported algorithms or key loading failures. Supports RSA with OAEP and PKCS1v15 padding.
4858	Create an RSA key pair with specified length and public exponent.
4859	Derives key data using a variety of key derivation functions, supporting different methods like ENCRYPT, HMAC, HASH, PBKDF2, and NIST800_108_C. Each method has its specific parameters and requirements for key derivation. Errors are raised for unsupported or incompatible parameters.
4860	This method `_create_RSA_private_key` instantiates an RSA private key from bytes provided. It attempts to load the private key using PKCS#8 (PEM) format, and if that fails, it attempts to load it using DER format. The private key is returned if successful.
4861	Verifies a message signature using a specified signing key, message, signature, and padding method.
4862	Read the data encoding the Sign response payload and decode it.
4863	Writes the data encoding the Sign response to a stream.
4864	Reads the data encoding the GetUsageAllocation request payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4865	Convert a ProtocolVersion struct to its KMIPVersion enumeration equivalent. Returns the enumeration equivalent if the struct cannot be converted, None is returned.
4866	Read the data encoding the ProtocolVersion struct and decode it into its constituent parts.
4867	Write the ProtocolVersion struct data to a stream.
4868	Read data encoding the Authentication struct and decode it into its constituent parts.
4869	Write the data encoding the Authentication struct to a stream.
4870	Read data encoding the Poll request payload and decode it into its constituent parts.
4871	```Read the data encoding the Certificate object and decode it into its constituent parts.```
4872	Write the data encoding the Certificate object to a stream.
4873	Query the configured SLUGS service with the provided credentials and retrieve user information including group membership.
4874	Read the data encoding the Archive response payload and decode it into its constituent parts from the input stream.
4875	Write data encoding the Archive response payload to a stream.
4876	Manages a new client connection, running a message handling loop until the connection is closed. Handles exceptions during the TLS handshake and message loop. Closes the connection and logs the session start and stop.
4877	Reads and decodes the Rekey response payload from the given input stream, handling the unique identifier and template attribute as needed.
4878	Check if a profile is supported by the client based on the provided conformance clause and authentication suite.
4879	Derive a new key or secret data from an existing managed object.
4880	Send a GetAttributes request to the server.
4881	Send a GetAttributeList request to the server and return the results.
4882	Send a Query request to the server.
4883	Sign specified data using a specified signing key. Args: data (bytes): Data to be signed. Required. unique_identifier (string): The unique ID of the signing key to be used. Optional, defaults to None. cryptographic_parameters (CryptographicParameters): A structure containing various cryptographic settings to be used for creating the signature. Optional, defaults to None. credential (Credential): A credential object containing a set of authorization parameters for the operation. Optional, defaults to None. Returns: dict: The results of the sign operation, containing the following key/value pairs: Key Value 'unique_identifier' (string) The unique ID of the signing key used to create the signature 'signature' (bytes) The bytes of the signature 'result_status' (ResultStatus) An enumeration indicating the status of the operation result 'result_reason' (ResultReason) An enumeration providing context for the result status. 'result_message' (string) A message providing additional context for the operation result.
4884	Opens the client connection and raises an exception if the connection is already open or if an error occurs.
4885	Closes the client connection, raising an exception if an error occurs.
4886	Create a symmetric key on a KMIP appliance by specifying the algorithm, length, and optional attributes like operation policy, name, and cryptographic usage mask. Validate the input arguments, construct the key attributes, and handle the result success or failure. Raises exceptions for client connection issues, operation failures, or invalid input types. Returns the UID of the newly created symmetric key.
4887	Creates an asymmetric key pair on a KMIP appliance. Validates input arguments, constructs common and specific attributes for the key pair, and handles the operation result by returning the UIDs of the newly created public and private keys or raising an exception if the operation fails.
4888	Registers a managed object with a KMIP appliance and returns its UID. Raises exceptions for invalid input or operation failures.
4889	Rekeys an existing key with optional parameters for UID and offset, and returns the unique ID of the newly rekeyed key. Supports setting attributes such as activation_date, process_start_date, protect_stop_date, and deactivation_date. Raises exceptions for client connection issues, operation failures, or invalid input arguments.
4890	Derives a new key or secret data from existing managed objects, validates input parameters, handles object attributes, and processes the derivation result. Raises TypeError if input arguments are invalid and KmipOperationFailure if the operation result is a failure.
4891	Search for managed objects based on specified attributes. Handles maximum items, storage status mask, object group member, and attributes. Returns the unique identifiers of located objects. Raises exceptions for invalid input or failed operations.
4892	Checks the constraints for a managed object and returns the unique identifier or raises an exception if the constraints are not met. The method validates the input parameters and calls the `check` method of the `proxy` object. If the operation is successful, it returns the unique identifier; otherwise, it raises a `KmipOperationFailure` exception with the appropriate status, reason, and message.
4893	Retrieve a managed object from a KMIP appliance using its unique ID and optional key wrapping specifications, handling various errors and returning the managed object if successfully retrieved.
4894	Get the attributes associated with a managed object.
4895	Activate a managed object stored by a KMIP appliance. Raises exceptions if the client connection is unusable, the operation result is a failure, or the input argument is invalid.
4896	Revoke a managed object stored by a KMIP appliance. The method takes in the revocation reason, unique ID, revocation message, and compromise occurrence date as arguments. It checks if the input arguments are valid and raises a TypeError if they are not. If the input arguments are valid, it revokes the managed object and handles the results. If the operation is successful, it returns None. If the operation is not successful, it raises a KmipOperationFailure with the operation status, reason, and message.
4897	Get the message authentication code for data.
4898	Build a CryptographicParameters struct from a dictionary.
4899	Build an EncryptionKeyInformation struct from a dictionary.
4900	Build an MACSignatureKeyInformation struct from a dictionary.
4901	Build a KeyWrappingSpecification struct from a dictionary.
4902	Build a list of common attributes shared across symmetric and asymmetric objects
4903	Build and return a name attribute in a list.
4904	Reads the data encoding the QueryRequestPayload object and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4905	Write the data encoding the QueryRequestPayload object to a stream.
4906	Encode the QueryResponsePayload object's data into a stream based on the specified KMIP version.
4907	Reads the data encoding the GetAttributes response payload and decodes it into its constituent parts.
4908	Method for encoding the GetAttributes response payload and writing it to a data stream.
4909	Find a single entry point by iterating through files and distributions.
4910	Given a group of entry points with names,_return_a_dictionary_of_names_to_entry_point_objects.
4911	Find all entry points in a group.
4912	Load the object to which this entry point refers.
4913	Parse an entry point from the syntax in entry_points.txt.
4914	Run livereload server
4915	Generates a new project by copying template files, rewriting them with the provided project name, and moving them to the destination directory. If the project directory already exists or the project name is empty, it logs a warning and exits.
4916	Generates a controller, including the controller file, test file, and assets directory.
4917	Generates an action based on the provided arguments.
4918	Generate a form using the provided arguments.
4919	Generates a model based on the provided arguments.
4920	Generate macro based on given arguments.
4921	Create directory if it does not exist
4922	Replace vars and copy.
4923	Calculate the time gap between a given date and the current date in a human-friendly format.
4924	Check url schema.
4925	Encode something using a URLSafeSerializer with the SECRET_KEY from the current app's configuration.
4926	Decode a string using a secret key to verify its integrity and retrieve the original data.
4927	Converts the output of a function into a JSON response with an appropriate status code.
4928	Returns an absolute URL for a given endpoint by combining the site domain with the relative URL generated by `url_for`.
4929	Load config based on the current mode.
4930	Sign in user and set session properties.
4931	Gets current user
4932	Create a Flask application with configuration, security measures, logging, static files serving, and component registration.
4933	Register Jinja filters, variables, and functions in a Flask application.
4934	Register routes by importing submodules and registering blueprints from them on the Flask app.
4935	Register error handling templates for HTTP 403, 404, and 500 errors.
4936	Register hooks for the Flask app to add user information and render time to the response.
4937	Serialize the dataframe to CSV with specified delimiter and header.
4938	Returns csv data as a pandas Dataframe object by reading from a given reader with specified delimiter, header presence, and whether to skip initial whitespace.
4939	Serialize a DataFrame using a specified data type and write the output to the provided file-like object.
4940	Convenience method for deserializing a dataframe from a file-like object using a specified serialization format.
4941	Serialize the specified DataFrame and replace the existing dataset.
4942	Upload already serialized raw data and replace the existing dataset.
4943	Full URL to the dataset contents.
4944	Serialize the specified DataFrame and upload it as a new dataset.
4945	Upload already serialized raw data as a new dataset.
4946	Open and return a stream for the dataset contents.
4947	Read and return the dataset contents as binary.
4948	Reads and returns the dataset contents as text.
4949	Read and return the dataset contents as a pandas DataFrame.
4950	Get an intermediate dataset using its module node id, output port, and serialization format. Returns a Dataset object that can be accessed using various methods like open(), read_as_binary(), read_as_text(), or to_dataframe().
4951	Returns a list of experiments for the specified workspace.
4952	Returns a list of datasets for the specified workspace.
4953	Runs HTTP GET request to retrieve a single dataset.
4954	Publishes a callable function or decorates a function to be published. Returns a callable object that can be invoked to access the published service or used to obtain API details and invoke the service.
4955	Marks a function as having been published and causes all invocations to go to the remote operationalized service.
4956	Checks the types of the arguments of a function
4957	Decorator that specifies the return type for a published service
4958	Attaches a file to the payload to be uploaded. If contents are omitted, the file is read from disk. If the name is a tuple, it specifies both the on-disk filename and the destination filename.
4959	Returns a set of global variable names found in the given code's byte code.
4960	Creates a copy of the pen object
4961	Queries and returns RGBA values of a given color, which can be either an X11 color name or a brewer color set and index.
4962	Draw this shape with the given cairo context, optionally highlighting it if requested, and considering a bounding area for intersection checks.
4963	Computes the extrema of a function defined by a cubic Bernstein polynomial
4964	Evaluate polynomial of given bernstein coefficients using de Casteljau's algorithm.
4965	Build choices list runtime using 'sitetree_tree' tag
4966	Compatibility function to convert `optparse` options in management commands to Django 1.10 and later compatibility.
4967	Registers a hook function to process tree items before passing them to templates. The hook function should handle `tree_items` and `tree_sender` parameters, process the items as needed, and return a list of modified items for the template.
4968	A function that composes a dynamic site tree structure from various sources, including tree definitions from apps or an iterable of tree definitions. It allows filtering the trees to include only specific aliases and can attach items to a static tree or its item. It returns a dictionary describing the dynamic sitetree. If `src` is a string, it is treated as the name of an app, and the function attempts to import sitetrees from that app. If the app is not found, it logs a warning and returns `None`.
4969	Initializes local cache from Django cache.
4970	Empties cached sitetree data and optionally initializes the sitetree.
4971	Returns cache entry parameter value by its name.
4972	Updates the value of a key within a cache entry.
4973	Replace cache entry parameter data by its name with new data.
4974	Initializes sitetree to handle new request. Sets up context, current page, request, language, and internal state variables.
4975	Resolves an internationalized tree alias, checking if a separate sitetree is available for the currently active language. If available, returns the internationalized alias; otherwise, returns the initial alias.
4976	Returns a boolean indicating whether the current application is an Admin contrib.
4977	Calculates the depth of an item in a tree structure.
4978	Resolves the current item of a tree specified by `tree_alias` by matching the current request path against the URLs of the tree items and sets the `is_current` flag appropriately. Returns the resolved `TreeItemBase` object or `None` if no match is found.
4979	Returns the resolved URL for a given sitetree item, processing it as a URL pattern if marked as such.
4980	Initializes sitetree in memory. Returns tuple with resolved tree alias and items on success. On fail returns (None, None). Verifies the presence of the 'request' context processor and ensures that the request is the current request. Resolves the tree alias from the context and retrieves sitetree items. Returns the resolved tree alias and items if successful, otherwise returns (None, None).
4981	Retrieve the value of a specific attribute from the current sitetree item based on the given tree alias and context. If no matching item is found, return an empty string.
4982	Returns ancestor of level `depth` recursively
4983	Builds and returns menu structure for 'sitetree_menu' tag.
4984	Checks whether a current user has an access to a certain item based on user authentication and item access restrictions.
4985	Builds and returns breadcrumb trail structure for 'sitetree_breadcrumbs' tag.
4986	Builds and returns a tree structure for the 'sitetree_tree' tag.
4987	The function `children` builds and returns the site tree item children structure for the 'sitetree_children' tag. It resolves the parent item and current tree alias, marks the path to the current item, retrieves the children of the parent item, filters the items based on the navigation type, applies hooks, updates the has_children flag, sets the `sitetree_items` context, and renders the template.
4988	Returns item's children based on tree alias
4989	Updates the 'has_children' attribute for tree items in place based on the given navigation type.
4990	Returns a list of filtered sitetree item children based on hidden status, navigation type, and access permissions.
4991	Climbs up the site tree to resolve root item for a given base item.
4992	Mark items of the current branch starting from the given base item by recursively climbing up the tree.
4993	The function `resolve_var` resolves a variable name in a given context. If no context is specified, it uses `self.current_page_context`. It handles both `FilterExpression` and regular strings, resolving them within the provided context. If the variable does not exist, it returns the original variable name.
4994	Parses sitetree tag parameters.
4995	Parses sitetree_children tag parameters to render child items of a specific site tree using a given template for menu navigation. Requires six arguments.
4996	Parses sitetree_breadcrumbs tag parameters. Supports two types of notation: one with two arguments to render a breadcrumb path for a site tree, and another with four arguments to render a breadcrumb path using a specific template.
4997	Parses sitetree_menu tag parameters and renders specified site tree elements as a menu, with optional custom template.
4998	The render helper function is used by template node functions to render a given template with provided tree items in the context. The function handles the context by pushing it, adding the tree items to the context, resolving the use_template if it's an instance of FilterExpression, flattening the context if necessary, and then rendering the template. After rendering, the context is popped and the content is returned.
4999	Implement a method to construct a template node using tag parameters.
5000	Returns a URL for a given Tree admin page type, with an optional namespace prefix.
5001	Unregisters and re-registers a tree admin class.
5002	Fixes Admin contrib redirects compatibility problems introduced in Django 1.4 by url handling changes.
5003	Handle redirects based on form submission in item editor.
5004	Redirects to the appropriate item's 'continue' page on item add. Adjusts the redirection process for tree items within the tree.
5005	Redirects to the appropriate item's 'add' page after item change in a tree hierarchy by modifying the redirection process.
5006	Returns modified form for TreeItem model, adjusting 'Parent' field choices and integrating URL validation functionality.
5007	Fetches the Tree for the current or given TreeItem.
5008	Moves an item up or down by swapping the 'sort_order' field values of neighboring items.
5009	Saves TreeItem model under certain Tree. Handles item's parent assignment exception.
5010	Manages not only TreeAdmin URLs but also TreeItemAdmin URLs.
5011	Dumps sitetrees with items using django-smuggler.
5012	Dynamically creates and returns a sitetree.
5013	Dynamically creates and returns a sitetree item object with various attributes and permissions.
5014	Imports sitetree module from a given app.
5015	Returns a certain sitetree model as defined in the project settings.
5016	From a mapping or keyword arguments, create a configuration object.
5017	Create a configuration from a Python file.
5018	Load configuration values from a TOML formatted file.
5019	Create a configuration from a Python object by specifying a module and instance, or directly by passing an instance.
5020	### Output:
Creates a set of zipkin attributes for a span. It accepts parameters for sample rate, trace ID, span ID, and a flag to use 128-bit trace IDs. The function calculates whether the trace should be sampled based on the provided sample rate and generates random IDs if none are provided. It then returns a `ZipkinAttrs` object containing the trace and span information.
5021	Generate the headers for a new zipkin span.
5022	Retrieve and return the current ZipkinAttrs and generate new ones if needed.
5023	Enter the new span context. All annotations logged inside this context will be attributed to this span. All new spans generated inside this context will have this span as their parent.
5024	Exit the span context and handle logging and error tracking accordingly.
5025	Updates binary annotations for the current span based on whether it is the root span or not.
5026	Add a 'sa' binary annotation to the current span.
5027	Overrides the current span name and updates the logging context if available.
5028	Creates a new Endpoint object with default values if specified.
5029	Creates a copy of a given endpoint with a new service name.
5030	Builds and returns a V1 Span with corrected annotations based on the span kind and user-defined annotations.
5031	Encode list of protobuf Spans to binary.
5032	Converts a py_zipkin Span into a protobuf Span.
5033	hex to bytes Encodes hexadecimal ids to big-endian binary.
5034	Converts py_zipkin's Kind to Protobuf's Kind.
5035	Converts py_zipkin's Endpoint to Protobuf's Endpoint.
5036	Converts a dictionary of annotations from py_zipkin to a list of protobuf annotations.
5037	Output:
Create a zipkin annotation object.
5038	Create a zipkin binary annotation object with the given key, value, annotation type, and host.
5039	Create a Zipkin Endpoint object with network context information.
5040	Creates a copy of a given endpoint with a new service name.
5041	Reformat annotations dict to return list of corresponding zipkin_core objects.
5042	Reformat binary annotations dict to return list of zipkin_core objects. The value of the binary annotations MUST be in string format.
5043	Creates a thriftpy2 representation of a span using the provided attributes, converting timestamps from seconds to microseconds.
5044	Returns a TBinaryProtocol encoded Thrift span.
5045	Returns a TBinaryProtocol encoded list of Thrift objects.
5046	Detect the span version and encoding for the given message.
5047	Converts encoded spans to a different encoding.
5048	Stores the zipkin attributes to thread local. Deprecated, use the Tracer interface for better multi-threading support.
5049	Encodes the current span to thrift.
5050	Converts an Endpoint to a JSON endpoint dict.
5051	Encode a single span to protobuf format
5052	Decode an encoded list of spans and return a list of spans.
5053	Converts a thrift encoded endpoint to an Endpoint.
5054	Convert a list of thrift annotations to a v1 annotation.
5055	Converts a Thrift binary annotation to a v1 binary annotation.
5056	Decode a thrift span and create a Span object.
5057	This interface is used to convert a trace ID (hex value) and optional high bits to a string.
5058	Converts the provided unsigned long value to a lower-case hex string.
5059	Writes an unsigned long value across a byte array starting from a specified position.
5060	Replace illegal February 29, 30 dates with the last day of February.
5061	```python
Adds a transaction code to a tag dictionary based on a given tag and tag_dict.
```
5062	Add IPH ID to tag dictionary if present in tag slug.
5063	Collects and sets the TNR (Transaction Number Reference) in transaction details using a regular expression search on a tag dictionary. If a match is found, it updates the dictionary with the TNR value.
5064	This function parses MT940 data into a list of `Transaction` objects. It processes the input string, identifies valid tags, and creates transactions based on the tag data, applying various pre- and post-processing steps.
5065	Reads mt940 data from a file, file handler, or raw data string and returns a collection of transactions.
5066	Joins strings together and strips whitespace in between if needed.
5067	Abstraction for converting a response into a properly formatted JSON object or text.
5068	Handles the message shown when we are ratelimited
5069	Handles asynchronous HTTP requests to the API with rate limiting and error handling.
5070	```python
Gets the information of the given Bot ID.
Parses the date and replaces empty strings with None.
```
5071	Gets an object of bots with specified limit and offset on DBL
5072	Read incoming message.
5073	### Example 2:
Send an outgoing message through a write lock.
5074	Close the input and output ports.
5075	Decode Erlang external term.
5076	Encodes an Erlang external term, possibly compressing it using ZLIB.
5077	Adding a source address to the multicast group and setting up a socket for sending and receiving multicast messages.
5078	Method checks if there are any pending messages in the queue. If no messages are present, it sleeps for 0.1 seconds and exits. If messages are available, it pops the first message from the queue, checks if it can be sent, and if so, sends it, refreshes the message, and appends it back to the queue if it is not finished. If the message cannot be sent, it appends it back to the queue and sleeps for 0.01 seconds.
5079	Set a callback for when a new service comes online and sends a Hello message, optionally filtering by types and scopes. Disable the callback by setting it to `None`.
5080	Cleans up and stops the discovery server. Clears remote and local services, stops threads, and sets server started flag to False.
5081	Sends 'Bye' messages to services and removes them.
5082	Search for services using specified TYPES and SCOPES within a given TIMEOUT. Raises an exception if the server is not started. Sends a probe and filters the services accordingly.
5083	Construct a SOAP XML string based on the given action in a SOAPEnvelope object.
5084	Discover systems using WS-Discovery.
5085	Return the manager that handles the relation from this instance to the `tagged_item` class.
5086	Return a list of RelatedObject records for child relations of the given model, including ones attached to ancestors of the model.
5087	Return a list of ParentalManyToManyFields on the given model, including ones attached to ancestors of the model
5088	Save the model and commit all child relations, selectively commit specified relations or fields if provided.
5089	Build an instance of this model from the JSON-like structure passed in, recursing into related objects as required.
5090	Method for validating unique_together condition in Django forms
5091	Return True if data differs from initial. When there are nested formsets, it checks each child form to see if it has changed.
5092	Returns the address with a valid checksum attached.
5093	Generates the checksum for this address.
5094	Parse arguments for the command.
5095	Return the argument parser used to interpret arguments and options from argv.
5096	Prompts the user to enter their seed via stdin. If no seed is specified, a random one will be used instead.
5097	Validate a sequence of signature fragments to determine if they are valid using a cryptographic sponge.
5098	A method that generates a single private key using a given index and number of iterations for security.
5099	Generates the key associated with the specified address, using the key index and security level from the address. Note that the method may generate the wrong key if the input address was generated from a different key!
5100	Creates a generator for progressively generating new keys with specified start index, step, and security level.
5101	Prepares the hash sponge for the generator by seeding, absorbing a modified seed, squeezing, resetting, and re-absorbing the seed.
5102	Absorb trits into the sponge, transforming internal state in between hashes.
5103	Squeeze trits from the sponge.
5104	Transforms internal state by updating a copy of the current state using a truth table and iterating through a specified number of rounds. The function optimizes performance by avoiding global lookups and limiting list item accesses.
5105	Generates one or more key digests from the seed.
5106	Generates one or more private keys from the seed with options for starting index, count, and security level.
5107	Prepares a bundle for authorizing the spending of IOTAs from a multisig address.
5108	Adds two sequences of trits together. The result is a list of trits equal in length to the longer of the two sequences. Overflow is possible.
5109	Convert an integer to its trit representation with an optional padding.
5110	Adds two individual trits together. The result is always a single trit.
5111	Adds two trits together with carry support.
5112	Outputs the user's seed to stdout with warnings about security.
5113	Find transactions that match specified input criteria and return hashes.
5114	Returns all possible inputs of a seed and returns them, along with the total balance. The method can either generate all addresses until it finds an empty result or search within a specified key range. It allows setting a threshold to stop generating addresses once a certain balance threshold is met. If no threshold is provided, all matches in the specified range are returned.
5115	Generates one or more new addresses from the seed.
5116	Returns all transfers associated with the seed.
5117	Promotes a transaction by adding spam on top of it and returns a dictionary containing the newly-published bundle.
5118	Replays a bundle associated with a given tail transaction by attaching it to the Tangle.
5119	Prepares a set of transfers and creates the bundle, then attaches the bundle to the Tangle, and broadcasts and stores the transactions.
5120	Attaches transaction trytes to the Tangle, broadcasts, and stores them.
5121	Give a URI, returns a properly-configured adapter instance.
5122	Send an API request and decode the response from the node.
5123	Sends a message to the instance's logger, if configured.
5124	Send an HTTP request to a specified URL with various options such as payload, method, and authentication.
5125	Interprets the HTTP response from the node, raising an exception if the response is invalid or unsupported.
5126	Sets the response that the adapter will return for the specified command.
5127	Absorb a digest into the sponge while ensuring the correct order of digests is maintained for spending inputs from a multisig address.
5128	This method returns a new multisig address, but it requires that the ``add_digest`` method be called at least once before ``get_address`` can be used. If the multisig address has not already been created, the method will generate a new one using the digests that have been added so far.
5129	Create an iterator for generating new addresses progressively.
5130	Generates an address from a private key digest using Kerl sponge and trits.
5131	Generates a new address. Used in the event of a cache miss.
5132	Return a list of Transaction objects matching the specified criteria.
5133	Scans the Tangle for used addresses.
5134	Given a set of transaction hashes, returns the corresponding bundles, sorted by tail transaction timestamp.
5135	Determines which codec to use for the specified encoding.
5136	Returns information used by the codecs library to configure the codec for use.
5137	Encodes a byte string into trytes. If the input is not a byte string or bytearray, it raises a TypeError. It converts the input to bytearray and iterates over it, converting each byte into two tryte characters. The resulting trytes are returned as a binary string along with the length of the input.
5138	Return a list with pairs of reactions that are functionally identical.
5139	### Example 2:
Inputs:
```
def _find_addresses(self, seed, index, count, security_level, checksum):
    # type: (Seed, int, Optional[int], int, bool) -> List[Address]
    """
    Find addresses matching the command parameters.
    """
    generator = AddressGenerator(seed, security_level, checksum)

    if count is None:
        # Connect to Tangle and find the first address without any
        # transactions.
        for addy in generator.create_iterator(start=index):
            # We use addy.address here because FindTransactions does
            # not work on an address with a checksum
            response = FindTransactionsCommand(self.adapter)(
                addresses=[addy.address],
            )

            if not response.get('hashes'):
                return [addy]

    return generator.get_addresses(start=index, count=count)
```
Output:
Find addresses matching the command parameters.
5140	Adds a route to the wrapper, mapping a command to an adapter or URI.
5141	Creates a Transaction object from a sequence of trytes.
5142	Returns a JSON-compatible representation of the object.
5143	Returns the values needed to validate the transaction's `signature_message_fragment` value.
5144	Sets the `is_confirmed` status for all transactions in the bundle.
5145	Attempt to decode encoded messages from transactions in the bundle.
5146	Return TryteString representations of the transactions in this bundle.
5147	Groups transactions in the bundle by address and returns a list of groups, where each group contains transactions with the same address.
5148	Discover commands in the specified package, optionally recursively descending into sub-packages, and return them indexed by command name.
5149	Send the request object to the adapter and return the response. The command name will be injected into the request before sending.
5150	Applies a filter to a value and raises an exception with contextual information if the value does not pass the filter.
5151	Returns the URL to check job status for a given job ID.
5152	Returns all errors found with the bundle.
5153	Checks if the bundle is valid by appending the first error (if any) to the `_errors` list and returns `True` if there are no errors, otherwise returns `False`
5154	Creates a generator to validate transactions in a bundle, checking for invalid bundle hashes, current indices, last indices, balance, and signature validity.
5155	Validates the signature fragments in the bundle and returns a list of error messages.
5156	Validates the signature fragments for a group of transactions using the specified sponge type. Returns ``None`` if the signature fragments are valid, or an error message if they are invalid.
5157	A recursive function that traverses the Tangle, collecting transactions until it hits a new bundle. It ensures transactions are not collected from replayed bundles and is faster than `findTransactions`.
5158	htagleetcode4
5159	Generates a random seed using a CSPRNG.
5160	Generates a digest used for signing by processing the signing key through a PBKDF, resulting in a constant-length hash suitable for cryptographic algorithms.
5161	r Signs the input transactions in a bundle starting from a specified index, splitting the signature across subsequent transactions if necessary.
5162	Makes JSON-serializable objects play nicely with IPython's default pretty-printer.
5163	If trits need to be absorbed into the sponge from a buffer, adjust the trits to ensure they can be divided evenly into hashes and update the sponge with the absorbed trits.
5164	If trits is longer than the sponge's capacity, trim the excess. Offset and length are adjusted accordingly.
5165	Attaches context information to an exception.
5166	Generates a filter chain for validating a security level.
5167	Increment the transaction's legacy tag for secure bundle hash_finalization.
5168	Determines the most relevant tag for the bundle.
5169	Adds a transaction to the bundle, splitting the message into multiple transactions if it exceeds the maximum length. Raises errors if the bundle is finalized or if attempting to add negative value as input.
5170	Finalize the bundle by ensuring it is ready to be attached to the Tangle, validate the balance, generate a secure bundle hash, and copy the hash to each transaction.
5171	Signs inputs in a finalized bundle using the provided key generator, ensuring transactions with negative values are signed with the correct private keys. If the bundle is not finalized or a transaction requires signing but lacks necessary information, raises a RuntimeError or ValueError with appropriate context.
5172	Signs the input at the specified index using the provided private key.
5173	Creates transactions for the specified input address, including the address balance and additional meta transactions based on the security level.
5174	Converts between any two standard units of iota. If the input value is not valid or the unit symbol is invalid, a ValueError is raised with context.
5175	Recover x and y coordinates from the compressed point using quadratic residue.
5176	Return the modular inverse of a modulo n using the extended Euclidean algorithm
5177	Load a lexicon from a JSON file
5178	Combines words into groups based on their proximity in a given category.
5179	For a given word, returns the preferred synonym if it exists in a dictionary of synonyms, ignoring case. If no synonym is found, returns the original word.
5180	Parses a piece of text and replaces any abbreviations with their full word equivalents using the lexicon.abbreviations dictionary to find abbreviations.
5181	Split a description into parts separated by specified delimiters, converting each part into a component.
5182	return a list of category names, excluding special categories
5183	Generates a random Decor with a specified component.
5184	Make a simple plot of the Decor.
5185	Generate a default legend based on the provided name. Returns the corresponding legend object from `defaults.py`.
5186	Return a timescale legend using the `from_csv` method from the `cls` class.
5187	Generate a random legend for a given list of components.
5188	Load legends from images
5189	Read CSV text and generate a Legend.
5190	Returns the legend as a CSV string.
5191	Return the maximum width of all the Decors in the Legend. This is needed to scale a Legend or Striplog when plotting with widths turned on.
5192	Get the decor for a component, optionally filtering by specific attributes.
5193	Get the attribute of a component. If no match is found, return the specified default.
5194	Get the component corresponding to a display colour, considering a tolerance for colourspace distance, and return the best match or a default component if no match is found.
5195	Create a simple plot of the legend by calling `Decor.plot()` on all of its members.
5196	Generate a Component from a text string using a Lexicon. Returns a Component object or None if there is no must-have field.
5197	Generate summary for the given code.
5198	Returns a deprecation warning for the 'Rock' class, which was renamed to 'Component', and then returns an instance of 'Component' with the provided arguments.
5199	Processes a single row from the file, extracting values based on predefined columns and storing them in a dictionary.
5200	Read all the rows and return a dict of the results.
5201	Does striplog have a monotonically increasing depth?
5202	Summarize a Striplog with some statistics, returning a list of (Component, total thickness) tuples sorted by thickness in descending order.
5203	Convert a sequence of tops into intervals for creating a striplog.
5204	Ensure data is suitable for creating a striplog by renaming keys, sorting values, removing null-like values if specified, and handling missing top values.
5205	Reads a Petrel text file and creates a striplog, handling various parameters and cleaning the data before building intervals and returning the striplog object.
5206	Reconstructs a list of Intervals from a data dictionary, applying filters and calculating base and top values for each interval.
5207	Load data from a CSV file or text.
5208	Read an image and generate a Striplog by extracting pixel columns and mapping colors to components using a legend.
5209	Turn a 1D array into a striplog, given a cutoff.
5210	Convert LAS3 'lithology' section to a Striplog.
5211	Eat a Canstrat DAT file and make a striplog.
5212	Return a shallow copy.
5213	Generates a CSV string from the summaries of the Intervals. If a filename is provided, it saves the CSV to that file. Otherwise, it returns the CSV as a string. It allows for customization of delimiter, header, and whether to use descriptions or summaries.
5214	Converts the object to a LAS 3.0 section string, optionally using descriptions and specifying a delimiter and source.
5215	Plotting a series of rectangles in a matplotlib axis based on various properties and configurations.
5216	Gets data from a striplog field, applying a specified function or using a default value if data is None.
5217	Extract a log into the components of a striplog. The function takes a log, a basis, a name, and an optional function as input, and sets the requested attribute in the primary component of each interval.
5218	Search for a regex expression in the descriptions or summaries of a striplog, and return matching intervals or their indices.
5219	Find overlaps in a striplog.
5220	Find gaps in a striplog, returning indices of intervals with gaps after them if specified.
5221	Remove intervals based on thickness criteria. In place.
5222	Fill in empty intervals by growing from top and base.
5223	Return a copy of the object with gaps filled with the specified component.
5224	Union two striplogs.
5225	Make a new Striplog of all intersections. None if failed to determine.
5226	Merges overlapping Intervals in place by removing the overlapping parts and replacing them with the merged segment. Continues merging until no more overlaps are found. If any interval overlaps more than one other interval at either its base or top, the function will not work correctly.
5227	Plots a histogram and returns the data for it.
5228	Inverts the contents of the striplog, changing their order and the order of their contents.
5229	Crops the striplog to a new depth range specified by the extent. If copy is True, it returns a new striplog; otherwise, it operates in place. Raises an error if extent is not a 2-tuple or if the extent is outside the existing striplog.
5230	Runs a series of tests and returns the corresponding results.
5231	Converts a hexadecimal colour to its corresponding name using matplotlib's colour names. Returns the colour name as a string if found, otherwise returns None.
5232	Get a log-like stream of RGB values from an image at a specified column offset.
5233	Get a field value or "_" if the attribute is absent
5234	Lists all the jobs registered with Nomad, with an optional prefix to filter by. Returns a list of jobs. Raises exceptions if there is an issue with the Nomad API.
5235	Parse a HCL Job file and return a JSON formatted job dictionary.
5236	Update a token for a given ID using the Nomad API. Returns the updated token as a dictionary. Raises exceptions for API errors.
5237	Lists all the allocations based on an optional prefix and returns the data in JSON format.
5238	Mark a deployment as failed to stop allocation creation or trigger a rollback to a previous job version.
5239	Pause or resume a deployment in Nomad by specifying the deployment ID and the desired pause state.
5240	This method is used to manually set the health of allocations in a Nomad deployment. It accepts an ID for the deployment and lists of healthy and unhealthy allocation IDs. The method returns a dictionary. It may raise exceptions related to Nomad API issues.
5241	Toggle the drain mode of a Nomad node based on the provided ID and enable/disable status. Returns a dictionary response from the Nomad API.
5242	Toggle the drain mode of a node by enabling or disabling allocations and optionally marking it as eligible.
5243	Toggle the eligibility of a node based on the provided parameters and return the result as a dictionary.
5244	List files in an allocation directory.
5245	This endpoint streams the contents of a file in an allocation directory.
5246	Stat a file in an allocation directory. Returns a dictionary. Raises exceptions on error.
5247	Initiate a join between the agent and target peers. Returns a dictionary and may raise exceptions.
5248	Updates the list of known servers with a new list, replacing previous addresses. Returns 200 status code on success. Throws exceptions for base Nomad errors or URL not found.
5249	Force a failed gossip member into the left state. Returns a 200 status code. Raises `BaseNomadException` or `URLNotFoundNomadException`.
5250	Lists all the client nodes registered with Nomad
5251	Lists all the evaluations with an optional prefix filter.
5252	Lists all namespaces registered with Nomad, optionally filtering by a prefix.
5253	Registers a new job or updates an existing job using the provided ID and job details. Returns the job information as a dictionary. Raises exceptions if the request is invalid or the job ID is not found.
5254	Invoke a dry-run of the scheduler for the job using the given job ID and job details, with optional parameters for diff and policy override. Returns the response in JSON format.
5255	Dispatch a new instance of a parameterized job with the given ID, payload, and metadata.
5256	Revert a job to an older version using the provided job ID, version, and optional prior version check.
5257	Set the stability of a job by specifying its ID, version, and whether it should be marked as stable or not. Returns a dictionary. Raises exceptions related to Nomad API requests.
5258	Deregisters a job, and stops all allocations part of it, with the option to purge immediately or defer to the Nomad garbage collector.
5259	Query the status of a client node registered with Nomad, returning a dictionary. Optionally, specifies whether the cluster should respond without an active leader. Raises exceptions for base Nomad issues or if the URL is not found.
5260	Remove the Nomad server with the specified address from the Raft configuration and return a Boolean indicating success or failure.
5261	This function retrieves a list of deployments from the Nomad project, optionally filtering by a prefix in the deployment index.
5262	Get a random mutator from a list of mutators
5263	Gets a random mutator for the given type, converting unicode to str if necessary.
5264	Return a polyglot attack containing the original object.
5265	Performs fuzzing on the given object by modifying it randomly a specified number of times.
5266	Safely return an unicode encoded string
5267	Start the servers
5268	Kills the servers by sending a SIGKILL signal to their processes and terminates the request checker if configured. Logs the successful completion of the PJFServer.
5269	Serve a custom HTML page using the specified filepath and set appropriate headers.
5270	Serves a fuzzed JSON object, including setting headers and optionally sending a notification.
5271	Apply mutation decorators to an object.
5272	Spawns a new process using subprocess
5273	Try to get output in a separate thread.
5274	Wait until we got output or until timeout is over.
5275	Terminates the newly created process and closes its standard input, output, and error streams. It also logs a debug message indicating successful completion.
5276	Start PyJFuzz by parsing the command line and invoking the appropriate fuzzing method based on user input.
5277	Performs external fuzzing based on the provided configuration and input object.
5278	Converts the return value from PJFFactory.fuzzed to a printable structure.
5279	Generate a random string based on the specified length and character set
5280	Build the "And" instance with optional prerequisites and shortest reference-chain generation.
5281	Build the ``Quote`` instance with optional prerequisites and shortest reference-chain generation.
5282	Builds the ``Or`` instance, considering prerequisites and generating the shortest reference-chain if specified.
5283	Build the current `Opt` instance with options to specify prerequisites and generate the shortest reference-chain.
5284	Builds a `Ref` instance by fetching a rule from the `GramFuzzer` instance and constructing it.
5285	Construct the STAR field with optional prerequisites and a flag for shortest reference-chain generation.
5286	Shuts down the running process and closes the monitor.
5287	Run command once, check exit code, and monitor for SIGINT or SIGSEGV
5288	Run command in a loop and check exit status plus restart process when needed
5289	Generate a random float within a specified range. If only one argument is provided, it is interpreted as the maximum value, and the minimum value defaults to 0.0. If two arguments are provided, they define the inclusive minimum and exclusive maximum, respectively.
5290	Add a new rule definition to a category.
5291	Associate the provided rule definition name `def_name` with the category group `cat_group` in the category `cat`.
5292	Generate a specified number of rules from a given category of a context-free grammar, with optional preference for specific rule groups.
5293	Fuzz all elements inside the object, handling dictionaries and lists recursively. Apply fuzzing based on configuration parameters and exclude parameters.
5294	Get a printable fuzzed object by applying fuzzer or encoding based on the configuration options.
5295	Return the fuzzed object
5296	Function decorator to mutate a generic object based on its type.
5297	When a termination signal (SIGTERM) is received, the function first asserts that the state is either 'WAITING', 'RUNNING', or 'PAUSED'. It then logs the current state. If the state is 'WAITING', it stops the I/O loop. If the state is 'RUNNING', it passes the signal to the child process and then stops the I/O loop.
5298	Kills the child process and exits.
5299	Pauses the execution if a running child process exists, or sets the state to paused if there is no running child.
5300	Resume the state from paused to waiting.
5301	Stops the running child process and sets up a callback if the process does not exit successfully.
5302	Restarts the subprocess by setting its state to RESTARTING, killing it, and then starting it again. If the process starts successfully, sets the state to RUNNING; otherwise, sets it to WAITING.
5303	Retrieve a list of events since the last poll. Multiple calls may be needed to retrieve all events. If no events occur, the API will block for up to 30 seconds, after which an empty list is returned. As soon as an event is received in this time, it is returned immediately. Returns a list of events, possibly empty.
5304	Update the user's mood message via the Skype API.
5305	Updates the profile picture for the current user.
5306	Retrieve metadata associated with a URL using Skype's API.
5307	Retrieve all details for a specific contact by user ID.
5308	Retrieves user information by ID
5309	Retrieve a list of all known bots.
5310	Retrieves a single bot using its UUID or username. Returns the resulting bot user object.
5311	Search the Skype Directory for a user.
5312	Retrieve any pending contact requests.
5313	Create a new instance based on the raw properties of an API response.
5314	Copy properties from another object into the current object, skipping None values, and merge the raw data.
5315	Update the cache by adding or merging a given object.
5316	Follow and track sync state URLs provided by an API endpoint to implicitly handle pagination. In the first call, the provided ``url`` and ``params`` are used. If a ``syncState`` endpoint is provided in the response, subsequent calls go to the latest URL instead.
5317	Re-establish a connection using previously acquired tokens and update the connection if necessary.
5318	Store details of the current connection in a file for later re-authentication.
5319	Ensure the authentication token for the given auth method is still valid.
5320	Refresh the Skype token to extend its expiry time using the existing credentials. Raises exceptions if the login request is rejected or the login form can't be processed.
5321	Requesting the authenticated user's identifier from Skype and storing it in the connection object.
5322	Acquire a new registration token, update internal state, and optionally write the token to a file.
5323	Retrieve all current endpoints for the connected user.
5324	Checks if a Microsoft account exists for the given username or email address.
5325	interface to refresh an existing Skype token and extend its validity
5326	Request a new registration token using a current Skype token.
5327	Configures this endpoint to allow setting presence with a specified display name.
5328	Send a keep-alive request for the endpoint with a specified timeout.
5329	This function retrieves a selection of conversations with the most recent activity and stores them in the cache. Each conversation is only retrieved once, so subsequent calls will retrieve older conversations. The function returns a list of recent conversations.
5330	Retrieves a single conversation by identifier.
5331	Creates a new group chat with the given users, with the current user automatically added as an admin.
5332	Extracts the username from a Skype API URL by matching patterns like ``users/<user>`` or ``users/ME/contacts/<user>`` and returns the extracted identifier.
5333	Extracts the conversation ID from a Skype API URL.
5334	Generator repeatedly calling a function until it returns a false-y value, yielding each item in turn. The `transform` parameter can be used to map the result into an iterable using a secondary function.
5335	Return unicode text, no matter what.
5336	Tries to match a text with patterns in handlers and returns the corresponding handler instance or None
5337	A function that parses text with frontmatter, returning metadata and content. It handles defaults and automatically detects the format of the frontmatter using provided handlers. If no frontmatter is found, it returns an empty metadata dictionary (or defaults) and the original text content.
5338	Return a dictionary for serializing
5339	Parse YAML front matter using yaml.SafeLoader by default.
5340	Export metadata as YAML using `yaml.SafeDumper` by default.
5341	Convert metadata into JSON format with optional indentation.
5342	Return the match object for the current list.
5343	Returns a list of strings containing the matched items, excluding sub-items and the start pattern.
5344	Return a list of `WikiList` objects representing sub-lists inside the list at the given index with an optional starting pattern. Performance is improved if `i` or `pattern` is specified.
5345	Converts the starting pattern of the current list type to a new specified pattern.
5346	This method parses template content to create self.name and self.arguments, handling argument spans and ensuring unique spans using a dictionary and `insort`.
5347	Return the lists in all arguments. For performance reasons, it is usually preferred to get a specific Argument and use the `lists` method of that argument instead.
5348	Return a Trie representation of a list of strings and return an atomic regex pattern.
5349	Converts a trie data structure into a regular expression pattern, handling optional nodes and character sorting.
5350	Adjust start and stop index based on key input, handling both int and slice cases.
5351	Insert the given string before the specified index
5352	Partition `self.string` where `char`'s not in atomic sub-spans.
5353	Return all the sub-span including self._span.
5354	Update self._type_to_spans according to the removed span.
5355	UPDATE self._type_to_spans according to the added length.
5356	Return the nesting level of self
5357	Return a copy of `self.string` with specific sub-spans replaced. Comments blocks are replaced by spaces, and other sub-spans are replaced by underscores. The function is used for extracting tables or data inside them.
5358	Replaces the invalid chars of SPAN_PARSER_TYPES with b'_'.
For comments, all characters are replaced, but for ('Template', 'ParserFunction', 'Parameter') only invalid characters are replaced.
5359	Parses type-to-spans arguments for the pformat method, adjusting sub-spans to fit the current string scope.
5360	Marks the `pprint` method as deprecated and recommends using `pformat` instead. Warns the user about the deprecation and then calls the `pformat` method with the provided `indent` and `remove_comments` parameters.
5361	Return a list of parameter objects.
5362	Return a list of parser function objects.
5363	Return a list of templates as template objects.
5364	Return a list of wikilink objects.
5365	Return a list of comment objects.
5366	Return a list of found external link objects.
5367	Return a list of section in current wikitext.
5368	**List of table objects found in the input data.**
5369	This function returns a list of WikiList objects based on a given pattern. If no pattern is provided, it returns all types of lists (ol, ul, and dl). The pattern is used to filter the lists and can include special characters to represent different types of lists. The function also handles nested lists and definition lists.
5370	Return a list of all tags with the given name.
5371	Yield all the sub-span indices excluding self._span.
5372	Return the ancestors of the current node.
5373	Return the parent node of the current object.
5374	Returns the most common item in the list. If there are multiple items with the same highest frequency, it returns the first one encountered. If the list is empty, it raises a ValueError.
5375	Return the first argument in the args that has the given name. Return None if no such argument is found.
5376	This function normalizes the name of a template by removing comments, language codes, namespaces, underscores, consecutive spaces, and anchors. It can also capitalize the first letter of the name.
5377	Remove the first occurrences of duplicate arguments without affecting the result of the rendered wikitext. Meaningful data may be removed from the wikitext.
5378	Remove duplicate arguments in a safe manner based on name and value, or name and one being empty. Optionally appends a tag to the value of remaining duplicate arguments.
5379	Set the value for an argument, adding it if it doesn't exist.
5380	Return the last argument with the given name. Return `None` if no argument with that name is found.
5381	Function to check if an argument with a specific name exists and optionally if the value matches.
5382	Deletes all arguments with the given name.
5383	Lookup crscode on spatialreference.org and return in specified format.
5384	Search for an ellipsoid name located in this module using either an exact match or a case-insensitive match based on the `strict` parameter.
5385	Returns the CRS object from a string read from a specified URL, optionally parsing it as a given format like "ogc wkt", "esri wkt", or "proj4".
5386	Load crs object from file based on extension and content
5387	Factory that creates CS instances from EPSG codes.
5388	Loads a CRS object from an ESRI code by parsing its proj4 representation.
5389	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
5390	Detect and parse CRS (Coordinate Reference System) string format into a CRS object using appropriate methods based on the input text format.
5391	Write the raw header content and record data to the output stream.
5392	Instantiate and populate a RawVLR object by reading data from a stream.
5393	Return a list of GeoTiff keys parsed from the VLRs of a LAS file.
5394	Parses the GeoTIFF VLRs information into a list of structured GeoTiffKey objects.
5395	Returns the signedness of the given type index according to the LAS Specification.
5396	Returns the index of the type as defined in the LAS Specification.
5397	Return a new PackedPointRecord from an existing one with the ability to change to point format while doing so.
5398	Tries to copy the values of the current dimensions from other_record.
5399	Appends zeros to the array if the value to be fit is larger in size.
5400	Return all dimensions names, including the names of sub-fields and their corresponding packed fields.
5401	Creates a new point record with all dimensions initialized to zero.
5402	Construct a point record by reading points from a stream.
5403	Construct the point record by reading and decompressing the points data from the input buffer
5404	Returns the scaled x positions of the points as doubles.
5405	Returns the scaled y positions of the points as doubles.
5406	Returns the scaled z positions of the points as doubles.
5407	Adds a new extra dimension to the point record.
5408	Writes data to a stream, optionally compressing it.
5409	Write data to a file, optionally compressing it based on the file extension or explicit flag.
5410	Writes to a stream or file
5411	Builds a dictionary mapping point format IDs to NumPy data types.
5412	Builds a dictionary mapping point format IDs to numpy.dtypes with unpacked bit fields accessible directly.
5413	Tries to find a matching point format id for the input numpy dtype, matching all names and dimensions types. Raises IncompatibleDataFormat if no compatible point format is found. Returns the compatible point format id.
5414	This function returns the minimum file version that supports a given point format ID.
5415	Checks if the file version supports the given point format ID. Raises an error if the file version is not supported.
5416	Returns a list of vlrs of the requested type. Always returns a list even if there is only one VLR of the specified type.
5417	Extracts the list of vlrs of the requested type from the `vlrs` list and removes them from the original list.
5418	Reads VLRs and parses them if possible from the stream.
5419	Returns true if all the files have the same points format id.
5420	Returns true if all the files have the same numpy datatype.
5421	Exception raised when the 4 first bytes of the stream do not match the expected LASF file signature.
5422	Reads the head of the las file and returns it.
5423	Reads and returns the VLRS (Variable Length Records) from the file starting at the position defined by `self.start_pos` and the size of the header.
5424	Reads points record parts from a LAS file, handles both compressed and uncompressed data, and extracts extra dimensions if present.
5425	Reads the compressed point record from the input stream.
5426	Reads and returns the waveform VLR header and waveform record
5427	Reads the EVLRs of the file.
5428	Warn about unknown bytes found in the file.
5429	Open and read the header of the LAS content in the source.
5430	Read LAS data into memory using the pylas library. Returns a LasBase object for interacting with the LAS points & VLRs.
5431	Creates a File from an existing header by allocating the array of points according to the provided header. The input header is copied. Returns an instance of LasBase.
5432	Create a new empty LAS data object with the specified point format and file version. If the file version is not provided, it will be automatically selected based on the point format. If both the point format and file version are provided, an exception will be raised if they are not compatible. Returns a new LasData object with the given or automatically selected versions.
5433	Converts a Las from one point format to another, automatically upgrading the file version if necessary.
5434	Merges multiple LAS (Lidar Ascii Standard) files into a single LAS file. The function takes an iterable of `LasData` objects or a list of `LasData` objects as input and returns a single `LasBase` object containing the merged data. The function also ensures that all files have the same point format and adjusts the header and extra dimensions accordingly. The merged points are stored in a new array, and the original x, y, z coordinates are also merged and stored. The point source ID is updated to indicate which file each point came from.
5435	Writes the given LAS to memory using BytesIO, reads it again, and returns the newly read file. Used for testing purposes without writing to disk.
5436	Returns the creation date based on the year and day of the year stored in the las file.
5437	Returns the date of file creation as a python date object
5438	Returns the minimum values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5439	Sets the minimum values of `x`, `y`, and `z` as a numpy array.
5440	Returns the maximum values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5441	Sets the maximum values of x, y, and z as a numpy array.
5442	Returns the scaling values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5443	Returns the offsets values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5444	Seeks to the position of the last version header fields in the stream and returns the file version as a string.
5445	Converts a header to a different version.
5446	Unpacks a sub-field from a source array using a specified mask.
5447	Packs a sub field's array into another array using a mask.
5448	u Returns a list of the names of the dimensions that will be lost
    when converting from point_fmt_in to point_fmt_out.
5449	Return a dictionary of sub fields for this point format, mapping sub field names to their composed dimensions with additional information.
5450	Returns the number of extra bytes.
5451	Check if the point format has waveform packet dimensions
5452	Run demo using satel_integra library.
5453	Calculates the checksum for a given command using a CRC algorithm as per the Satel manual.
5454	Debugging method to print out data in hex.
5455	Verify checksum, strip header, footer, and replace specific bytes in received data.
5456	Return a list of positions of bits set to one in the given data.
5457	Adds a header, checksum, and footer to command data.
5458	Runs a demo of monitoring capabilities using the AsyncSatel library with specified host, port, and other parameters.
5459	Make a TCP connection to the alarm system.
5460	Start monitoring for interesting events.
5461	Sends a command to disarm the system with a given code and partition list.
5462	Sends a command to clear the alarm.
5463	Sends an output turn on command to the alarm.
5464	Send a status query to Satel Integra alarm to keep the connection alive.
5465	Start monitoring of the alarm status. Send command to satel integra to start sending updates. Read in a loop and call respective callbacks when received messages.
5466	Stop monitoring and close the connection.
5467	Clears all matching our user_id by executing a database operation within a transaction.
5468	Guess the type of a file based on its extension and optionally considers if it could be a directory.
5469	Retrieve the ID of a file in the database based on the file path.
5470	Get a notebook from the database.
5471	Build a notebook model from database record.
5472	Get a directory from the database.
5473	Convert file records by applying different models based on file type.
5474	Build a directory model from database directory record.
5475	Build a file model from the given database record.
5476	Save a notebook and return a validation message.
5477	Saves a non-notebook file
5478	Rename an object at `old_path` to `path`, moving either a file or a directory as needed. Handle exceptions for file or directory existence and raise errors for invalid operations.
5479	Deletes the object at the specified path. If the path corresponds to a file, it calls `_delete_non_directory`. If the path corresponds to a directory, it calls `_delete_directory`. If the path does not exist, it calls `no_such_entity`.
5480	Add a new user to the database if they do not already exist.
5481	Delete a user and all of their resources.
5482	Create a directory with the given `api_path` and `user_id`. If `api_path` is root (`'/'`), set `parent_name` and `parent_user_id` to `None`. Otherwise, extract the parent directory's name and `user_id`. Use the provided `db` to insert the new directory into the database.
5483	Return a WHERE clause that matches entries in a directory, parameterized on table.
5484	**Emulate lrem.**
5485	Returns whether a directory exists in the database for the given user and directory name.
5486	Return files in a directory
5487	Return subdirectories of a directory.
5488	A function that takes a user_id and an API path, splits the API path into a directory and a name, and returns a WHERE clause that matches the file name, user_id, and parent directory.
5489	Return a SELECT statement that returns the latest N versions of a file.
5490	Default fields returned by a file query.
5491	Get file data for the given user\_id, path, and query\_fields. The query\_fields parameter specifies which database fields should be included in the returned file data.
5492	Get file data for the given user_id and path. Include content only if include_content=True.
5493	### This function retrieves the file ID for a given user and API path by querying a database.
5494	Checks if a file exists by attempting to retrieve it from the database. If the file is found, returns `True`; otherwise, returns `False`.
5495	Rename a directory in the database while ensuring that the operation is valid and that existing directories are not overwritten.
5496	Save a file in the database after processing and encrypting the content, handling updates if the file already exists.
5497	Creates a generator of decrypted files, yielding them in ascending order of their timestamp.
5498	Delete all database records for the given user_id.
5499	Create a generator of decrypted remote checkpoints. Checkpoints are yielded in ascending order of their timestamp. This function selects all notebook checkpoints (optionally, falling within a datetime range), decrypts them, and returns a generator yielding dicts, each containing a decoded notebook and metadata including the user, filepath, and timestamp.
5500	Generate notebooks from a SQL table based on timestamps and other conditions.
5501	Re-encrypt a row from a specified table with a given ID.
5502	Re-encrypt all of the files and checkpoints for a single user using the provided `engine`, `user_id`, `old_decrypt_func`, `new_encrypt_func`, and `logger`.
5503	Convert a secret key and a user ID into an encryption key using PBKDF2HMAC with SHA256 and URL-safe base64 encoding.
5504	Derive a list of per-user Fernet keys from a list of master keys and a username. If a None is encountered in ``passwords``, it is forwarded.
5505	Create and return a function suitable for passing as a crypto_factory to ``pgcontents.utils.sync.reencrypt_all_users``. The factory returns a ``FernetEncryption`` that uses a key derived from the ``password`` and salted with the supplied ``user_id``.
5506	Memoizing a single-argument function.
5507	Get the name from a column-like SQLAlchemy expression. Works for Columns and Cast expressions.
5508	Convert a SQLAlchemy row to a dict without a 'content' field, raising an error if such a field exists.
5509	Convert a SQLAlchemy row containing a 'content' field to a dictionary, applying a decryption function to the 'content' field. Return None if the row is None. Raises an AssertionError if the 'content' field is missing.
5510	Create a checkpoint of the current state of a notebook and returns a checkpoint_id for the new checkpoint.
5511	Creates a checkpoint of the current state of a file and returns a checkpoint_id for the new checkpoint.
5512	Delete a checkpoint for a file.
5513	This interface is used to retrieve the content of a checkpoint based on the provided checkpoint ID and path.
5514	Return a list of checkpoints for a given file.
5515	A method that renames all checkpoints from an old path to a new path using a database session.
5516	Deletes all checkpoints for the specified path.
5517	Purge all database records for the current user.
5518	Resolve a path based on a dictionary of manager prefixes. Returns a triple of (prefix, manager, manager_relative_path).
5519	Prefixes all path entries in the model with the given prefix.
5520	Decorator for methods that accept path as a first argument.
5521	Decorator for methods that accept path as a second argument, resolving and applying prefix if needed.
5522	Decorator function to handle path dispatch for methods accepting old_path and new_path, ensuring they belong to the same manager and prefix before performing the operation.
5523	Strips slashes from directory names before updating.
5524	Handles special case for listing the root directory, processes the path, and retrieves the root model with optional extra content.
5525	returns a normalized API path by resolving '..' and raising an error if the result is outside the root.
5526	Split an API file path into directory and name.
5527	Encode a notebook as base64.
5528	Read a notebook from base64, decode it from UTF-8, and parse it. If an exception occurs, raise a CorruptedFile error with the original exception as the argument.
5529	Decodes base64 data from a file, attempting to interpret it as UTF-8; if that fails, it decodes it as ASCII.
5530	Decode base64 content for a file. Returns a triple of decoded_content, format, and mimetype.
5531	Return an iterable of all prefix directories of path, descending from root.
5532	Convert PathOutsideRoot errors to 404s.
5533	Create a user in the database using the provided database URL and user information.
5534	Given an iterable of models, separates them into a list of file paths and a list of directory paths based on the type.
5535	Recursive helper for walk.
5536	Iterate over all files visible to `mgr`.
5537	Yields the contents of all files visible to ``mgr``.
5538	Re-encrypt data for all users. This function is idempotent and achieves this by first attempting to decrypt with the old crypto and falling back to the new crypto on failure. It is important to note that decrypting a database is not supported with this function, and to decrypt an already-encrypted database, use ``unencrypt_all_users`` instead.
5539	Re-encrypts all files and checkpoints for a single user using a fallback decryption and encryption mechanism.
5540	Re-encrypt data for all users using the provided `old_crypto_factory` and log the process.
5541	Unencrypt all files and checkpoints for a single user.
5542	Write a temporary alembic.ini file for alembic migration scripts.
5543	Upgrade the given database to the specified revision using Alembic.
5544	Sanitize data for the given block, use embed serializer for conversion if available.
5545	Queue an instance to be fetched from the database.
5546	Fetch all queued instances of a specific type, save the results to `self.instances`.
5547	Insert a fetched instance into an embed block by serializing it and updating the block's data.
5548	Load data in bulk for each embed block.
5549	Validation function that checks the widget data for errors such as invalid widgets or missing required fields.
5550	Render HTML entry point for manager app.
5551	Return JSON representation for this template.
5552	Hides authenticated fields if the request context is missing or the user is not authenticated
5553	This method excludes fields from the serializer's fields based on the 'exclude' query parameter in the request.
5554	Get the latest article with the given primary key, handling version and preview ID from the request's query parameters if provided.
5555	Optionally filters articles based on query parameters such as `topic`, `section`, `tags`, and `author`, and optimizes queries by prefetching related data and ordering by the latest update time.
5556	Return a filtered queryset based on the request's query parameter and sort it by the 'updated_at' field in descending order.
5557	Overrides the default get_attribute method to convert None values to False
5558	Checks that the given widget contains the required fields
5559	Checks that the given zone contains the required fields.
5560	Check if the provided id is a valid UUID.
5561	Returns 'admin' if the user is in the 'Admin' group or is a superuser, otherwise returns an empty string.
5562	Modify the user's permissions based on the specified group
5563	Raise a ValidationError if data does not match the expected author format.
5564	Save widget data for this zone.
5565	Returns data from each field.
5566	Prepare widget data for template.
5567	Render the widget as HTML.
5568	Retrieve the settings for this integration as a dictionary. Remove all hidden fields if `show_hidden=False`.
5569	Receive an OAuth callback request from Facebook, authenticate with Facebook using the provided payload, fetch pages belonging to the authenticated user, and return the pages.
5570	Return settings for the given integration as a dictionary. If the integration does not exist or the settings are invalid, return an empty dictionary.
5571	Updates settings for a given integration by getting or creating it, merging the existing settings with the new ones, and then saving the updated settings.
5572	Handles user signup requests. Processes an invite by checking its expiration date, validating a signup form, saving the user with associated details, and redirecting based on permissions.
5573	A function that encloses each item in `contents` with an HTML tag of type `tagname`.
5574	Renders the contents of the zone with the given zone_id, depending on the zone's widget and handling exceptions if not found.
5575	Handles saving the featured image. If data is `None`, the featured image will be removed. Deals with image data containing 'image_id', 'caption', and 'credit'.
5576	Saves the subsection to the parent article
5577	Returns the file extension by removing the period from the extension obtained using os.path.splitext(self.img.name)[1]. If the file has no extension, it returns an empty string.
5578	returns the medium size image URL.
5579	Custom save method to process thumbnails and save image dimensions.
5580	Processes and saves a resized thumbnail version of the image.
5581	Attempts to connect to the MySQL server. Returns a connected MySQL db if successful, None otherwise.
5582	Wrap a fileobj in a bandwidth limited stream wrapper.
5583	Read a specified amount
5584	Consumes an amount of bytes specified by `amt` based on a `request_token`. It checks if the request can be scheduled or if it would exceed the maximum allocated bandwidth, and raises a `RequestExceededException` if necessary. Returns the amount consumed.
5585	Schedules a wait time to be able to consume an amount, updates the total wait time, and returns the calculated wait time.
5586	Processes a scheduled consumption request that has completed, updating the total wait time based on the consumed request's retry information.
5587	Calculates the projected rate based on a provided amount and time using an exponential moving average.
5588	Record the consumption rate based on the amount consumed and the time at which it occurred, updating the exponential moving average rate accordingly.
5589	Downloads the contents of an object in an S3 bucket to a local file.
5590	Poll for the result of a transfer
5591	Retrieves callbacks of a specific type from a transfer future subscriber.
5592	Filter a dictionary by a list of whitelisted keys.
5593	Decrement the count by one, ensuring it does not go below zero. If the count reaches zero after decrement and the counter is finalized, execute a callback function.
5594	Finalize the counter. Once finalized, the counter can never be incremented, and the callback can be invoked when the count reaches zero.
5595	Checks if a file is a special UNIX file (character special device, block special device, FIFO, or socket).
5596	Acquire semaphore with an optional tag and blocking behavior. Returns a token for releasing the semaphore.
5597	Releases the semaphore, logging the release with a tag and acquire token.
5598	Get a chunksize close to the current one that fits within all S3 limits.
5599	Queue an IO write task for submission to the IO executor. This method handles submitting the task after obtaining the IO write task using the provided file object, data, and offset. It may defer submission if necessary.
5600	Gets an IO write task for the requested set of data. This task can be ran immediately or be submitted to the IO executor for it to run. Parameters include a file-like object, data to write, and an offset. Returns an IO task to write data to a file-like object.
5601	Retrieves a class for managing output for a download based on the type of output
5602	Downloads an object and places content into io queue
5603	Pulls off an io queue to write contents to a file.
5604	This method determines whether to return any writes that can be submitted based on new incoming data. If the data is at a higher offset and not already pending, it will attempt to push the write into a heap and return any contiguous writes that can now be submitted.
5605	Determine if a file-like object is seekable; return True if it is, otherwise False.
5606	Uploads a file to S3.
5607	Downloads a file from S3.
5608	Copies a file in S3, handling various parameters and returning a transfer future.
5609	Delete an S3 object.
5610	Shutdown the TransferManager. It will wait for all transfers to complete before shutting down completely. If `cancel` is True, it will cancel all in-progress transfers with the specified `cancel_msg`.
5611	Cancels all inprogress transfers by calling cancel() on all tracked transfer coordinators.
5612	Wait until there are no more in-progress transfers, handling KeyboardInterrupt and ignoring general exceptions.
5613	Reads a specific amount of data from a stream, using initial data first if available, and yields part bodies from the initial data if needed.
5614	Wraps data with interrupt reader and file chunk reader.
5615	Retrieves a class for managing input for an upload based on file type.
5616	Sets the exception on the future, but only if the transfer is complete.
5617	Set a result for the TransferFuture, implying the transfer succeeded.
5618	Set an exception for the TransferFuture, indicating that the transfer has failed.
5619	Waits until TransferFuture is done and returns the result. If the TransferFuture succeeded, it will return the result. If the TransferFuture failed, it will raise the exception associated with the failure.
5620	Cancels the TransferFuture with an optional message and exception type.
5621	Submits a task to a provided executor.
5622	Add a done callback to be invoked when transfer is done.
5623	Adds a callback to call upon failure
5624	Announce that the future is done running and execute associated callbacks. If the transfer failed, it will run failure cleanups. It will unblock the result() and run any done callbacks if they haven't been executed already.
5625	Submit a task to complete.
5626	Adds a callback to be called once the future is done, with no arguments passed to the callback.
5627	Uploads a file to an S3 object.
5628	Download an S3 object to a file, handling exceptions and renaming the temporary file.
5629	Find functions with step decorator in parsed file.
5630	Get the arguments passed to step decorators converted to Python objects.
5631	Find the step with old_text and change it to new_text. The step function parameters are also changed according to move_param_from_idx.
5632	A generator function that iterates through a parsed Python file tree and yields the definition nodes of functions decorated with 'step'.
5633	Retrieve arguments passed to step decorators and convert them to Python objects.
5634	Find the step with old_text and change it to new_text. The step function parameters are also changed according to move_param_from_idx. Each entry in this list should specify parameter position from old.
5635	Selects the default parser for loading and refactoring steps, with an option to revert to the old `redbaron` parser for Python 3 syntax support.
5636	Lists team memberships for a team, by ID, and returns a generator that yields all team memberships returned by the query.
5637	Add someone to a team by Person ID or email address; optionally making them a moderator.
5638	Update a team membership by ID. Set to True to make the person a team moderator. Raises TypeError if parameter types are incorrect and ApiError if Webex Teams cloud returns an error.
5639	Deletes a team membership by ID.
5640	This function retrieves a cat fact from the catfact.ninja API and returns it as a string.
5641	```markdown
Respond to inbound webhook JSON HTTP POSTs from Webex Teams, extract message details, and reply with a cat fact if the message contains "/CAT".
```
5642	Returns a generator container that yields room memberships based on specified filters.
5643	Deletes a membership by its ID.
5644	For a given base URL, this function validates that it includes a protocol (scheme) and a network location (netloc). If both components are present, it returns the URL. If either is missing, it raises a ValueError with a descriptive message.
5645	Check if a given string is a validly-formatted web URL.
5646	Open a local file and return an EncodableFile tuple.
5647	Checks if an object is an instance of one of the acceptable types or None.
5648	Creates a dictionary from the given items, pruning any that are `None`.
5649	Check response code against the expected code; raise ApiError.
5650	Return a Python dictionary with the contents of the JSON object.
5651	Converts a string to a datetime object using the Webex Teams DateTime format with a specified time zone.
5652	List rooms and returns a generator container that yields all rooms returned by the query.
5653	Create a new room. The authenticated user is automatically added as a member of the room. Raises TypeError if the parameter types are incorrect, or ApiError if the Webex Teams cloud returns an error.
5654	Update details for a room by ID.
5655	Deletes a room by its ID, handling type checking and potential API errors.
5656	Lists all licenses for a given organization, iterating through the results to yield license objects.
5657	Get creation date and time in ISO8601 format.
5658	Attempt to get the access token from the environment by checking the current and legacy environment variables. If an access token is found in a legacy variable, a deprecation warning will be raised. Returns the access token found, or None.
5659	Create a webhook with specified parameters.
5660	Update a webhook, by ID. This requires the appropriate parameters for updating the webhook details.
5661	Deletes a webhook by its ID. Raises exceptions for incorrect parameter types or API errors.
5662	Remove the `max=null` parameter from a URL, ensuring it's valid for subsequent requests.
5663	Enable or disable automatic rate-limit handling.
5664	Update the HTTP headers used for requests in this session by merging provided updates into the session headers.
5665	Given a relative or absolute URL, returns an absolute URL.
5666	HTTP operation with support for Webex Teams rate-limiting and response code checks.
5667	Send a GET request to an API endpoint with optional parameters and error handling.
5668	Generator that GETs and yields pages of data with support for RFC5988 Web Linking. Raises ApiError for unexpected response codes.
5669	Return a generator that GETs and yields individual JSON `items`. Yields individual `items` from Webex Teams's top-level {'items': [...]} JSON objects. Provides native support for RFC5988 Web Linking. The generator will request additional pages as needed until all items have been returned.
5670	Sends a PUT request to a specified URL with optional JSON or data payload, handling expected response codes and parsing the JSON response.
5671	Sends a DELETE request.
5672	This function is used to create a new guest issuer with an API access token by providing the guest issuer's subject, display name, issuer token, expiration time, and a secret for signing the guest issuer. It validates the input parameters, generates a JSON Web Token (JWT) using the provided secret, and sends a POST request to the Webex Teams Cloud to authenticate the guest issuer. If successful, it returns a `GuestIssuerToken` object with a valid access token.
5673	Lists messages in a room. Returns a generator that yields messages based on the specified parameters, supporting pagination and sorting by creation date in descending order.
5674	Post a message and optionally an attachment to a room. The `files` parameter is a list that currently only accepts one file. Valid parameters include `roomId`, `toPersonId`, `toPersonEmail`, `text`, `markdown`, and `files`. Returns a `Message` object with details about the created message. Raises errors for incorrect parameter types, a list of files longer than one, or invalid URL/file paths.
5675	Deletes a message using its ID. Raises exceptions for incorrect parameter types or API errors.
5676	Create a new user account for a given organization. Only an admin can create a new user account.
5677	Retrieves a person's details by ID using the Webex Teams API.
5678	Update details for a person, by ID. Only an admin can update a person's details.
5679	Removes a person from the system. Only an admin can perform this action.
5680	Get the details of the person accessing the API.
5681	Lists all roles using the provided request parameters and returns a GeneratorContainer yielding role objects.
5682	List teams to which the authenticated user belongs. Supports pagination via RFC5988 Web Linking. Returns a generator container that yields all teams returned by the query, automatically requesting additional pages as needed. The container is safe for reuse, with new API calls made using the same parameters when a new iterator is requested.
5683	Create a team. The authenticated user is automatically added as a member of the team.
5684	Update details for a team, by ID.
5685	Deletes a team.
5686	Lists events in your organization, filtering by various parameters such as resource type, event type, actor ID, and date range. Returns a generator container that incrementally yields all events returned by the query, supporting pagination using RFC5988 Web Linking.
5687	Serialize data to an frozen tuple.
5688	Exchange an Authorization Code for an Access Token to invoke the APIs.
5689	The date and time of the person's last activity.
5690	Responds to inbound webhook JSON HTTP POST from Webex Teams. Extracts and logs room, message, and sender details. Checks if the bot sent the message to prevent loops. If a message contains "/CAT", posts a cat fact to the same room.
5691	Retrieve the public HTTP URL of the ngrok client API.
5692	Find and delete a webhook by name.
5693	Create a Webex Teams webhook pointing to the public ngrok URL.
5694	Delete previous webhooks. If local ngrok tunnel, create a webhook.
5695	Reads and prints DSMR data from a specified device or TCP host, handling connections, logging, and reconnects on interruption.
5696	Read complete DSMR telegrams from the serial interface and parse them into CosemObject's and MbusObject's. Returns a generator.
5697	Reads complete DSMR telegrams from the serial interface and parses them into CosemObject's and MbusObject's, then pushes them to the provided queue for asynchronous processing.
5698	Creates and returns a DSMR asyncio protocol based on the specified version and settings.
5699	Creates a DSMR asyncio protocol coroutine using serial port.
5700	Creates a TCP DSMR asyncio protocol coroutine using TCP connection.
5701	Adds incoming data to buffer and handles telegrams
5702	Stop the client. This sends a signal to the client's main task, which makes it terminate.
5703	Send off parsed telegram to handling callback.
5704	Parse a telegram string into a dictionary of CosemObject and MBusObject instances based on the specified object signatures and their parsers.
5705	Get the version of the package from the given file by executing it and extracting the given `name`.
5706	Ensure compatibility for a list of Python version specifiers.
5707	Find all of the packages in the specified directory or the current directory if no directory is specified.
5708	Create a command class with optional prerelease command, package data specification, and data files specification.
5709	Return a Command for executing a given function.
5710	Echos a command before running it. Defaults to repo as cwd
5711	Return a Command that checks for the existence of certain files. Raises a ValueError if any files are missing.
5712	Wrap a setup command with a list of other commands to run prior to it, with an option to raise errors when a pre-command fails.
5713	Return a package_data and data_files handler command.
5714	Expand data file specs into valid data files metadata.
5715	Expand file patterns to a list of package_data paths.
5716	Translates and compiles a glob pattern to a regular expression matcher, optionally ignoring case.
5717	Iterate over all the parts of a path. Splits path recursively with os.path.split().
5718	Translates a glob PATTERN to a regular expression.
5719	Join translated glob pattern parts with special handling for '**' to match zero or more directories.
5720	Translate a glob pattern part to a regular expression.
5721	Send DDL to truncate the specified `table`
5722	Sends DDL to create the specified table.
5723	Send DDL to create the specified `table` indexes.
5724	Sends DDL to create the specified `table` triggers.
5725	Sends DDL to create the specified table constraints.
5726	Write the contents of a table using a reader object.
5727	Examine row data from MySQL and alter values for compatibility with PostgreSQL via the copy command
5728	Write DDL of the given table's indexes to the output file.
5729	Write DDL of `table` constraints to the output file
5730	Write TRIGGERs existing on table to the output file.
5731	Return an approximate number of queued tasks in the queue.
5732	Enqueue task with specified data.
5733	Submit an answer and the response will appear immediately above.
5734	Create a queue that always applies an extra predicate.
5735	Return the ISO string representation of dates and datetimes, otherwise raise a TypeError.
5736	Closes the existing database connection and re-opens it.
5737	Returns the first row returned for the given query.
5738	Returns a new connection to the database.
5739	This function runs a set of InsertWorkers to record their performance in inserting rows into a database table. It starts the workers, waits for a specified workload time, stops the workers, and then calculates and prints the total number of rows inserted and the insertion rate per second.
5740	Returns an aggregator connection.
5741	Searches for a global variable name by its value and prints it
5742	Returns the number of connections cached by the pool
5743	OperationalError's are emitted by the _mysql library for almost every error code emitted by MySQL.  Because of this we verify that the error is actually a connection error before terminating the connection and firing off a PoolConnectionException.
5744	Builds a simple expression from key-value pairs, ready to be added to a query, with each key and value formatted as a column name and parameterized value respectively.
5745	Builds an SQL update query for a given table name and fields.
5746	Establishes a connection to a database using specified host, port, user, password, and database name. Raises an exception if no database name is provided.
5747	Initialize the required tables in the database.
5748	Destroy the SQLStepQueue tables in the database.
5749	Start a step and handle potential overlaps or finishing states.
5750	Stop a step and update its duration.
5751	Converts datetime strings in step dictionaries to datetime objects.
5752	Disconnects from the WebSocket connection and joins the Thread.
5753	Redundantly set the reconnect_required and close the socket.
5754	Connects to a websocket and handles reconnections if required.
5755	Handles and passes received data to the appropriate handlers.
5756	Stops ping, pong and connection timers.
5757	Sends a ping message to the API and starts a timer to check for a pong response.
5758	Checks if a Pong message was received and handles the connection accordingly.
5759	Sends the given payload to the API via the websocket connection. Handles authentication and different payload formats based on input parameters.
5760	Resumes the connection by clearing the paused flag and re-subscribing to all channels.
5761	Distributes system messages to the appropriate handler based on the event type.
5762	Handle INFO messages from the API and issue relevant actions based on the message code.
5763	```For the given input code, the summary is: Handles error messages by logging them accordingly based on a dictionary of error codes. If an unknown error code is received, it logs an error message indicating that the unknown error code was received and attempts to reconnect.```
5764	Handles data messages by passing them up to the client.
5765	Resubscribes to all channels in `self.channel_configs`, optionally unsubscribing first.
5766	Handles authentication responses by adding channel and user identifiers to respective dictionaries.
5767	Handles configuration messages.
5768	**Summary:** Updates the timestamp for a given channel ID by attempting to set it in the `last_update` dictionary and logging a warning if the channel ID is not found.
5769	This method resets the client by reconnecting to the connection using `reconnect()`. It waits until the connection is established, then sends a message for each key in `self.channel_configs` using `send()`.
5770	Return a queue containing all received candles data for a specific symbol pair and timeframe.
5771	Sends configuration settings to a websocket server
5772	Subscribe to the passed pair's ticker channel.
5773	Unsubscribe from a specific ticker channel
5774	Subscribe to the passed pair's order book channel.
5775	Unsubscribe from the passed pair's order book channel.
5776	Subscribe to the passed pair's raw order book channel.
5777	Unsubscribes from the passed pair's raw order book channel.
5778	Subscribes to the trades channel for a given symbol pair.
5779	Unsubscribe to the trades channel of a specified currency pair
5780	Subscribes to the OHLC data channel for the specified trading pair and time frame.
5781	Unsubscribes from the specified cryptocurrency pair's OHLC data channel.
5782	Authenticate with the Bitfinex API.
5783	Cancel one or multiple orders via Websocket.
5784	Called when a device command message is received, parses the source device from the topic string, and passes the information to the registered device command callback.
5785	Processing incoming device commands, extracting the command from the message, and calling the registered device command callback.
5786	Parse a notification message from a topic string and pass it to the registered callback.
5787	This method registers one or more new device types using a POST request to the API endpoint "api/v0002/device/types". It checks the response status code: if it is 201 (indicating successful creation), it returns a `DeviceType` object created from the response JSON. If the status code is not 201, it raises an `ApiException` with the response.
5788	This method publishes an event to the Watson IoT Platform, building the topic based on the provided event name and message format, and then calling `_publishEvent` with the details.
5789	Update an existing device by sending a PUT request to the device API.
5790	Iterate through all Connectors, filtering by status and connection time.
5791	List all device management extension packages using an API call. If the response status code is 200, return the JSON data. Otherwise, raise an ApiException with the response.
5792	Creates a new device management extension package. In case of failure, it throws an APIException.
5793	Sends a request to update a schema and raises an APIException on failure.
5794	Disconnect the client from IBM Watson IoT Platform
5795	Handles the connection response from an MQTT broker and manages subscriptions.
5796	Subscribe to device event messages based on provided parameters such as typeId, deviceId, eventId, msgFormat, and qos. Return the Message ID if the subscription is successful, otherwise return 0.
5797	Subscribe to device status messages.
5798	Subscribes to device command messages with optional parameters for typeId, deviceId, commandId, and msgFormat. Returns the Message ID if the subscription is successful, or 0 if it fails.
5799	Publish a command to a device
5800	Unhandled Message Received.
5801	Internal callback for device event messages, parses source device from topic string and passes the information on to the registered device event callback.
5802	Parses a device status message and passes it to a registered callback.
5803	Handles application command messages by parsing source application from the topic string and passing the information on to a registered application status callback, while logging errors for invalid events.
5804	Retrieves the last cached message for specified event from a specific device.
5805	Retrieves a list of the last cached message for all events from a specific device.
5806	Retrieves bulk devices with optional parameters and returns the JSON response. Raises an exception on HTTP failure.
5807	Initiates a device management request, such as reboot. In case of failure, it throws an ApiException.
5808	Get a list of device management request device statuses or an individual device management request device status.
5809	Force a flush of the index to storage. Renders index inaccessible.
5810	Returns the number of objects that intersect the given coordinates.
5811	Returns the ``k``-nearest objects to the given coordinates.
5812	Returns the bounds of the index.

If `coordinate_interleaved` is None, it uses the value of the `interleaved` attribute of the index. If `interleaved` is True, the coordinates are returned in the form [xmin, ymin, ..., kmin, xmax, ymax, ..., kmax]. Otherwise, they are returned in the form [xmin, xmax, ymin, ymax, ..., ..., kmin, kmax].

Parameters:
- `coordinate_interleaved` (bool): If True, the coordinates are returned in the form [xmin, ymin, ..., kmin, xmax, ymax, ..., kmax]. If False, they are returned in the form [xmin, xmax, ymin, ymax, ..., ..., kmin, kmax]. If not specified, the value of the `interleaved` attribute of the index is used, which defaults to True.

Returns:
- bounds: The bounds of the index.
5813	Deletes items from the index with the given 'id' within the specified coordinates.
5814	Given an iterable stream of data, this function instantiates the index by filling pointers to individual entries that will be added to the index.
5815	This function is not implemented and must be overridden. It returns an error message and an exception.
5816	Deletes the item from the container within the specified coordinates. Raises an IndexError if the object is not in the index.
5817	Checks the return result and raises an error if it's non-zero, with a specific error message. If the result is zero, returns True.
5818	Attempt an import of the specified application.
5819	Initializes Flask app with Common, configures WhiteNoise, sets up cache, and adds request callbacks.
5820	Boots the Flask application using either the Flask development server for debugging or Gunicorn for production.
5821	Convert value to native format using DRF version check and request context.
5822	Crops an image to a specified width and height, centered around a primary point of interest (ppoi). The ppoi determines which side is trimmed (left/right or top/bottom) based on the image's aspect ratio compared to the target aspect ratio. The resulting image is then resized to the specified dimensions using high-quality downsizing.
5823	Return a BytesIO instance of `image` cropped to `width` and `height`, cropped inwards centered on the Primary Point of Interest.
5824	Return a BytesIO instance of `image` that fits in a bounding box with dimensions `width`x`height`.
5825	Invert the colors of an image and return a BytesIO instance.
5826	Ensure data is prepped properly before handing off to ImageField.
5827	Process the field's placeholder image by ensuring it is saved to the correct storage class and top-level folder, and return its name.
5828	Before saving a model instance with a VersatileImageField, the field's value is updated using the parent class's pre_save method, and then the ppoi_field is updated.
5829	Updates the ppoi field of an instance before it is saved, if it is defined.
5830	Handle data sent from MultiValueField forms that set ppoi values.
5831	Return a formfield with custom defaults based on the field's configuration.
5832	Prepare field for serialization by handling different Django version.
5833	Discover versatileimagefield.py modules. Iterate over django.apps.get_app_configs() and discover versatileimagefield.py modules.
5834	Unregister the SizedImage subclass currently assigned to `attr_name`. Raises `NotRegistered` if no SizedImage subclass is registered to `attr_name`.
5835	Unregister the FilteredImage subclass currently assigned to attr_name.
5836	Return the appropriate URL based on certain conditions.
5837	Build the filters and sizers for a field.
5838	Method returns the location where filtered images are stored.
5839	Returns the location where sized images are stored.
5840	Return the location where filtered + sized images are stored.
5841	Output:
Delete files in `root_folder` which match `regex` before file ext.
5842	Preprocess an image. An API hook for image pre-processing. Calls any image format specific pre-processors (if defined). Ensures the image is properly rotated and any embedded ICC profile is preserved. If a format-specific pre-processor is available, it is called with the image and additional save keywords are updated. Returns the processed image and additional save keywords.
5843	Receive a PIL Image instance of a GIF and return a tuple containing the original image and a dictionary with the transparency key.
5844	Converts a PIL Image instance of a JPEG to RGB and returns a tuple containing the converted image and a dictionary with the quality setting.
5845	Return a PIL Image instance and its metadata from the specified path.
5846	Save an image to self.storage at the specified save_path.
5847	Returns PPOI value as a string with each element separated by '__' and decimal points replaced by '-'.
5848	Create a resized image based on the specified dimensions. Utilizes a placeholder image if no path is provided and saves the resized image at the designated location.
5849	Render the widget as an HTML string, supporting Django < 1.11.
5850	The main logic for rendering the context with a widget, handling both template and manual builds, and adding additional attributes for functionality like file clearance and image previews.
5851	Return an attribute dictionary built from base attributes and optionally updated with extra attributes.
5852	Return a path for a resized image based on the given dimensions and filename key, ensuring it is suitable for storage.
5853	Returns the 'filtered path' based on the input image path, filename key, and storage directory.
5854	Validate a list of size keys, ensuring each key follows the specified format.
5855	Build a URL from the given image key.
5856	Return a validated and prepped Rendition Key Set from settings.VERSATILEIMAGEFIELD_RENDITION_KEY_SETS
5857	Format a raw `Instruction` into a human-readable text representation.
5858	Generator which yields the string representation of a function, including its type, parameters, return value, and local variables, formatted line by line. The function also decodes bytecode and indents each instruction based on its block level.
5859	Decodes raw bytecode into `Instruction`s.
5860	Decodes raw WASM modules, yielding `ModuleFragment`s.
5861	Deprecates a function, printing a warning on the first usage.
5862	Connect to the server.
5863	Close the connection
5864	Parse a response from the AGI and parse it into a dictionary.
5865	Handle incoming FastAGI requests and route them accordingly.
5866	Parse AGI results using Regular expression.
5867	Checks the AGI code and returns a dictionary for error handling.
5868	Headquarters for frame reader.
5869	Get a string representation of each instance for debugging purposes
5870	Returns metadata from a package directory.
5871	Return primary key properties for a SQLAlchemy model.
5872	Deserialize a serialized value to a model instance. If the parent schema is transient, create a new (transient) instance; otherwise, attempt to find an existing instance in the database.
5873	Retrieve an existing instance from the database based on a query and a value, ensuring it exists or raising NoResultFound if not.
5874	Updates the declared fields with fields converted from the SQLAlchemy model.
5875	Deserialize data to internal representation.
5876	Given a serialized dictionary of attributes, separates those that are associated with association proxies from those that are not, specifically for Python versions prior to 3.6.0, where the order of kwargs is non-deterministic. Ignores invalid keys at this point, and behavior for unknowns should be handled elsewhere.
5877	Deletes old stellar tables and deletes orphan snapshots after deletion.
5878	Takes a snapshot of the database
5879	Returns a list of snapshots with their names and creation times in a human-readable format.
5880	Restores the database from a snapshot, handling different scenarios based on the presence of a snapshot name and checking if slaves are ready before proceeding with the restoration.
5881	Removes a snapshot by name
5882	Renames a snapshot from `old_name` to `new_name`, providing feedback if the old snapshot doesn't exist or if a snapshot with the new name already exists.
5883	Replaces a snapshot by removing the existing one and creating a new one with the same name.
5884	Updates the indexes after each epoch for shuffling.
5885	Defines the default function for cleaning text. This function operates over a list.
5886	Apply a function to each element of a list in parallel using a pool of process threads.
5887	Return a function that cleans and tokenizes text based on the given parameters.
5888	Applies a sequence of cleaners and tokenizer to the input text to produce a processed text.
5889	Apply cleaners and tokenizer to a list of texts in parallel.
5890	Generate document length statistics for padding strategy
5891	Convert word counts to a pandas dataframe and sort by frequency.
5892	Maps a parameter type to its corresponding main and sub types, handling various cases and defaulting to `str` for unmapped types.
5893	Parses the `conduit.query` json dict response, extracting interface details and organizing them into a dictionary that a `Resource` can understand. It handles parsing parameters, determining optionality and parameter types, and setting default values.
5894	Return the inverse of this bidict.
5895	Update items, rolling back on failure.
5896	Return a shallow copy of the object.
5897	A shallow copy of this ordered bidict.
5898	Return True if the order-sensitive equality check between self and other passes.
5899	Yield the inverse items of the provided object.
5900	Remove all items from the self object
5901	Move an existing key to the beginning or end of this ordered bidict. The item is moved to the end if *last* is True, else to the beginning.
5902	Returns the file name of a newly created temporary file with some initial text written to it.
5903	Gets a list of contacts from one or more address books, filtered by a query and sorted by the specified field.
5904	Merges parsed command line arguments into a configuration object.
5905	Load all address books with the given names from the config.
5906	Prepare the search query strings from command line args for filtering vCards based on source and target searches.
5907	Ask for address book to create new contact Check for data in stdin If data is in stdin, create new contact and modify in editor if required Otherwise, create new contact
5908	Prints a birthday contact table, filtering and sorting contacts by their birthday date, and formatting the output based on the `parsable` parameter.
5909	Output:
Generate a phone application friendly contact table based on search terms and vcard list.
5910	Print a user-friendly table of contacts.
5911	Modifies a contact using data from standard input or a file, and opens it in an external editor if specified.
5912	Remove a contact from the addressbook with or without confirmation.
5913	Open the vcard file for a contact in an external editor.
5914	Merges two contacts into one. It checks the arguments, finds possible target contacts, and ensures that the target contact is unique. It then selects a source contact and merges it into the target contact, handling cases where the chosen contacts are already identical.
5915	Copy or move a contact to a different address book.
5916	This interface is used to get the name of the action associated with a given alias from the action_map dictionary. If no action is associated with the alias, it returns None.
5917	Method to convert a boolean configuration value from a ConfigObj object. If the value is "yes", it is converted to True. If the value is "no", it is converted to False. If the value is not present in the config object, the default value is used. If the value is neither "yes" nor "no", a ValueError is raised.
5918	Use this to create a new and empty contact.
5919	Create a new contact from an existing .vcf file.
5920	Use this to create a new contact from user input.
5921	Clone an existing contact and replace its data with new user input in one step.
5922	### Example 2:
Get a part of the "N" entry in the vCard as a list based on the specified name part ("prefix" or "given"). Returns an empty list if the part does not exist or contains only empty strings. Returns the part as a list, ensuring it is always a list even if a single entry is provided.
5923	Add categories to vcard
5924	Parse type value of phone numbers, email and post addresses.
5925	Converts list to string recursively supporting nested lists with a specified delimiter.
5926	Converts a date string to a datetime object by trying multiple date and datetime formats.
5927	Calculate the minimum length of initial substrings of uid1 and uid2 for them to be different.
5928	Search in all fields for contacts matching the query. Yields all found contacts.
5929	Method for searching contacts by name matching a query. Yields matching contacts.
5930	Search for contacts with a matching UID. The function attempts to find a contact with an exact UID match and, if none is found, returns all contacts whose UID starts with the given query. The function yields the found contacts as a generator of `carddav_object.CarddavObject`.
5931	Search for contacts in an address book based on a query and a search method.
5932	Create a dictionary of shortened UIDs for all contacts.
5933	```python
Return the shortened UID for the given UID or an empty string if no short UID is found.
```
5934	Returns a generator of the paths of vcard files that match the search criteria.
5935	Load all vcard files in the address book from disk, optionally filtering by a query and/or speed up parsing by applying the search directly on the .vcf files. Returns the number of successfully loaded cards and the number of errors.
5936	Method for retrieving a specific address book by its name.
5937	Dict of architectures for assembling via keystone
5938	Disassembling architectures initialization for capstone
5939	Get arguments specification permissively for Cython functions
5940	Dispatches given list of arguments using given parser, calls the relevant function and prints the result.
5941	Prompts user for input while handling prompt message encoding appropriately.
5942	Helper function to encode the given value for writing to a file object, handling both Unicode and binary data types based on Python version and file object encoding.
5943	Adds types, actions, etc. to given argument specification based on default values and choices.
5944	Adds functions as commands to an argparse parser.
5945	Function decorator to set a custom command name for a function. The name is used verbatim without any further processing. Usage example and version added information are provided.
5946	Declares an argument for a given function. Does not register the function or modify it in any way. The decorator's signature matches that of :meth:`argparse.ArgumentParser.add_argument`, with some keywords not required if they can be easily guessed.
5947	A shortcut for typical confirmation prompt.
5948	Replace filters, order_by, or limit information in a Query object.
5949	When provided with keyword arguments of the form `col=pattern`, this method will limit the entities returned to those that include the provided pattern. Note that 'like' queries require that the `prefix=True` option must have been provided as part of the column definition. Patterns allow for 4 wildcard characters, whose semantics are as follows:  * `*?*` - will match 0 or 1 of any character  * `*\**` - will match 0 or more of any character  * `*+*` - will match 1 or more of any character  * `*!*` - will match exactly 1 of any character As an example, imagine that you have enabled the required prefix matching on your `User.email` column. And lets say that you want to find everyone with an email address that contains the name 'frank' before the `@` sign. You can use either of the following patterns to discover those users:  * `*frank*@*`  * `*frank*@*` .. note:: Like queries implicitly start at the beginning of strings checked, so if you want to match a pattern that doesn't start at the beginning of a string, you should prefix it with one of the wildcard characters (like `*` as we did with the 'frank' pattern).
5950	This function executes a query and returns a key where the results will be stored for pagination, further operations, etc. It sets an expiration time on the key for eventual deletion unless the PERSIST command is used. The function checks for filter or order criteria and raises a QueryError if they are missing. It also checks if the timeout is a positive integer and raises a QueryError if not. Finally, it calls the search function with the model, filters, order by, and timeout as arguments.
5951	Return only the first result from the query, if any.
5952	Delete entities that match the query, chunk-by-chunk to avoid memory overflow.
5953	This code handles the deletion of an entity (`ent`) and manages the cascading effects on related entities based on specified actions ('no action', 'restrict', 'set null', 'set default', or 'cascade'). It ensures that default values are set for attributes in related entities and updates the database accordingly.
5954	Performs the actual prefix, suffix, and pattern match operations using a Redis connection and returns the results.
5955	Estimates the total work necessary to calculate the prefix match over the given index with the provided prefix.
5956	Search for model ids that match the provided filters, with options for ordering, pagination, and timeout.
5957	Returns the count of items matching provided filters.
5958	Get the _conn attribute from a model, or the global default connection if not available.
5959	This function processes a given input to generate a sorted, case-insensitive list of words, stripped of punctuation. It handles different types of input gracefully, ensuring compatibility with both Python 2 and 3.
5960	This function refreshes indices for all entities in a provided model by fetching them in blocks and committing index-only updates.
5961	```markdown
**Summary:**

This utility function cleans up old index data from a Redis model that was accidentally left during item deletion in ROM versions <= 0.27.0. It ensures all index data is up-to-date by re-checking and removing redundant entries, yielding progress through the process. The function supports different strategies based on Redis version and supports optional parameters for block size and forcing the use of HSCAN for index cleaning.

**Key Features:**
- Cleans old index data.
- Supports different Redis versions.
- Yields progress during the cleaning process.
- Handles unique indexes.
```
5962	Adds an entity to the session
5963	Fetches an entity from the session based on primary key.
5964	Actually writes data to Redis, handling various cases including parsing results and raising exceptions for unique key violations, entity deletions, or data races.
5965	Saves the current entity to Redis, applying changes if specified.
5966	Deletes the entity immediately and performs any on-delete operations specified in column definitions.
5967	Return a list of one or more entities from the session or Redis.
5968	Attach a reducer function to a given type in the dispatch table.
5969	Constructs or retrieves a semaphore with the given name. If value is None, retrieves an existing named semaphore; otherwise, creates a new semaphore with the given value.
5970	Returns the number of CPUs the current process can use.
5971	Safely send back the given result or exception to the result queue using the _ResultItem class. If an exception occurs during the process, a new _ExceptionWithTraceback object is created and sent to the queue instead.
5972	Evaluates calls from call_queue and places the results in result_queue. This worker is run in a separate process.
5973	Fills call_queue with _WorkItems from pending_work_items. This function never blocks. Args: - pending_work_items: A dict mapping work ids to _WorkItems e.g. {5: <_WorkItem...>, 6: <_WorkItem...>, ...} - work_ids: A queue.Queue of work ids e.g. Queue([5, 6, ...]). Work ids are consumed and the corresponding _WorkItems from pending_work_items are transformed into _CallItems and put in call_queue. - call_queue: A ctx.Queue that will be filled with _CallItems derived from _WorkItems.
5974	Ensure all workers and management thread are running
5975	Wrap non-picklable object to use cloudpickle to serialize them.
5976	Spawn a server process for this manager object
5977	Return a wrapper for an fd.
5978	Return the current ReusableExecutor instance, create a new one if needed, and adjust its configuration as specified.
5979	Wait for the cache to be empty before resizing the pool.
5980	Return information about the parent process needed by the child process for unpickling.
5981	Prepare the current process environment by setting various attributes such as name, authentication key, logging configurations, system paths, and more based on the input data.
5982	Closes all file descriptors except those specified in `keep_fds`, ensuring that stdout and stderr remain open for logging purposes.
5983	Terminate a process and its descendants.
5984	Recursively kill the descendants of a process before killing it.
5985	Return a formatted string with the exitcodes of terminated workers. Wait up to .25s for the system to correctly set the exitcode of one terminated worker if necessary.
5986	Formatted list of exit codes with names of the signals if possible.
5987	Run semaphore tracker.
5988	Ensure that the semaphore tracker process is running, launching it if it is not or has died unexpectedly.
5989	Prints out debugging events with line numbers and filenames.
5990	Program counter.
5991	Closely emulate the interactive Python interpreter. Adjusts the readline module for GNU readline support if available, and allows customization of the banner and input function.
5992	Split a command line's arguments in a shell-like manner, returning as a list of lists. ';;' with white space separates commands.
5993	Returns a stack of frames for debugging, optionally excluding certain frames based on a debugger's settings and adding a traceback frame at the top if it exists.
5994	Run each function in `hooks` with `args`.
5995	Remove memory of state variables set in the command processor
5996	Try to evaluate arg as an integer. If successful, return the value. Otherwise, return None.
5997	Convert argument to integer if possible; otherwise report an error.
5998	Handle debugger commands.
5999	Arranges for a file of debugger commands to be read in the process-command loop after expanding the path and checking its readability.
6000	Returns the next token in a string and the position of the next blank character after the token. Tokens are delimited by whitespace.
6001	Common routine for reporting debugger error messages.
6002	Read a command and update the input line number. If verbose, print location and line. Return the line.
6003	Closes both input and output streams.
6004	Disassemble a code object.
6005	Disassembles a byte string of code and prints the disassembled instructions.
6006	Count the number of frames in the call stack.
6007	If the frame's `f_back` is inspecting a call function, return its name; otherwise, return None.
6008	Print count entries of the stack trace.
6009	This interface is used to find a subcommand in `self.subcmds` based on a given prefix. It checks if the subcommand name starts with the prefix and if the length of the prefix is at least as long as the minimum abbreviation length required by the subcommand class. If a matching subcommand is found, it is returned; otherwise, `None` is returned.
6010	Show short help for a subcommand.
6011	Adds a subcommand to the available subcommands for this object.
6012	Run subcmd_name with args using obj for the environent
6013	Enter the debugger with optional parameters for control and initialization.
6014	Show short help for all commands in a specified category.
6015	Get current line number in source file
6016	Returns the first debugged frame by iterating backward from the given frame until a frame with `f_trace` set is found. If no such frame is found, it returns the original frame.
6017	Inverts the mapping of threading._active to create a dictionary of names to thread IDs.
6018	Converts arg to an integer if possible; otherwise, use the default value. If an error occurs during the conversion, calls errmsg to report the error and raises a ValueError.
6019	Return True if the argument is 'on' or 1, and False if the argument is 'off' or 0. Raises ValueError for any other value.
6020	Set a Boolean-valued debugger setting based on the input arguments.
6021	Set an Integer-valued debugger setting. 'obj' is a generally a subcommand that has 'name' and 'debugger.settings' attributes.
6022	Show a boolean-valued debugger setting for a given subcommand.
6023	Internal error
6024	Generic subcommand value display.
6025	Check if the current line represents a 'def' statement in the given frame.
6026	Return True if the line is a class definition statement
6027	quit command when several threads are involved. Enumerate all threading list and async raise Mexcept.DebuggerQuit for each thread except the current thread. Finally, raise Mexcept.DebuggerQuit
6028	get bacground from default values based on the TERM environment variable
6029	Determines if a given RGB color is considered "dark" based on a midpoint value that is set either from an environment variable or a default calculation.
6030	Return a tuple containing the function name, filename, and first line number from the given frame.
6031	Lists all display items; returns 0 if none.
6032	Displays any active items matching the given frame's signature.
6033	Format the display item based on the show_enabled flag, enabled status, format, and argument. Return the formatted string.
6034	Reads one message unit from the connection buffer, handling buffer overflow and connection state. Raises EOFError on connection closure.
6035	Set breakpoint at current location or a specified frame.
6036	Handle undefined subcommand error and provide help message.
6037	Run a frame command. This routine handles different forms of input, including "frame" without arguments, "frame {position | thread}", and "frame <thread> <position>". Depending on the input, it sets the debugged frame and position accordingly. Returns False.
6038	Try to pretty print a simple case where a list is not nested. Return True if we can do it and False if not.
6039	Find the corresponding signal name for a given number. Return None if the number is invalid.
6040	Return the signal number corresponding to the given name, or None if the name is invalid.
6041	Return a canonical signal name for a given signal name or signal number. If the input is valid, return the canonical signal name. If the input is an invalid signal number, return None. If the input is not a number or signal name, return False.
6042	Set signal replacement chaining debugger's handler
6043	Check and adjust signal handlers for interest.
6044	Print information about a signal.
6045	Delegate the actions specified in 'arg' to another method.
6046	Set whether to print or not when a signal is caught.
6047	Handle signal and perform various actions based on configuration.
6048	Given a file name, extract the most likely module name.
6049	Return a full pathname for filename if it can be found in the given directories.
6050	Look for the specified python script in the directories listed in the PATH environment variable. If the script is found, return its absolute path. If not found, return the original script name.
6051	Get list of Python files in caller's directory without the path and trailing .py
6052	Write a message to a debugger connected to this server, adding a newline if necessary.
6053	Execution status of the program. Determines if a Python program is running and handles different events such as return, exception, and signal. Also displays the stopping reason and relevant details based on the execution status.
6054	Return commands arranged in aligned columns.
6055	Enter debugger read loop after your program has crashed. Exc is a triple like you get back from sys.exc_info. If no exc parameter is supplied, the values from sys.last_type, sys.last_value, sys.last_traceback are used. And if these don't exist either, we'll assume that sys.exc_info() contains what we want and frameno is the index location of where we want to start. Frameno specifies how many frames to ignore in the traceback. The default is 1, that is, we don't need to show the immediate call into post_mortem. If you have wrapper functions that call this one, you may want to increase frameno.
6056	Close both socket and server connection.
6057	This method is used to write messages to the debugger. It ensures the device is connected before sending the message, handles large messages by splitting them into smaller packets, and sends the message using the `conn.send` method.
6058	Complete an arbitrary expression by collecting globals and locals. If the prefix contains a dot, walk an attribute chain up to the last part and return possible completions for the last part. If the prefix does not contain a dot, return possible completions for a simple name.
6059	Invoke a debugger command from inside a Python shell called inside the debugger.
6060	Add `frame_or_fn` to the list of functions that are not to
be debugged.
6061	Convert a filename to its canonical representation, handling both relative and internal Python names.
6062	Return filename or the basename of that depending on the basename setting
6063	Return True if debugging is in progress.
6064	```python
Check if execution should stop based on various conditions such as breakpoints, stepping, and event type like 'line', 'return', or 'c_return'.
```
6065	Sets the step event and stop level based on the given frame.
6066	Handle a stack trace by iterating through the call frame chain and printing formatted stack entries.
6067	Get file information and display it's cached status, canonical name, and processed arguments.
6068	Check whether to break for a breakpoint based on function name.
6069	Remove breakpoint `bp` from the list.
6070	Removes a breakpoint based on its breakpoint number. Returns True if successful, otherwise False with an error message.
6071	Enables or disables all breakpoints.
6072	Enable or disable a breakpoint given its breakpoint number.
6073	Remove all breakpoints at a given filename and line number and return the numbers of deleted breakpoints.
6074	Set what file to read from.
6075	Read a line of input from the user, skipping any trailing newline characters.
6076	Make sure it's okay to perform a dangerous action by prompting the user. If the user responds with 'y' or 'yes', it returns True. If the user responds with 'n' or 'no', it returns False. If the user's response is anything else, it prompts the user again.
6077	Adds a 'SPACE' token to the list of tokens with the current string s and updates the position by the length of s.
6078	`Adds a token of type 'NUMBER' with the value of the input string s converted to an integer`
6079	Wrap a `sqlalchemy.orm.query.Query` object into a `concurrent.futures.Future` so that it can be awaited/yielded.
6080	Restore an original login session by checking the signed session and logging the user in as the original user.
6081	Import a module and retrieve an attribute from it, raising exceptions if the module or attribute cannot be found.
6082	Iterate over documents in a Luminoso project.
6083	Handle command-line arguments for the 'lumi-download' command, including API base URL, token, project ID, and download options.
6084	This function reads a JSON or CSV file and converts it into a JSON stream, which is then saved in an anonymous temporary file.
6085	Deduce the format of a file, within reason.
6086	Normalize data for upload to the Luminoso Analytics system, specifically handling dates. If a date_format is provided and a date exists in the document, it converts the date. If not, the document is yielded unchanged.
6087	Converts a date in a given format to epoch time. Uses `datetime.strptime` for most formats, except when the format is 'epoch', in which case it directly converts the string to a float.
6088	Detect the encoding of a file using ftfy's encoding detector based on a sample of its first megabyte.
6089	Generator to read JSON objects from a stream, one at a time.
6090	Convert a file in some other encoding into a temporary file that's in UTF-8.
6091	Open a CSV file using Python 2's CSV module, handling UTF-16 encoding and working around its deficiency in handling null bytes.
6092	Reads rows from a CSV reader object, processes them into dictionaries, and yields them. Skips empty rows and applies encoding and normalization to cell values. Filters out rows with empty or null values in specific columns.
6093	Handles command line arguments to convert a file to a JSON stream as a script.
6094	Make authenticated API requests
6095	Save a long-lived API token to a local file, optionally specifying the domain and token file. If the file exists, load existing tokens, update with the new token, and save back to the file. If the directory does not exist, create it before saving.
6096	Make an HTTP request using the `requests` module and handle any HTTP errors by raising specific exceptions.
6097	HTTP DELETE operation to delete an object represented by a URL.
6098	Waits for a project build to complete and returns the build information if successful, or raises an error if the build fails.
6099	Returns the "root URL" for a given URL, ensuring it begins with "http://" or "https://", and optionally warns if the path does not start with "/api/v4".
6100	Obtain the user's long-lived API token or create one if it doesn't exist, and save it in a local file. Returns the saved token.
6101	This interface is used to make a request of the specified type to a given URL and expect a JSON object in response. If the result contains an 'error' value, it raises an exception with the error details. Otherwise, it returns the contents of the 'result' value.
6102	Make a POST request to the given path with data in its body, returning the JSON-decoded result.
6103	Return a new LuminosoClient for a subpath of the current path, optionally starting from the root_url.
6104	Get the ID of an account for accessing projects.
6105	Get the documentation that the server sends for the API.
6106	Wait for an asynchronous task to finish.
6107	Get the raw text of a response for specific URLs, such as documentation.
6108	Print a JSON list of JSON objects in CSV format.
6109	Read parameters from an input file, a JSON body, and command-line arguments (-p), updating them in that order.
6110	Limits a document to just the three fields we should upload.
6111	Base method for creating a Luminoso project with associated documents.
6112	A function that takes a LuminosoClient, input_filename, language, name, optional account, and progress flag. It reads JSON lines from the input file, creates a project with the documents from the file, and returns the created project.
6113	Handle arguments for the 'lumi-upload' command and upload documents to a project using the Luminoso API.
6114	Given a file-like object containing a JSON stream, upload it to Luminoso with the given account name and project name.
6115	Upload a file to Luminoso with the given account and project name. Given a file containing JSON, JSON stream, or CSV data, this verifies that we can successfully convert it to a JSON stream, then uploads that JSON stream.
6116	Run script to upload a file to a Luminoso project.
6117	Obtain a short-lived token using a username and password, and use that token to create an auth object.
6118	Set up HTTP session with a fake user-agent header and then proceed to log in.
6119	Login to enedis using provided username and password.
6120	Get data using specified parameters and handle potential errors such as redirects, maintenance, and JSON decoding issues.
6121	Fetch the latest data from Enedis for each period (HOURLY, DAILY, MONTHLY, YEARLY).
6122	Load the view class dynamically from the content
6123	Initialize and set the view properties.
6124	Execute the correct handler depending on whether the connection is a WebSocket or not. If it is a WebSocket, call the superclass's get method. Otherwise, render and write the view.
6125	When enaml.js sends a message, this function decodes the message, retrieves the owner ID, finds the corresponding node using XPath, and handles the event or update based on the message content. If the node is not found or the message is missing necessary information, the function returns without any action.
6126	Update the menus based on the links and pages
6127	Generate the handlers for this site
6128	Handles an event from JavaScript, looking up the corresponding Enaml node and triggering the appropriate action based on the event type. Logs debug and warning messages as necessary.
6129	Handle an event from enaml and send it out the websocket to update the client's browser.
6130	Create the toolkit widget for the proxy object. This method is called during the top-down pass, just before the 'init_widget()' method is called. It creates the toolkit widget and assigns it to the 'widget' attribute.
6131	Initialize the state of the toolkit widget by setting various properties based on the widget's declaration.
6132	A reimplemented destructor. This destructor will clear the reference to the toolkit widget and set its parent to None.
6133	Handles the child added event from the declaration, inserting the child toolkit widget in the correct position. Subclasses may reimplement for more control.
6134	Handles the child removed event from the declaration, unparenting the child toolkit widget. Subclasses can reimplement this method for more control.
6135	Get the child toolkit widgets for this object.
6136	Set attribute in self.widget based on boolean or string values
6137	Called when Widget data changes, updating the proxy widget accordingly.
6138	If a change occurs during an active websocket connection, notify the websocket client of the change.
6139	Find nodes matching the given XPath query.
6140	Initialize class attributes from keyword arguments and set up the class if not already initialized and the proxy is inactive.
6141	Initialize the widget with the source if available.
6142	Sets the source by parsing the HTML and updating the component.
6143	If the mode changes, refresh the items by removing the old children and updating the parent references.
6144	Handle changes to the 'objects' list, including unparenting removed objects, reparenting added objects, and destroying old objects if necessary.
6145	When the children of the block change, update the referenced block by destroying old children not in the new list, clearing or prepending new children to the block accordingly, or inserting new children into a different block based on the mode.
6146	Read the contents of a file located relative to setup.py.
6147	Prints an error message to `sys.stderr` and exits with a given status code.
6148	Print any parsing error and exit with status -1
6149	Gets an item from the Menu by name, ignoring case sensitivity, and raises an exception if no item is found
6150	Clear out the current session on the remote and setup a new one, returning a response from the session expiration.
6151	Clears out the current store and gets a cookie, setting the cross-site request forgery token for subsequent requests. Returns a response with the cleared store.
6152	Search for nearby Dominos Pizza stores using a search term. Returns a list of stores matching the search term.
6153	Set local cookies by initialising the delivery system on the remote with a store ID and a delivery postcode.
6154	Retrieve the menu from the selected store.
6155	Add an item to the current basket.
6156	Method to add a pizza to the current basket.
6157	Method to add a side to the current basket.
6158	Remove an item from the current basket.
6159	Method to select and set the payment method for a purchase.
6160	Proceed with payment using the selected payment method and return the response.
6161	Make an HTTP GET request to the Dominos UK API with the given parameters for the current session.
6162	Method to make a HTTP POST request to the Dominos UK API.
6163	HTTP request to the Dominos UK API with parameters for the current session.
6164	Add an item to the end of the menu before the exit item If the exit item was removed, re-add it Resize the screen if items exceed a certain number and then redraw the menu
6165	Add the exit item if necessary. Used to make sure there aren't multiple exit items Returns True if item needed to be added, False otherwise
6166	Redraws the menu and refreshes the screen, updating the display whenever changes require it.
6167	Gets the next single character from the user and determines the appropriate action based on the input. Characters '1' to the maximum number of items (or '9' if more than 9 items) navigate to a specific item, while arrow keys move the selection up or down, and the Enter key selects the current item. Returns the user input.
6168	Select the current item, set up, run, clean up, and draw if should not exit.
6169	Parse an old-style menuData dictionary and return a CursesMenu.
6170	Get the top or bottom N results based on a column value for each specified group columns.
6171	Retrieve rows from a DataFrame grouped by specified columns, applying a function, and then selecting the top or bottom N rows based on a value column.
6172	Converts a string column in a DataFrame to a datetime column using the specified format.
6173	Convert datetime column into string column
6174	Converts the format of a date in a specified column of a pandas DataFrame.
6175	Convert column's type into specified type
6176	Create rank columns in a DataFrame based on specified value columns, with options to group and customize ranking methods and order.
6177	Compute the variation and variation rate for each line in a waterfall chart.
6178	Apply basic mathematical operation on columns
6179	Round each value of a specified column to a given number of decimal places and optionally create a new column with the rounded values.
6180	Get the absolute numeric value of each element of a column, with an option to save the result in a new column.
6181	Pivot the data. Reverse operation of melting.
6182	Transforms a dataframe by grouping based on a set of variables and pivoting the values into new columns.
6183	Aggregate values by groups using specified columns and aggregation functions.
6184	Calculate the cumulative sum of a specified column in a DataFrame while grouping by specified index columns and considering a date column.
6185	Add missing row to a dataframe based on a reference column, optionally adding rows between specified values and filtering based on methods.
6186	Helper for catching exceptions in functions and logging information if an exception occurs.
6187	Decorator to log a message before executing a function
6188	Log the execution time of a function using the provided logger.
6189	Decorator to log the shapes of input and output dataframes.
6190	Replaces data values and column names according to the specified locale.
6191	Compute cumulative sums for values grouped by specified columns, ordered by reference columns. Optionally keep additional columns.
6192	Helper function to aggregate data and create combinations for requesters. Uses groupby and aggregation to combine different columns based on specified aggregation functions.
6193	Get the value of a function's parameter based on its signature and the call's args and kwargs.
6194	Remove old entries older than a certain limit from the cache directory.
6195	```plaintext
Creates aggregates following a given hierarchy.

--- Parameters

-mandatory :

- levels : List[str] - name of the columns composing the hierarchy (from the top to the bottom level).
- groupby_vars : List[str] - name of the columns with value to aggregate.
- extra_groupby_cols : List[str] - other columns used to group in each level.

-optional :

- var_name : str - name of the result variable column. By default, 'type'.
- value_name : str - name of the result value column. By default, 'value'.
- agg_func : str - name of the aggregation operation. By default, 'sum'.
- drop_levels : List[str] - the names of the levels that you may want to discard from the output.

--- Example

**Input**

|    Region |     City |  Population |
|:---------:|:--------:|:-----------:|
|       Idf |     Panam|         200 |
|       Idf |   Antony |          50 |
|      Nord |    Lille |          20 |

```cson
roll_up:
  levels: ["Region", "City"]
  groupby_vars: "Population"
```

**Output**

|    Region |     City |  Population |    value |   type |
|:---------:|:--------:|:-----------:|:--------:|:------:|
|       Idf |     Panam|         200 |    Panam |   City |
|       Idf |   Antony |          50 |   Antony |   City |
|      Nord |    Lille |          20 |    Lille |   City |
|       Idf |      Nan |         250 |      Idf | Region |
|      Nord |      Nan |          20 |     Nord | Region |
```
6196	Dataframe with the row corresponding to the maximal value in a specified column, optionally grouped by one or more columns.
6197	DataFrame with rows corresponding to the minimum values in a specified column, optionally grouped by one or more columns.
6198	Fills NaN values in a specified column of a DataFrame either with a given value or with values from another column.
6199	Add a human readable offset to `dateobj` and return the corresponding date. Uses `pandas.Timedelta` and handles shortcuts for weeks, months, and years.
6200	Add `nb_months` to the given `dateobj`. If the resulting date doesn't exist, return the last day of the landing month.
6201	Add a specified number of years to a given date, handling cases where the landing date doesn't exist by returning the last day of the landing month.
6202	Parses a date string and returns a corresponding date object. Supports optional offset syntax and symbolic names like `TODAY`, `YESTERDAY`, `TOMORROW`.
6203	Filter dataframe rows by.
6204	Add a column to the dataframe with the percentage of a specific column based on groupby logic
6205	Optimize parameters using Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), AdaGrad, or AdaDelta methods.
6206	Return updates in the training by applying optimization to gradients of the given parameters.
6207	Return the parameters to be optimized, excluding any that are fixed according to the configuration.
6208	The method `optimization_updates` calculates updates for optimization using the provided parameters and gradients, applies these updates to the network, and logs the number of free parameters added for optimization.
6209	Compute the first glimpse position using a down-sampled image. If reinforcement learning is disabled and random glomps are enabled, return a random position. Otherwise, sample a position from a Gaussian distribution and compute the gradient of the log-likelihood with respect to the weights.
6210	Initialize parameters and layers for an encoder, decoder, and classifier.
6211	Builds the computation graph for the model, including encoding, decoding, and classification steps, and calculates the final cost by combining auto-encoder and classification losses.
6212	Applies a given function to each set of data within an object.
6213	Converts target labels to one-hot vectors for the training, validation, and test sets.
6214	Print dataset statistics.
6215	We train over mini-batches and evaluate periodically.
6216	Samples outputs from a language model (LM)
6217	Compute the alignment weights based on the previous state.
6218	Compute the context vector using soft attention by aligning the previous state with the inputs and combining them weighted by alignment scores.
6219	Concatenate a list of variables along a specified axis. If the variables are instances of `NeuralVariable`, concatenate them using a `Concatenate` layer and update the output dimension if necessary. For other types of variables, use the `TT.concatenate` function.
6220	Pads the sequences in the training, validation, and test datasets to the given length.
6221	RMSPROP optimization core.
6222	Report elapsed time in minutes.
6223	Runs the model with validation data and returns the costs.
6224	Invoke function that updates metrics, compares them, reports, and saves checkpoints periodically.
6225	Create inner loop variables.
6226	Run a dummy scan step with given input variables and return the corresponding outputs.
6227	Momentum SGD optimization core that updates parameters and accumulates velocity over time.
6228	Executes `then_branch` when training.
6229	Skip N batches in the training.
6230	Load parameters for the training. This method can load free parameters and resume the training progress.
6231	Train the model using the provided training and validation datasets, and yield the costs after each epoch.
6232	Run one training iteration.
6233	Run one valid iteration and return true if to continue training.
6234	Report the scores and record them in the log, with an optional marker indicating if it's a new best result.
6235	Get specified split of data.
6236	Apply a function to tensors.
6237	Report usage of training parameters.
6238	Calculate the variance of a tensor along a specified dimension.
6239	Create vars from dataset and set test values for given split
6240	Returns a shared theano scalar value based on the provided value and name.
6241	Stack encoding layers for the model, which must be done before stacking decoding layers.
6242	Stack decoding layers and update the decoding_layers list.
6243	Encode given input.
6244	decode given representation using a neural network
6245	u Generate a 2D Gaussian kernel with specified dimensions and standard deviation.
6246	Register the layer for training while preventing its output from being stacked.
6247	Monitor the outputs of each layer for troubleshooting convergence problems.
6248	Return all parameters from a class, combining both `parameters` and `free_parameters` attributes.
6249	Set up the input variables for the model. If an input tensor is provided, it checks the type and converts it to a variable. If no input tensor is provided, it creates a matrix variable 'x'. The variable is then appended to the input variables list and set as both the output and test output of the model.
6250	Compute network output.
6251	Save parameters to file.
6252	Load parameters from file.
6253	Print network statistics including inputs, targets, parameters, and parameter count.
6254	Register parameters and update the parameter count.
6255	Register updates that will be executed in each iteration.
6256	Register updates that will only be executed in training phase.
6257	Internal method to register monitors
6258	Get the L2 norm of multiple tensors.
6259	Dumps one element to a file object in write mode, followed by a record separator (two blank lines).
6260	load contents from file_obj, returning a generator that yields one element at a time
6261	Load parameters to the block from the given path.
6262	Creates |oauth2| request elements based on the provided parameters.
6263	If state and provider supports user state decode state and return param
6264	Fix Facebook's naming deviation in the credentials parsing.
6265	Remove 'client_id' and 'client_secret' from request parameters if the request type is an access token request.
6266	Handle user login via OpenID, updating user information and rendering a login template.
6267	Replace single-item iterables in a dictionary with their value.
6268	Converts list of tuples to dictionary with duplicate keys converted to lists.
6269	Parses response body from JSON, XML, or query string. Returns a dictionary or list for JSON or query string, an ElementTree.Element for XML.
6270	Returns a provider class based on the given class name or subclass. If the input is a string, it constructs a full path to the provider class within the `authomatic.providers` package and attempts to import it. If successful, it returns the imported class; otherwise, it returns `None`. If the input is already a subclass of `authomatic.providers.BaseProvider`, it returns that class directly.
6271	```python
Method for creating a value for the 'Set-Cookie' HTTP header.
```
6272	Adds the session cookie to headers and validates its length.
6273	Extracts the session data from the cookie.
6274	Gets session data lazily, returning a dictionary. If data is not available, it fetches and caches it. If no data is returned during deserialization, an empty dictionary is used.
6275	Create signature for the session.
6276	Converts a value to a signed string with a timestamp.
6277	Check if the credentials are valid, considering their expiration time.
6278	Determines if credentials expire sooner than the specified number of seconds from the current time.
6279	This interface converts credentials to a percent-encoded string for storage, ensuring that all items are strings and concatenating them with newlines before encoding.
6280	Check if the given content is in binary format
6281	Return the whole response content, decoding it to UTF-8 if necessary.
6282	Create |oauth1| request elements.
6283	Extends `_access_user_info` from the base class to include the user's primary email in the response data. If the primary email is found, it updates the response data with the email address.
6284	Decorator for Flask view functions.
6285	Launches the OpenID authentication procedure.
6286	Generate session key string.
6287	Saves a value to the session.
6288	Generate a CSRF token using a random string and a secret.
6289	Logs a message with a pre-formatted prefix using the specified logging level.
6290	Checks whether a HTTP status code is in the category denoted by the hundreds digit.
6291	Splits given url to url base and params converted to list of tuples.
6292	Helper for constructing a decorator to wrap a Sanic route with cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) settings, allowing controlled access from specified origins, methods, and headers.
6293	Performs the actual evaluation of Sanic-CORS options and modifies the response object.
6294	Returns a dictionary of CORS-specific app configurations from the given appInstance.
6295	A more flexible str function which intelligently handles stringifying strings, lists, and other iterables. The results are lexographically sorted to ensure generated responses are consistent when iterables such as Set are used.
6296	Wraps scalars or string types as a list, or returns the iterable instance.
6297	Compares two floating-point numbers `a` and `b` for closeness within a specified tolerance.
6298	Deprecator decorator.
6299	Attempts to deserialize a bytestring into an AudioSegment.
6300	Returns an AudioSegment object from the given file based on its file extension.
6301	create an AudioSegment from a numpy array
6302	Execute a Sox command in a platform-independent manner, using temporary files for input and output, and clean up the temporary files afterward.
6303	Removes silence from an AudioSegment using the 'sox' program.
6304	Transforms the indicated slice of the AudioSegment into the frequency domain and returns the bins and the values.
6305	Generates chunks of audio data from an AudioSegment object based on specified frame duration and zero padding option.
6306	Return a new AudioSegment object whose values are changed so that their average is `db`.

Normalize the values in the AudioSegment so that its `spl` property gives `db`.

Raise ValueError if there are no samples in this AudioSegment.

Use successive approximation to find the multiplication factor to normalize the AudioSegment.
6307	Return a new AudioSegment object that is the result of concatenating the input AudioSegment object with a list of other AudioSegment objects. The concatenation is done by copying the input object and appending the data of the other objects to its data. The resulting object is then returned.
6308	Resample the audio data with new characteristics such as sample rate, sample width, and number of channels.
6309	Serializes the object into a bytestring using pickle.
6310	Compute a spectrogram of an audio file by performing a series of FFTs over specified time windows.
6311	Combines candidate front IDs based on the number of elements from offset_fronts that overlap with offsets that correspond to the onset front ID. Output is the ID of the candidate front that overlaps the most with the onset front.
6312	Return the offset_front_id of the offset front that occurs first entirely after the given onset sample_idx.
6313	Given an onset_front_id, returns the ID of the offset front which occurs first after the onset_front_id. If no appropriate offset front, returns -1.
6314	Find the offset front ID that has the most offsets corresponding to the onsets in the given onset front. If no such offset front exists, return -1.
6315	Detects and returns consecutive and overlapping segments between two frontiers based on their frequency channels.
6316	Returns an updated segmentation mask and updated onset and offset front matrices. Also, returns a boolean indicating whether the onset channel went to completion.
6317	Returns the front ID found at the given index in the front array. If the ID is 0, returns -1.
6318	Yield onset front IDs one at a time from the given 2D list, removing duplicates.
6319	Gets the offsets that occur as close as possible to the onsets in the given onset-front.
6320	Remove points in the fronts that overlap with the segmentation mask.
6321	Removes all fronts from `fronts` which are strictly smaller than `size` consecutive frequencies in length.
6322	Break up onset fronts in the input `fronts` matrix where the signals between adjacent frequency channels are not sufficiently similar, as determined by a correlation threshold. Remove any resulting onset fronts that are less than 3 channels wide.
6323	Merges segments in a mask that are touching.
6324	Returns a list of segmentation masks each of the same dimension as the input one, but where they each have exactly one segment in them and all other samples in them are zeroed. Only returns segments larger than a specified threshold.
6325	Resample one of the provided two-dimensional `mask` and `stft` matrices so that their time dimensions match, while keeping the frequency dimension unchanged.
6326	Worker for the ASA algorithm's multiprocessing step. Converts masks to binary, multiplies them with STFTs, and puts the results in a queue.
6327	Filters the input data using a bandpass filter with specified low and high cutoff frequencies and sample rate, returning the filtered data.
6328	Apply a low-pass filter to the input data based on the specified cutoff frequency, sample rate, and filter order.
6329	Outcomes extraction and one-hot encoding from a list of tuples.
6330	Standardizes continuous features and expands categorical features.
6331	Used to check whether two edge lists have the same edges, ignoring the order of the elements.
6332	Group audit files using a measurer to rank them and return features that remain consistent across repairs within a specified similarity bound.
6333	Loads a confusion matrix from a file and returns a sorted list of tuples containing repair levels and confusion matrices.
6334	Separates the outcome feature from the data and returns a matrix and outcomes array.
6335	Checks for alternative index-url in pip.conf, prioritizing an environ variable if it exists.
6336	Attempt to detect requirements files in the current working directory
6337	Resolve all network streams.
6338	Resolve all streams with a specific value for a given property.
6339	Takes a predicate string and resolves all streams that match this predicate. Supports advanced querying using XPath 1.0 for the description node. Optionally sets a minimum number and timeout for the operation. Returns a list of matching StreamInfo objects.
6340	Handle an error code by converting it to an appropriate exception.
6341	Pushes a sample into the outlet, ensuring the data length matches the channel count and converting string values to UTF-8 encoding if necessary.
6342	Push a list of samples into the outlet
6343	Retrieve the complete information of the given stream, including the extended description, with an optional timeout.
6344	Open a data stream for pulling samples.
6345	Retrieves an estimated time correction offset for the given stream, with support for a timeout. The result is used to map remotely generated time stamps to the local clock domain.
6346	Get a child with a specified name.
6347	Returns the next sibling in the children list of the parent node, or the next sibling with the given name if provided.
6348	Get the previous sibling in the children list of the parent node. If a name is provided, the previous sibling with the given name is returned.
6349	Set the element's name. Returns False if the node is empty.
6350	Set the element s value Returns False if the node is empty
6351	Appends a child element with the specified name.
6352	Prepends a child element with the specified name.
6353	Append a copy of the specified element as a child
6354	Prepend a copy of the specified element as a child.
6355	Removes a given child element, specified by name or as an instance of `XMLElement`.
6356	obtain the set of currently present streams on the network. returns a list of matching StreamInfo objects (with empty desc field), any of which can subsequently be used to open an inlet.
6357	See all token associated with a given token. Pairs a specified token with its associated tokens.
6358	Shows autocomplete results for a given token.
6359	Computes edge n-grams of a token from a minimum length, excluding the token itself.
6360	Allows for iterators to return either an item or an iterator of items.
6361	Customized version of imap_unordered. Directly sends chunks to func, avoiding individual item iteration within each process and managing chunking manually.
6362	Generate all possible fuzzy neighbors of a given word with up to a specified number of substitutions, insertions, and deletions.
6363	Compute fuzzy extensions of word.
6364	Computes fuzzy extensions of a word that exist in an index, sorting the results by frequency in descending order.
6365	Extend results by extrapolating relations among tokens.
6366	Display help message for a specific command or list available commands.
6367	Print useful information from Redis DB, including keyspace misses, hits, memory usage, total commands processed, total connections received, and connected clients. It also prints the number of keys in each Redis database.
6368	Prints the raw content of a DB key based on its type (e.g., set or string).
6369	Compute a geohash from latitude and longitude.
6370	Get document from index with its id and print the key-value pairs. If the document has 'housenumbers', sort and print them.
6371	Get index details for a document by its id.
6372	Return document linked to word with higher score.
6373	Print the distance score between two strings. Use | as separator.
6374	Send the request using its send method and return its response.
6375	Concurrently converts a list of Requests to Responses.
6376	Create a function to extract bits from an array within a specified range, potentially reinterpreting elements to a different type.
6377	Cast HArray signal or value to signal or value of type Bits
6378	Converts a Python slice to the value of an SLICE HDL type, handling cases where the start and stop values are `None` and updating their status accordingly.
6379	Returns a generator that yields filenames matching a given pattern in a directory and its subdirectories if recursive is True, otherwise in the specified directory.
6380	Check if any item in the iterable equals sigOrVal
6381	Generate a for loop for static items in a parent unit, iterating over a set of items and executing a body function for each item.
6382	Logical shift left
6383	Returns the number of bits required to store x-1. For example, x=8 returns 3.
6384	Check if a number is a power of two.
6385	c-like case of switch statement
6386	c-like default of switch statement
6387	Register signals from interfaces for Interface or Unit instances.
6388	Setup VCD writer for simulation
6389	This method logs a change in the value of a signal at a given time.
6390	Serialize HWProcess instance
6391	Walks through all interfaces on a unit, instantiates an agent for each interface, and returns all monitor or driver functions that should be added to the simulation as processes, depending on the interface's direction.
6392	Headquarters for frame reader.
6393	Yields distinct items from iterable based on the key selected by function `fn` in the order that they appear.
6394	A function that groups items in a collection based on a key function. It mimics the behavior of `itertools.groupby` but does not require the input to be sorted. The order of the groups or their items is not guaranteed.
6395	Flattens nested lists, tuples, generators, and maps up to a specified depth.
6396	Merges nested IfContainer from else branch to this IfContainer as elif and else branches.
6397	Removes unconnected signals from a netlist by disconnecting them from drivers and endpoints.
6398	Returns true if the process consists solely of an unconditional assignment, indicating that it may be unnecessary to merge such assignments.
6399	Try to merge procB into procA. If successful, update procA with the merged result and return procA. If merge is not possible, raise IncompatibleStructure.
6400	Try to merge processes with similar structure into one to minimize the number of processes.
6401	Handle write request received in monitor mode
6402	Convert unit to RTL using specified serializer
6403	Resolves a process name and marks outputs of statements as not hidden. Returns the lexicographically smallest output name or an empty string if no outputs are found.
6404	Remove drivers from statements
6405	Create a new signal in the context with optional synthesis and reset mechanisms.
6406	Builds an Entity and Architecture instance out of a netlist representation, creating ports, generics, and handling signal visibility.
6407	Returns the maximum _instId from all assignments in the given statement.
6408	Return the maximum statement ID from the statements of a given process.
6409	Writes data to the interface
6410	Interface direction change
6411	This method loads declarations from the _declr method, first for the parent and then for children. It initializes interfaces, sets attribute listeners, and recursively loads declarations for interfaces. It also sets parameters to read-only and adjusts direction if the object is external.
6412	Generate signals for each interface with no subinterface, return existing signals if available.
6413	Get the physical name in HDL format. If `_boundedEntityPort` exists, return its name; otherwise, replace dots in the full name with a specified separator.
6414	Sum the width of all interfaces if present, otherwise return the bit length of the data type.
6415	Get sensitivity type for operator
6416	Return processed value of operator by applying self._evalFn.
6417	Convert a bit expression to a different type (integer, boolean, or bits).
6418	Reinterpret a signal of type Bits to a signal of type HStruct by iteratively assigning values to fields in the HStruct container.
6419	Count of complete words between two addresses
6420	Groups transaction parts split on words into words by creating tuples containing the word index and the corresponding transaction parts.
6421	This method pretty prints an interface by recursively traversing its components and printing them with proper indentation and formatting.
6422	Convert transaction template into FrameTmpls
6423	Generates a generator of tuples containing word indices and lists of TransParts for each word in the frame.
6424	Packs data into a list of BitsVal based on the specified dataWidth.
6425	Clean informations about enclosure for outputs and sensitivity of this statement
6426	Discover enclosure for a list of statements based on outputs.
6427	Discover sensitivity for a list of signals, adding casual sensitivity to the context. If event-dependent sensitivity is found, no other sensitivity is added.
6428	Get the RtlNetlist context from signals.
6429	Updates signal IO after reduce attempt based on whether the object was reduced and if IO has changed.
6430	Merge two statements and update their inputs, outputs, sensitivity, and context.
6431	Checks if two statement lists can be merged into one.
6432	Merge statements in list to remove duplicated if-then-else trees.
6433	Merges two lists of statements into one, handling complex statements by merging them and adding simple statements directly to the result list.
6434	Simplify a list of statements by attempting to reduce each one and merging them.
6435	### Example 2:
After the parent statement becomes event dependent, propagate the event dependency flag to child statements.
6436	Assigns a parent statement and propagates dependency flags if necessary. Adjusts endpoints and drivers as needed. Updates the RTL context if necessary.
6437	Append statements to this container under conditions specified by condSet.
6438	Disconnects this statement from signals and deletes it from the RtlNetlist context, altering signal endpoints/drivers.
6439	Create a register in the unit with optional default value, clock, and reset signals.
6440	Create a signal in this unit.
6441	Disconnect internal signals to allow the unit to be reused by its parent.
6442	Walk all simple values in HStruct or HArray.
6443	Unpack a structured object from binary data using a custom data retrieval function.
6444	Convert signum without bit manipulation, just change the representation of the data.
6445	Register sensitivity for a process based on given conditions.
6446	Evaluates a list of conditions and returns whether they are all true and if there are any valid values.
6447	Connects the ports of simulation models by name, updating the references and removing the original port signal.
6448	Decorator that can be used to require requirements.
6449	Create a value updater for simulation that updates an array type's value based on given indexes. Returns a function that takes the current value and returns a tuple indicating whether the value has changed and the new value.
6450	create hdl vector value
6451	Gues resource usage by HWProcess
6452	Get value of parameter
6453	Set the value of this parameter, ensuring it's not read-only and not replaced.
6454	Generates a flattened register map for HStruct based on the provided interface map.
6455	Resolve ports of discovered memories and adjust resource counts accordingly.
6456	Determine if a signal is indexed and retrieve the indexed signal and index operands.
6457	Construct value from a Python representation, delegating to the value class for this type.
6458	Casts a value or signal to another compatible type based on the provided target type.
6459	Casts a signal or value of one type to another type of the same size.
6460	Walks parameter instances on the given interface and yields them.
6461	Connect 1D vector signal to a structuralized interface, excluding certain sub-interfaces if specified.
6462	Concatenates all signals to one big signal, recursively, filtering by direction and excluding specified signals.
6463	Hardcode ROM into process due to Verilog restrictions
6464	_toRtl synthesizes all subunits, establishes connections between them, and constructs the entity and component for the unit, handling various callbacks and signal preparations accordingly.
6465	Register interface in implementation phase.
6466	Return `sig` and `val` reduced by the `&` operator or `None` if it is not possible to statically reduce the expression.
6467	Returns sig and val reduced by ^ operator or None if it is not possible to statically reduce expression
6468	Get the root of the name space.
6469	Decide if the given unit should be serialized or not, and eventually fix its name to match an already serialized unit.
6470	Serialize HdlType instance based on its type.
6471	Serialize `IfContainer` instance
6472	Check if a condition is negated and return the original condition and the negated flag.
6473	Construct SimBitsT with cache
6474	Gets the constant name for a value, reusing the name if the same value was used before.
6475	Cut off statements which are driver of specified signal
6476	Parse HArray type and set item count and children. Return address of its end.
6477	Parse HStruct type to transaction template instance set address toits end
6478	Parse any HDL type to this transaction template instance.
6479	Returns width of item in original array.
6480	Walk fields in instance of TransTmpl.
6481	Converts a negative integer to a positive integer with the same bits set.
6482	Merge another statement (`other`) into this statement by merging their cases and defaults, and then call `_on_merge` with `other`.
6483	Indented by indentNum spaces.
6484	Checks if a property is already defined on an object and raises an error if it is.
6485	Register Param object on interface level object
6486	Updates parameters on `self` from another object `otherObj` using the `updater` function, excluding parameters specified in `exclude` and applying a `prefix` to the parameter names of `self`.
6487	Register a unit object on the interface level object
6488	This interface is used to register an interface object at the interface level object. It checks for name availability, ensures the interface has no parent, sets the parent, name, and context. Depending on whether it is private, it adds the interface to either the private or public interfaces list and sets the external flag accordingly.
6489	Register an array of items on the interface level object, setting their parent and name, and adding individual items as attributes.
6490	Returns a first driver if signal has only one driver. Raises exceptions if there are no drivers or multiple drivers.
6491	Recursively statistically evaluate result of this operator
6492	Create an operator with a result signal.
6493	Create copy of this context with increased indent
6494	Try connecting a signal to an interface on a unit, but only if the interface exists and has no existing driver.
6495	Propagate "clk" clock signal to all subcomponents
6496	Propagate "clk" clock and negative reset "rst_n" signal to all subcomponents.
6497	Propagate "clk" clock and reset "rst" signal to all subcomponents
6498	Propagate negative reset "rst_n" signal to all subcomponents
6499	Propagate reset "rst" signal to all subcomponents
6500	Iterate over bits in a vector, dividing them into parts of a specified size and optionally skipping padding.
6501	Always decide not to serialize obj.
6502	Decides whether to serialize only the first object of its class.
6503	Decide to serialize only objects with unique parameters and class
6504	Returns all name hierarchy separated by '.'
6505	Delegate `_make_association` on items.
6506	Create simulation model and connect it with interfaces of original unit and decorate it with agents
6507	Create a simulation model for a given unit on a specified target platform, optionally dumping the model files to a directory.
6508	Reconnect model signals to unit to run simulation with simulation model but use original unit interfaces for communication.
6509	Syntax sugar for simulating unit behavior. Accepts a simulator model, input functions, an output file, and a simulation duration. If the output file is a string, it will be opened as a file; otherwise, it will use the provided file-like object. Returns the simulator object.
6510	Initializing the callback loop for simulation injection and registering write callbacks with conditions.
6511	Connecting to a port item on a subunit.
6512	Connect an internal signal to a port item, establishing a connection used by the simulator. Only output port items can be connected.
6513	connect signal from internal side of of this component to this port
6514	Return signal inside unit which has this port
6515	Check if the hdl process has an event dependency on the given signal.
6516	Schedule a process with a specified priority to run at the current time.
6517	Add an HDL process to the execution queue based on the trigger signal.
6518	Schedule combUpdateDoneEv event to notify agents that the current delta step is ending and values from combinational logic are stable.
6519	Apply stashed values to signals. Schedule processes for sequential execution if not already planned.
6520	This function resolves write conflicts for a signal by determining the appropriate update strategy based on the input value. If the value contains a tuple of three elements, it returns a tuple with an array updater function and a boolean indicating whether the update is event-dependent. If the value contains only two elements, it returns a tuple with an updater function and the event-dependent status.
6521	Delta step for combinational processes. Iterate through processes, update signals, and resolve conflicts. Prepare updates for application and reset signal values.
6522	Run a sequence of processes and update signals based on the results.
6523	Apply values to signals by writing stacked values, resolving collisions, and initiating further processes.
6524	Reads a value from a signal or interface.
6525	Writes a value to a SimSignal
6526	Add process to events with default priority at the current time.
6527	Runs a simulation for a Unit instance, executing any predefined before-simulation procedures and adding additional processes if specified.
6528	Function to create variadic operator function
6529	Converts all ternary operators to IfContainers in the given statements.
6530	Serialize HWProcess objects as VHDL
6531	Compute the Hamming distance between two hashes.
6532	Compute the average hash of the given image by resizing it, converting it to black and white, and then comparing each pixel's value to the average to generate a binary hash.
6533	Compute the hamming distance between two images
6534	Set up the Vizio media player platform by validating configuration and creating a VizioDevice instance.
6535	Retrieve the latest state of the device, including power state, volume level, current input, and available inputs.
6536	Mute or unmute the device volume.
6537	Increasing volume of the device
6538	Decreasing volume of the device.
6539	Set the volume level, adjusting the device's volume based on the specified change in volume while ensuring the volume level stays within the maximum volume limit.
6540	Restores the starting position by initializing various game state variables and structures.
6541	Gets the piece at the given square.
6542	Removes a piece from the given square if present, with an option to add it to the hand. Updates the board's piece BitBoard and incremental Zobrist hash.
6543	Sets a piece at the given square, replacing any existing piece. Handles moving pieces from and to hand, updating piece bitboards, king positions, and theoccupied board. Updates the incremental Zobrist hash for the new piece placement.
6544	Checks if the given move would leave the king in check or put it into check by dropping a pawn.
6545	Check if the opponent's king is under attack, indicating an invalid position reached by an illegal move.
6546	Checks if the game is over due to checkmate, stalemate, or fourfold repetition.
6547	Checks if the current position is a checkmate. Returns True if it is,False otherwise.
6548	Check if a game position has occurred for the fourth time on consecutive alternating moves.
6549	Restores the previous position and returns the last move from the stack.
6550	Converts the current chess position into its SFEN (Standard ForsythEdwards Notation) representation.
6551	Parses a move in standard coordinate notation, makes the move, and pushes it onto the move stack. Raises `ValueError` if the move is neither legal nor a null move. Returns the move.
6552	Generate a Zobrist hash for a given board state and pieces in hand.
6553	Get the symbol for a piece based on its color.
6554	Creates a piece instance from a piece symbol, raising `ValueError` if the symbol is invalid.
6555	Gets an USI string for the move.
6556	Parses an USI string and raises a `ValueError` if the USI string is invalid.
6557	Parse a string of commit information and yield each commit as a dictionary.
6558	Parse a single commit and return a dictionary representing the completely parsed commit.
6559	Modify the Django command parser to load a configuration file from the command line arguments.
6560	Load's config then runs Django's execute_from_command_line
6561	Adds an argument for config to an existing argparser, providing information on how to specify the config file and default values.
6562	Find config file and set values
6563	Dumps initial config in YAML format with optional overrides and documentation comments.
6564	Documents values in markdown.
6565	Converts string to type requested by `cast_as`
6566	Returns all dates from first to last, inclusive.
6567	A fast date parser that converts a string in the format 'YYYY-MM-DD' or 'DD Month YYYY' into a datetime.date object.
6568	Loads the content of a file from a URL or a local file path and then processes it based on whether the file is a ZIP or a text file.
6569	Fill missing rates of a currency with the closest available ones.
6570	Fill missing rates of a currency using linear interpolation of the two closest available rates.
6571	Receives a currency and date as parameters and returns the exchange rate for  
that currency on the specified date. Raises an exception if the currency  
does not exist or if the date is outside the specified range.
6572	Convert an amount from one currency to another using the specified date and conversion rates.
6573	Group iterable by n elements, filling shorter groups with a specified fill value.
6574	Animate given frames for a set number of iterations with a specified interval between frames.
6575	Returns record `n` as 1,024 bytes; records are indexed from 1.
6576	Write `data` to file record `n` where records are indexed from 1.
6577	Returns a memory-map of the elements from index `start` through `end` in the file, inclusive. Handles memory alignment and file operations.
6578	Return the text inside the comment area of the file.
6579	Add a new array to the DAF file, update the summary, and record the start and end word fields.
6580	Close this SPK file and clean up associated resources.
6581	Compute the component values for the time `tdb` plus `tdb2`.
6582	Close the file and delete the data from segments if they contain it.
6583	Map the coefficients into memory using a NumPy array.
6584	Generate angles and derivatives for a given time, with the option to return either the angles alone or both the angles and their derivatives. The method handles both scalar and array inputs, and computes the result based on preloaded coefficients and a specified time interval. If the time falls outside the valid range of the segment, a ValueError is raised.
6585	Visit a function call to detect logging level and check for violations
6586	Process binary operations while logging arguments.
6587	Process dict arguments and check whitelisted keys and exception values.
6588	Process f-string arguments and check for violations within logging statements.
6589	```Set up recording of elements with this hook.
```
6590	Process except blocks.
6591	Heuristic to decide whether an AST Call is a logging call. Try to find a previous default, case or switch and return its indentation or None if not found.
6592	Return the exception name from an ExceptHandler node in both py2 and py3. Return None if no name is found.
6593	Check if value has id attribute and return it. If not, get id from nested value attribute.
6594	Returns true if the node provided is a bare exception name from an except block
6595	Reports a violation if exc_info keyword is used with logging.error or logging.exception.
6596	Deletes a file from the database if it's a new file being saved, ensuring the previous file is removed only when the file is being changed. Call before saving the instance.
6597	Edit the download-link inner text by modifying the `get_template_substitution_values` and `get_context` methods in a Django widget class.
6598	Returns the freshly rendered content for the template and context described by the PDFResponse. This method does not set the final content of the response; you must call render() or set the content explicitly using the value of this property.
6599	Returns a PDF response with a template rendered with the given context.
6600	Given a Unicode string, convert it to a valid ASCII charset string suitable for use in HTTP headers and similar contexts by escaping double quotes and backslashes. If the `unidecode` library is available, it is used to convert non-ASCII characters to their closest ASCII representations before encoding.
6601	Sets defaults for ``class Meta`` declarations from `module` attributes starting with `prefix` or explicitly passed keyword arguments.
6602	Converts a given string from CamelCase to under_score.
6603	Builds all indices listed in the model's Meta class.
6604	Load and parse a .csv file to extract price elements and return a list of PriceModel objects with the specified currency.
6605	Loads the content of the text file.
6606	Parses a CSV line into a price element
6607	translate the incoming symbol into locally-used
6608	Loads all symbol maps from the database and stores them in a dictionary.
6609	Reuses the same db session
6610	Add individual price
6611	Import prices from CSV file.
6612	Display the last price for a given symbol or all securities if no symbol is provided.
6613	Display all prices based on date, currency, and last flag.
6614	Download the latest prices
6615	Delete old prices, leaving just the last.
6616	Returns the default session by reading the database path from the default configuration file. Raises a ValueError if the price database is not set in the configuration file.
6617	Creates a symbol mapping
6618	Displays all symbol maps.
6619	Find the map by in-symbol.
6620	Reads text lines from a file
6621	maps data from entity -> PriceModel
6622	maps data from model - > Price entity
6623	Read the config file
6624	get the default config path from resources
6625	Copy the config template into user's directory.
6626	Returns the path where the active config file is expected, which is the user's profile folder.
6627	Reads the contents of the config file
6628	Sets a value in config
6629	Retrieves a configuration value based on the provided ConfigKeys option.
6630	```Save the configuration file by writing its contents to a file path obtained through `get_config_path()` method.```
6631	Splits the symbol into a namespace and a mnemonic tuple.
6632	Creates a new price record
6633	Adds or updates a price entity in the database.
6634	Download and save price online.
6635	Provides initialization and access to the current database session
6636	Fetches all the prices for the given arguments and returns a list of PriceModel objects.
6637	Returns the latest price on the specified date for the given symbol from the price repository, filtered by namespace.
6638	Prune historical prices for all symbols, leaving only the latest. Returns the number of items removed.
6639	Delete all but the latest available price for the given symbol and returns the number of items removed.
6640	Downloads and parses the price
6641	Fetches securities that match the given filters.
6642	Return partial of original function call
6643	Replace child nodes on original function call with their partials.
6644	Descend depth first into all child nodes, including the current node if specified.
6645	Decorator for multi to remove nodes for original test functions from root node.
6646	Verifies that a part of the student's code has the same length as the corresponding part of the solution.
6647	Check if ASTs of student and solution code are equal
6648	Test if the student typed a (pattern of) text.
6649	Checks whether a student correctly imported a package or function, allowing for different ways of aliasing by default or requiring the correct alias if `same_as=True`. Provides feedback messages if the import is incorrect or if the alias is wrong.
6650	Check for the presence of a specific pattern or substring in the student output.
6651	Check if the specified printout occurred in the student's output.
6652	Check whether the submission did not generate a runtime error. If errors are found, display a custom incorrect message or the default one.
6653	Test a multiple-choice exercise by verifying the student's selected option against the correct answer and updating the state with appropriate feedback.
6654	Check whether a particular function is called, verify arguments, and compare results.
6655	Get a value from process and return a tuple containing the value and the original result, or the original result as a string if it is an exception.
6656	Override the solution code with something arbitrary.
6657	Check whether an object is an instance of a certain class.
6658	Returns a copy of the instance, excluding entries where the value is `EMPTY`.
6659	Dive into nested tree
6660	Getter for parser outputs. Cache results if possible; otherwise, run parser over tree and cache the result.
6661	When dispatched on loops, check if the target vars are the attribute _target_vars.
6662	Loops over each context manager in the given state and checks for context
6663	Check if a given part exists in the state and its corresponding solution. If the part is missing or incorrectly specified, raise an error with a custom message. If the part exists, assert its AST and return a child state with the part as its AST tree.
6664	Return child state with indexed name part as its ast tree.  
`index` can be an integer, string, or list of indices to index student and solution parts.
6665	Check whether a function argument is specified.
6666	Prepares a check for a function definition or lambda function call based on a given call string and argument string. Returns a child node with the result of the check.
6667	Return the true anomaly at each time
6668	Initializes the extension with the given Flask app, registering a teardown callback and attaching the `LDAP3LoginManager` to the app.
6669	Initializes the configuration for the extension with a given dictionary, allowing flexible use without a Flask app. It sets default values for various LDAP configuration options and can optionally add an LDAP server based on the configuration.
6670	Add a server to the server pool and return it.
6671	Remove a connection from the appcontext.
6672	Cleanup after a request, close any open connections.
6673	An abstracted authentication method. Decides whether to perform a direct bind or a search bind based upon the login attribute configured in the config. Returns an AuthenticationResponse.
6674	Performs a direct bind using the provided username and password, retrieves user information, and handles authentication success or failure.
6675	Authenticate a user using search bind. This method is required when the login attribute is not the same as the RDN. It first binds to LDAP as a user, then searches for the user's DN and attempts to bind with their credentials. Returns an AuthenticationResponse object.
6676	Returns a list of LDAP groups a user at the specified DN is a member of.
6677	Gets info about a user specified at dn.
6678	Gets info about a user at a specified username by searching the Users DN.
6679	Method to retrieve an object from LDAP using a specified DN, filter, and attributes.
6680	Convenience property for accessing an authenticated connection to the server.
6681	Make a connection to the LDAP Directory.
6682	Make a connection with optional binding user and password. If contextualise is True, add this connection to the appcontext. Returns an unbound ldap3.Connection.
6683	Destroys a connection. Removes the connection from the appcontext, and unbinds it.
6684	Query an S3 endpoint for an image based on a string.
6685	Search and display labels based on key-value pairs.
6686	Query a GitLab artifacts folder for a list of images. If query is None, collections are listed.
6687	Performs a search for all successful jobs in a specified GitLab collection, filtering for artifacts that end with 'zip', and returns URLs to browse these artifacts.
6688	```
Announce the client's identity and database information, unless the client is in quiet mode. If additional announcements are needed, implement the `_speak` method.
```
6689	If a command is not in the predefined list or if `quiet` is `False`, the client will announce itself by calling the `speak()` method.
6690	Retrieves the Google Drive credentials and root directory from the environment variables, setting default values if necessary. If the credentials are not found, an error message is displayed, and the program exits.
6691	Update headers with a token and other fields.
6692	This method ensures that the client has the secrets file and optionally checks for specific parameters being defined. It fails if the required client secrets or parameters are missing.
6693	Retrieve file from given URL and save it to specified destination.
6694	Stream data from a URL to a file with optional SSL verification and token updates.
6695	Updating the headers with AWS ECR authentication token
6696	Creates or retrieves a folder at the drive root with the given name. If the folder already exists, it returns the existing folder.
6697	Attempts to read the specified field from the response body and returns its content. If the field is not found, it defaults to using the response's reason.
6698	Provides functionality to get or create an S3 bucket dynamically.
6699	Update the client secrets and API base using a secrets credential file located at .sregistry or the environment variable SREGISTRY_CLIENT_SECRETS.
6700	Initialize clients by obtaining transfer and access tokens and creating a transfer client.
6701	Load the Globus OAuthTokenResponse and Globus Transfer Response credentials from the settings or cache.
6702	Logs the container's logs. If `name` is provided, it returns the logs for that specific container. If not, it returns the logs for the most recently created container.
6703	Returns a list of log files from a bucket. Filters files based on the .log extension.
6704	Creates an endpoint folder, catching the error if it exists.
6705	This method initializes a transfer client for the user by updating tokens if needed, creating an authorizer using the refresh token, and then using that authorizer to instantiate a TransferClient.
6706	Returns a list of all objects with custom properties value type set to container
6707	Print the status for all or one of the backends.
6708	Add the variable to the config with the specified backend and value, ensuring it follows the correct naming convention and is unique within the backend settings. If the variable already exists, it will only be updated if the `force` flag is set.
6709	Remove a variable from the configuration if it exists and doesn't begin with a specific prefix.
6710	Activates a backend by adding it to the .sregistry configuration file.
6711	Delete a backend and update the secrets file
6712	Update the base based on an image name, detecting a particular registry and updating self.base if necessary.
6713	Generate a base64 encoded header for basic authentication, encoding a username and password and adding it to the Authorization header.
6714	Generate HMAC signature using payload and secret.
6715	Authorize a client based on encrypting the payload with the client secret, timestamp, and other metadata.
6716	Send a DELETE request to a specified URL with optional headers and other parameters.
6717	Method to perform a HEAD request on a specified URL, typically used for retrieving status codes.
6718	Fetches data from a paginated API endpoint.
6719	Verify whether SSL certificate checks should be disabled, returning `True` if they are enabled and `False` otherwise. If SSL checks are disabled, issue a warning message.
6720	Deletes a specified image from a Singularity Registry, prompting for confirmation unless the force flag is set.
6721	Load version information from a file without importing the module directly
6722	Read requirements and versions from a lookup dictionary to generate a list of dependencies for installation.
6723	Function retrieves the Singularity version by first checking an environmental variable, and if not found, by running the `--version` command to detect the version. Returns the version or `None` if not found.
6724	Given software to check if installed and optionally suppresses output, runs a version check using the `run_command` function and returns True if installed.
6725	Method returns the installation directory of the application
6726	```python
Return the robot.png thumbnail from the database folder. If a different image has been exported by the user, return that instead.
```
6727	Run the specified command using subprocess and return the output as a dictionary containing the message and return code. If sudo is True, prepend 'sudo' to the command. If the command is not found, retry without 'sudo' and return the output. If the output message is in bytes, decode it to UTF-8.
6728	This method wraps the primary `get_metadata` function, parsing a Dropbox `FileMetadata` object into a dictionary and then passing it along with the `image_file` parameter to the primary function.
6729	update secrets looks for a dropbox token in the environment at SREGISTRY_DROPBOX_TOKEN if found creates dropbox client Else display error message and exit
6730	This method prints the output to the console for the user. If the user wants the content also printed to an output file, it writes the output to the specified file.
6731	```Create a helper function to kill an instance by calling the "kill" function of the client.```
6732	List a specific log for a builder, or the latest log if none provided.
6733	return a listing of collections that the user has access to.
6734	Set up a connection to OpenStack Swift using authentication details from environment variables.
6735	Checks for the presence of the "GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS" environment variable. If the variable is not found, it logs an error message and exits the program.
6736	Get the correct client based on the driver of interest and initialize it with the provided parameters.
6737	Open an IPython shell with an optional endpoint.
6738	Returns a dictionary containing manifest data for a given repository name and possibly a digest. The function iterates over three schema versions: v1, v2, and 'config', and uses the `_get_manifest` method to fetch the corresponding manifest. If the fetched manifest is not None, it updates the `manifests` dictionary with the schema version as the key and the manifest as the value. If the schema version is v2 and the manifest contains a configuration, it attempts to fetch the configuration as a blob and updates the `manifests` dictionary with the key 'config'. The `manifests` dictionary is returned at the end.
6739	Retrieve image manifest for a specific repository and tag.
6740	Determines the user preference for atomic download of layers, prioritizing the Singularity cache directory or using the default tmp directory if not specified.
6741	Extracts the environment from the manifest and returns it as a string.
6742	Updates the base settings for GitLab, including the API endpoint and job details.
6743	update secrets will update metadata needed for pull and search
6744	Return a dictionary containing metadata for a job including GitLab folder, API base, GitLab base, and GitLab job.
6745	Get all settings for a specific client or across all clients. If a client name is provided, return settings for that client; otherwise, return settings for all clients.
6746	Exit the program if no value is retrieved for a setting.
6747	Updates a setting using the provided name and value.
6748	Authorizes a client by encrypting the payload with a client token and return an authorization string.
6749	List builders or instances for the project, starting with 'sregistry-builder'. If no project is specified, the default is the environment. The zone defaults to 'us-west1-a' if not set. The instances are listed with their names and statuses.
6750	load a template by partial name
6751	Get the IP address of an inserted instance, with retries and delay to account for startup time.
6752	Run a build by inserting an instance and handle retries in case of failure.
6753	Returns a list of containers from the bucket where the metadata field "type" has the value "container". Alerts the user if no containers are found and exits.
6754	Returns all objects with custom metadata value of "container"
6755	List images from an external resource using the `query` argument. If `query` is an empty string or `*`, it lists all images.
6756	This method is the entry point for the image sharing functionality in the application. It takes in arguments related to the image to be shared, such as the image file, recipient, and command to be executed. The method iterates over the provided images, detects any URIs, refreshes the client if necessary, announces the command, and shares the image with the specified recipient.
6757	Initializes the database with a given path or default path, sets up the database engine and session, and creates all models.
6758	Retrieve the default build template from a specified directory and return it if it exists, otherwise return a warning message.
6759	Searches for containers based on a query and an endpoint. If no query is provided, lists all shared and personal endpoints. If an endpoint is provided but no query, lists containers in that endpoint. If both query and endpoint are provided, searches the specified endpoint for the given pattern.
6760	Lists all endpoints and provides the user with a table to select an endpoint id for further inquiry.
6761	List files within a specified endpoint, optionally filtering by path and query.
6762	Returns a shareable link for an image using Dropbox API and returns the URL.
6763	Retrieves client secrets for private or protected registries, defaulting to Singularity Hub if no secrets are found.
6764	get version 1 of the google compute and storage service
6765	delete a file from a bucket
6766	Deletes an image from Google Storage based on the provided name.
6767	Destroy an instance, meaning terminate it and halt the build process.

Parameters
==========

- **name**: The name of the instance to stop building.
6768	get\_subparser will extract a dictionary of subparsers from the given argparse parser, which can be used to display help for each subcommand.
6769	Method generates a robot name by combining a descriptor, a noun, and a string of random characters, separated by a specified delimiter.
6770	```plaintext
Creates a temporary directory with an optional prefix and creates it if it doesn't already exist.
```
6771	Extract a tar archive to a specified output folder
6772	Extract an archive using the blob2oci script and return the result
6773	Find the SHA256 hash string of a file
6774	Read file content
6775	Read JSON file and return data as a dictionary.
6776	Deletes a list of files if they exist.
6777	Pushes an image to an S3 endpoint.
6778	Retrieves or creates a collection by name, adding it to the database if it doesn't already exist.
6779	Returns a collection if it exists, otherwise returns None
6780	Retrieves a container based on name, collection ID, tag, and version. Returns None if not found.
6781	List local images in the database, optionally with a query.
6782	```plaintext
Inspect a local image in the database, which typically includes the basic fields in the model. Prints the name of the container and its details in a formatted JSON structure.
```
6783	Renames an image by moving it to a new path while maintaining the original directory structure in storage. If the image is not found, logs a warning.
6784	Move an image from its current location to a new path.
6785	Remove an image from the database and filesystem.
6786	Adds an image to a container, handling local files, URLs, and metadata, and updating or creating the container as necessary.
6787	Push an image to the Singularity Registry.
6788	Parse and extract the header value from a recipe file, optionally removing the header key.
6789	find_single_recipe will parse a single file, and if valid, return an updated manifest
6790	Create a temporary folder, copy a list of files into it, compress the folder into a .tar.gz file, rename the file based on the SHA-256 hash, and return the full path to the renamed .tar.gz file in the temporary folder.
6791	Run a build process in the service, retry if there is a failure, and update relevant metadata and visibility if successful.
6792	Updates the metadata of a Google Cloud Storage blob with details from a build response and configuration.
6793	Convert a name to a format suitable for a container by removing special characters (except those specified).
6794	Check if color should be added to a print based on terminal support and user preference
6795	Determine if a given logging level should output to stderr, excluding levels INFO and QUIET.
6796	Ensure a message is encoded in UTF-8 before writing it to a stream.
6797	Prints a table of entries using the provided rows and column width.
6798	Push an image to a Globus endpoint.
6799	Gets a default template for a function in sregistry by
6800	Fetch the image manifest from AWS ECR using the repository name and tag, save it in self.manifest, and return it.
6801	This method retrieves a build template based on the specified package manager (default is 'apt').
6802	Update client secrets and API base using a credential file or environment variable. Handle required settings and check for credential cache.
6803	Generate a repr string for a class based on its attributes and their values.
6804	Translate S3 errors to FSErrors.
6805	Create a S3File backed with a temporary file.
6806	Builds a Gravatar URL from an user or email
6807	Builds a URL to a gravatar from an email address, allowing customization of size, default image, rating, and protocol.
6808	Check if a user has a Gravatar based on their email address.
6809	Builds a URL to a Gravatar profile from an email address.
6810	Generator for blocks for a chimera block quotient.
6811	Extract the blocks from a graph and returns a block-quotient graph according to the acceptability functions block_good and eblock_good.
6812	Generates a set of resonance SMILES strings from a given SMILES string.
6813	Enumerate all possible resonance forms of a molecule and return them as a list.
6814	Applies a series of normalization transforms to correct functional groups and recombine charges. The transforms are applied repeatedly until no further changes occur or if a maximum number of restarts is reached.
6815	Repeatedly applies a normalization transform to a molecule until no changes occur or after 20 attempts. Returns the first product alphabetically by SMILES or None if the rule is not applicable.
6816	Return a canonical tautomer by enumerating and scoring all possible tautomers.
6817	Return log messages for a given SMILES string using the default validations.
6818	Break covalent bonds between metals and organic atoms under certain conditions.
6819	Convert a SMILES string to its standardized canonical form.
6820	Return a set of tautomers as SMILES strings, given a SMILES string.
6821	Return a standardized canonical tautomer SMILES string given a SMILES string.
6822	return a standardized version the given molecule. The standardization process consists of several stages including removing hydrogen atoms, sanitizing the molecule, disconnecting metals, normalizing the molecule, reionizing, and assigning stereochemistry.
6823	Return the tautomer parent of a given molecule
6824	Return the largest organic covalent unit, the fragment parent, of a given molecule after standardization, unless already standardized.
6825	Return the stereo parent of a given molecule. The stereo parent has all stereochemistry information removed from tetrahedral centers and double bonds.
6826	Returns the isotope parent of a given molecule by replacing all atoms with the most abundant isotope for that element, optionally skipping standardization.
6827	Return the charge parent of a given molecule. The charge parent is the uncharged version of the fragment parent. If the molecule has already been standardized, set skip_standardize to True. The method returns the uncharged version of the molecule after removing charges from any ionized acids and bases, and ensuring that any remaining charges are in the correct positions.
6828	Return the super parent of a given molecule. The super parent is fragment, charge, isotope, stereochemistry and tautomer insensitive. From the input molecule, the largest fragment is taken. This is uncharged and then isotope and stereochemistry information is discarded. Finally, the canonical tautomer is determined and returned.
6829	Builds a command-line interface for the molvs library, allowing users to standardize or validate molecules from files, SMILES strings, or stdin, and outputting results to files or stdout.
6830	Return the molecule with specified fragments removed.
6831	Choose the largest covalent unit from a molecule based on number of atoms, molecular weight, and SMILES order.
6832	Integration of an initial value problem (IVP) for the van der Pol oscillator using either adaptive or predefined time steps. The function allows for specifying initial conditions, time span, tolerance levels, and plotting options.
6833	Retrieves the statistics from a given GitHub organization using the provided credentials, caching the results to avoid excessive API requests.
6834	Retrieves the number of members of the organization.
6835	Retrieves the number of teams in the organization.
6836	Retrieves info about the repos of the current organization.
6837	Retrieves the number of contributors to a repository in the organization and updates the unique contributor list and contributors JSON accordingly.
6838	Retrieves the number of open and closed pull requests on a repository in the organization.
6839	Retrieves the number of closed issues for a given repository
6840	Checks if the given repository has a README file recognized by GitHub.
6841	Checks if the given repo has a top-level LICENSE file.
6842	Retrieves the number of commits to a repo in a specified organization and saves the commits to JSON if they have not been saved before. If there are previous commits saved, it only retrieves commits that have not been saved since the last date of commits. It also counts the total number of commits in the repo and returns this count.
6843	Write stats from an organization to a JSON file.
6844	Updates the total.csv file with current data.
6845	Updates languages.csv file with current data.
6846	Checks if a directory exists, creates it if not.
6847	Removes all rows of the specified date from a CSV file, defaulting to the current date.
6848	Return a list of the names of US Government GitHub organizations.
6849	Create a github3.py session for a GitHub Enterprise instance
6850	Checks if the GitHub API rate limit has been exceeded and waits until it resets before returning.
6851	Create a GitHub session for making requests
6852	Yields GitHub3.py repo objects for provided orgs and repo names.
6853	Retrieves an organization via the given organization name. If no name is provided, prompts the user for one.
6854	Writes stargazers data to file.
6855	Create CodeGovProject object from GitLab Repository.
6856	Create a CodeGovProject object from a DOE CODE record.
6857	Lookup license object information from a given license name.
6858	Retrieves the traffic for the repositories of a given organization by making API calls to fetch referrers, paths, views, clones, and releases.
6859	Retrieves the releases for the given repository and stores them in JSON format.
6860	Retrieves the total and unique referrers for all repos and stores it in a dictionary.
6861	Retrieves specified data from JSON and stores it in the supplied dictionary based on the specified type ('clones' or 'views').
6862	Writes all traffic data to a JSON file.
6863	Writes all traffic data to file by writing referrers, views, and clones data to separate files based on the provided parameters.
6864	Checks the given CSV file against the JSON data scraped for a given dictionary, removes redundant data, and returns the count of rows from the file.
6865	Writes a dictionary to a file, appending new entries and updating the row count.
6866	Writes the referrers data to file, appending to the specified file path. The data includes the date, organization, referrer, count, count (logged), uniques, and uniques (logged). If the file does not exist, it creates a header row with the column names.
6867	Converts a DOE CODE .json file into DOE CODE projects and yields DOE CODE records from the file.
6868	Fetches and yields DOE CODE records from a JSON URL using a provided API key.
6869	Yields DOE CODE records based on provided input sources.
6870	Performs a login and sets the Github object via given credentials. Handles Two Factor Authentication and prompts user for credentials if not provided. Stores the authentication token in a CREDENTIALS_FILE for future logins.
6871	Retrieves the emails of the members of the organization and stores them in a dictionary. If a member has no public email, it is stored as 'none'.
6872	Writes the user emails to file.
6873	Returns a connected Bitbucket session and logs the connection details.
6874	Return a connected GitLab session, authenticate using a private token, and raise an error if the token is invalid or missing.
6875	Yields GitLab project objects for all projects in the list `repos`, or all projects in Bitbucket if `repos` is an empty list.
6876	Clones a Git repository and calculates the total number of lines of code (LOC) using the cloc tool.
6877	Compute the labor hours based on the source lines of code using the COCOMO II model.
6878	Recursively remove None or empty string values from dictionary items
6879	Read a 'pretty' formatted GraphQL query file into a one-line string. Removes line breaks and comments. Condenses white space.
6880	Submit a GitHub GraphQL query from a file.
6881	Sends a curl request to GitHub, handling both GraphQL and REST APIs, and returns the response details.
6882	Wait for a specified UTC timestamp and provide verbose output during the countdown.
6883	A countdown function that prints a counter message and waits for a specified amount of time, with an option to suppress extra printouts.
6884	Load a JSON data file into the internal JSON data dictionary. If no file path is provided, the stored data file path will be used.
6885	Write the internal JSON data dictionary to a JSON data file. If no file path is provided, the stored data file path will be used.
6886	Creates the TFS Connection Context with authentication using a token.
6887	Create a client for analyzing projects on a Team Foundation Server Enterprise connection instance. If no token is provided, attempts to use the TFS_API_TOKEN environment variable. Raises a RuntimeError if unable to connect with the provided token.
6888	Create a CoreClient for a TFS Enterprise connection instance.
6889	Creates a TFS Git Client for pulling Git repo info using a URL and an optional token.
6890	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
6891	Returns a list of all git repos for the supplied project within the supplied collection.
6892	Returns a list of all TFVC branches for the supplied project within the supplied collection.
6893	Does Github login, and calculates the number of commits for the current year before writing them to a file.
6894	```python
Calculate the total number of commits by subtracting weekly commits from a starting value and traversing through the last year in reverse chronological order.
```
6895	Writes the weeks with associated commits to file
6896	Instantiates and configures backends based on a list of configuration dictionaries. Each dictionary specifies a backend class and options. The function raises an exception if there's an error in configuration if `raise_errors` is set to `True`. If `raise_errors` is `False`, it logs the error instead. The function then calls `_change_metrics` to apply the configured backends.
6897	Return a ``MetricsInterface`` instance with specified name.
6898	Record a timing value andmetrics.
6899	Contextmanager for computing timings.
6900	Timer decorator for easily computing timings.
6901	Generate a tag for use with tag backends by sanitizing the key and value, ensuring the key starts with a letter, and truncating the final tag to 200 characters. If the tag is "device", "host", or "source", an underscore is appended.
6902	Report a timing.
6903	Report a histogram.
6904	Roll up stats and log them.
6905	This function creates an annotation value to sort query results based on the order of specified enum members. It takes the name of an EnumChoiceField and an iterable of Enum members as input. The function returns a Case object that can be used with Django's annotation method to sort the results according to the specified order. Any enum members not included in the provided list will be sorted to the end of the results.
6906	Convert a string from the database into an Enum value.
6907	Convert a string from a form into an Enum value.
6908	Convert an Enum value into a string for the database
6909	Resolve a path within an object, returning a set of elements based on the path's context and index.
6910	Map USLs to allowed terms in a dictionary, grouping USLs by related tables and filtering by allowed terms if specified.
6911	Calculate the mean value.
6912	Record an event with the meter and update counters accordingly.
6913	Returns the mean rate of the events since the start of the process.
6914	Record an event with the derive by updating the value and then calling the superclass method with the calculated value.
6915	Sends a metric and its snapshot by serializing them and sending them through a buffered method.
6916	Return serialized and formatted measures of a metric for the specified keys.
6917	Compose a statsd compatible string for a metric's measurement.
6918	Adds a metric to the buffer and sends it if the threshold is reached.
6919	Return a configuration setting from the given section and option, raising MissingSetting if unset.
6920	Converts data to a UTF-8 encoded string if it is not already in that format.
6921	Fetch a value from a section and option, setting a default if it doesn't exist.
6922	Return a dict mapping human codes to exactonline guid mappings based on the provided codes. If any code is not found, raise an `UnknownLedgerCodes` exception with the missing codes.
6923	This function retrieves a dictionary of divisions and returns it along with the current division ID.
6924	Map exact Invoicenumbers to foreign numbers
6925	Solve a Sudoku grid inplace by converting it into a SAT problem and using a solver to find the solution.
6926	Create a Django class-based view from an injector class.
6927	Create a Django form processing class-based view from an injector class.
6928	Create a Flask method-based dispatching view from an injector class.
6929	Create a DRF class-based API view from an injector class.
6930	```http
Create DRF generic class-based API view from injector class.
```
6931	Create DRF model view set from injector class.
6932	Recieve a streamer for a given file descriptor.
6933	Called by the event loop whenever the fd is ready for reading. It reads data from the file descriptor and handles it accordingly.
6934	Handles the closing of the connection by setting `_closing` to `True`, pausing reading, and calling `_call_connection_lost` with the provided error (if any).
6935	Finalize closing by calling the protocol's connection_lost method and then closing the file descriptor, setting it and the protocol to None, and setting the loop to None.
6936	Add a new watching rule.
6937	Stops watching a given rule and removes associated descriptors, requests, and aliases. If the alias is unknown, raises a ValueError. If the watch descriptor cannot be removed, raises an IOError.
6938	Sets up an inotify watch on a given path with specified flags and registers it with an alias.
6939	Starts a watcher, registering new watches if any.
6940	Fetches an event from the stream and returns it as an Event object. Ignores events for removed watches.
6941	Respond to `nsqd` that you need more time to process the message.
6942	Update the timer to reflect a successful call by decreasing the short and long intervals and ensuring they do not go below zero before calling `update_interval`.
6943	Updates timers for failed call, ensuring they do not exceed maximum values and then updates interval.
6944	Stop all connections and periodic callbacks
6945	Given a NSQ reader, identifies when buffered messages should be processed and responded to
6946	Connects to an NSQ daemon at the specified host and port, handling various events and errors, and avoiding rapid reconnection attempts.
6947	Trigger a query to the configured ``nsq_lookupd_http_addresses`` to retrieve information about the topic.
6948	Dynamically adjust the reader's max_in_flight value. Set it to 0 to immediately disable the reader. Adjusts the readiness state of all connections accordingly.
6949	Called when a message has been received where `msg.attempts > max_tries`. This is useful to subclass and override to perform a task (such as writing to disk, etc.).
6950	Listen for the named event with the specified callback.
6951	Stop listening for the named event via the specified callback.
6952	Execute the callbacks for the listeners on the specified event with the supplied arguments.
6953	Publishes a message to NSQ.
6954	Transforms features in the dataset.
6955	Make a prediction based on the input data and mode. Check the input data and mode, and transform the input data accordingly. Calculate the prediction using the score function and return the results.
6956	Return the value of the theta sigmoid function for a given input `s`.
6957	Retrieves statistics from a Trimmomatic log file, including total length after trimming, total trimmed base pairs, and percentages of 5' and 3' end trimming.
6958	Cleans the working directory of unwanted temporary files, specifically unpaired fastq files and temporary fastq files if the `clear` parameter is set to "true" and certain conditions are met.
6959	Merges the default adapters file in the trimmomatic adapters directory and returns the path to the merged file.
6960	Executes the Trimmomatic template for paired-end fastq files, trimming adapters and applying specified quality thresholds.
6961	Function that reads a SAMtools depth file and creates a dictionary of coverage per reference and position.
6962	Handles the inputs required to parse depth files from bowtie, loads a dictionary from a file, reads the depth file, generates coverage dictionaries, dumps the data to a JSON file, and writes a report to .report.json.
6963	Sets the path to the appropriate Jinja template file Based on the template argument, it fetches the location of the template file Raises an exception if the template file is not found Otherwise, it sets the Process.template_path attribute.
6964	Sets the main channel names based on the provided input and output channel suffixes. This is performed when connecting processes. Parameters: input_suffix (str): Suffix added to the input channel. Should be based on the lane and an arbitrary unique id output_suffix (str): Suffix added to the output channel. Should be based on the lane and an arbitrary unique id lane (int): Sets the lane of the process.
6965	Returns the main raw channel for the process based on the input channel and input type.
6966	Wrapper to render a Jinja2 template from a file using a given context
6967	returns a populated template string by rendering with the provided context.
6968	Re renders the main channels for a process based on the provided keyword arguments, setting attributes like `input_channel`, `output_channel`, `template`, and `forks`. The process ID is appended to various channel prefixes, and if multiple main forks are specified, they are formatted into a single string.
6969	Updates the forks attribute with the sink channel destination and constructs a new forks string based on the updated forks list.
6970	Sets a secondary channel for a given source channel, forking its output into one or more channels specified in the `channel_list`.
6971	Updates the attributes of a process from a dictionary object. Processes that have been defined in the subclass will have their attributes and/or directives updated accordingly. The method allows for updating various directives, a special "params" attribute, and other custom attributes through the `attr_dict` input.
6972	Setting the input channels for the status process using a specified operator, either 'mix' or 'join', and handling the case where no channels are provided.
6973	Sets the main input channels of the pipeline and their forks based on a dictionary of raw input parameters. Updates the process' parameters and appends fork instructions to a list.
6974	Add secondary inputs to the pipeline.
6975	Sets the initial definition of the extra input channels based on the provided dictionary.
6976	Retrieves the coverage value from a header string by splitting it, searching for the first float value from the end. Returns the float value if found, otherwise returns None.
6977	Parse an assembly fasta file and populate the `contigs` attribute with data for each contig.
6978	Calculates the GC content and proportions for a given DNA sequence.
6979	Filters the contigs of the assembly according to user-provided comparisons.
6980	Returns the total length of the assembly, excluding filtered contigs.
6981	Writes the filtered assembly to a new file.
6982	Writes a report with the test results for the current assembly to the specified output file.
6983	Recursively removes nested brackets from a given string using regular expressions. Returns the string with only the processes that are not in inner forks.
6984	Performs two sanity checks in the pipeline string: ensuring each fork contains a lane token '|' and looking for duplicated processes within the same fork.
6985	Wrapper function that performs all sanity checks on the pipeline string. It removes all spaces and strips leading/trailing characters. Checks are performed using various helper functions, which are executed in sequence before parsing the pipeline string.
6986	Parses a pipeline string into a list of dictionaries with the connections between processes
6987	Returns the lane of the last process that matches fork_process
6988	Return a list of lanes from a raw pipeline string, ignoring any nested forks.
6989	Connects a linear list of processes into a list of dictionaries
6990	Establishes a connection between a process and the first processes in the lanes to which it forks, updating the lane counter accordingly
6991	Add unique identifiers and a dictionary with references between unique keys and original values to a pipeline string.
6992	Replace unique process identifiers in the pipeline links with their corresponding original process names.
6993	Checks whether the trace and log files are available
6994	Parses the nextflow trace file header and retrieves the positions of each column key. Returns a dictionary mapping the column ID to its position.
6995	Converts a human-readable time string ('hms') into seconds
6996	Converts a size string into bytes. The string can include units such as 'KB', 'MB', 'GB', 'TB', or no units. Returns the equivalent size in bytes as a float. For example, '1024KB' is converted to 1048576.
6997	Parses the .nextflow.log file and retrieves the complete list of processes. Searches for specific signatures at the beginning of the file to extract process names, skipping any processes in the blacklist and processes listed in the skip_processes attribute. Populates the `processes` attribute with process information and the `pipeline_tag` and `pipeline_name` attributes with pipeline information.
6998	Clears various attributes and status values related to pipeline inspection when re-executing a pipeline.
6999	Checks whether the channels to each process have been closed.
7000	Reads and returns the contents of a log file into a list, with each line as a separate entry. If the file does not exist, returns `None`.
7001	Assess CPU and memory usage warnings based on expected values.
7002	Updates the process stats with information from the processes. It re-populates the :attr:`process_stats` dictionary with new stat metrics.
7003	Parses the nextflow log file once and updates the submitted number of samples for each process.
7004	Wrapper method that updates inspection attributes by parsing log and trace files. Continuously loops, checks file changes, and ignores previously processed entries. Raises exceptions on failure after maximum retries.
7005	Initialize and display the overview of the default pipeline inspection with keybindings and updates.
7006	Curses scroll functionality that increments or decrements the top line based on the direction provided.
7007	Provies curses horizontal padding Adjusts the padding based on the given direction and screen dimensions
7008	Returns a list with the last `n` lines of the nextflow log file.
7009	Reads and returns static information such as pipeline and configuration files from a specified working directory.
7010	Open the .treeDag.json file in the current working directory and return a dictionary with the dag object.
7011	This method obtains the hash of a Nextflow pipeline by computing the MD5 hash of both the pipeline file and the current working directory along with the hostname and hardware address.
7012	Gets the nextflow file path from the nextflow log file by searching for the nextflow run command in the file.
7013	Splits FASTA sequences based on a minimum size and sample ID.
7014	Generates a JSON report from a Nextflow trace file for processes with a specified tag. Filters completed processes and extracts relevant information into a JSON structure, then writes it to both a stored JSON file and a report file.
7015	Brews a given list of processes according to the recipe. Validates the provided pipeline processes and returns the final pipeline string and a list of process strings.
7016	Generates a pipeline string from a given recipe name by importing and checking recipe classes in a specified module. If a matching recipe is found, its pipeline string is returned; otherwise, an error message is displayed and the program exits.
7017	Iterates over all available recipes, prints their information to the standard output. If `full` is true, it will provide the pipeline string along with the recipe name.
7018	Validates the pipeline string by searching for forbidden characters. Returns `False` if any forbidden characters are found and logs an error message; otherwise, returns `True`.
7019	Builds the upstream pipeline of the current process by recursively adding upstream processes to the pipeline fragment based on the provided process descriptions and total tasks.
7020	u Builds the downstream pipeline of the current process by checking for and adding downstream processes to the current pipeline fragment.
7021	Builds the possible forks and connections between the provided processes by looping through all the tasks, building the upstream and downstream pipelines if required, and returns all possible forks.
7022	Aggregates functions to create the pipeline string for the workflow generator.
7023	Generates a component string based on the provided parameters and directives
7024	Generates a report from multiple samples, writing both text and JSON formatted data to specified output files.
7025	**Summary:** Main executor of the trimmomatic_report template.
7026	Removes whitespace from the assembly contig names.
7027	Cleans the temporary fastq files. If they are symlinks, the link source is removed
7028	Parses a list of abricate output files and processes them using a private method, logging a warning if any file does not exist.
7029	Parses a single abricate output file and populates the ` Abricate.storage` attribute with compliant lines.
7030	Returns an iterator of entry objects that match one or more custom filters.
7031	Try to retrieve the contig id from a full contig string (fasta header). If successful, return the contig id; otherwise, return the original string.
7032	Generates the JSON report data to plot gene boxes.
7033	Writes JSON report data to a file. Combines plot and table data into a dictionary and writes it in a compact format.
7034	```plaintext
Main function to generate an assembly report for a given assembly file and sample ID. It calculates summary statistics, plots size Distribution, GC sliding, and coverage sliding data if a coverage file is provided, and writes the results to a JSON report.
```
7035	Returns new context stack which doesn t contain few levels
7036	Generates a CSV report with summary statistics about the assembly, including number of contigs, average contig size, N50, total assembly length, average GC content, and amount of missing data.
7037	Returns the mapping between sliding window points and their contigs, and the x-axis position of contig.
7038	Returns the proportion of GC (guanine and cytosine) bases in a given string.
7039	Calculates a sliding window of the GC content for the assembly
7040	Method to execute the Skesa template for processing paired FastQ files and handling cleanup.
7041	Writes a JSON report containing quality statistics for different categories.
7042	Returns the trim index from a `bool` list. The function finds an index position where there are two consecutive `False` elements after a `True` element, considering it as an optimal trim position. If the list has no `True` elements, it returns 0.
7043	Assess the optimal trim range for a given FastQC data file by parsing the 'Per base sequence content' category and marking biased nucleotide positions for future removal. Returns a list containing the 5' and 3' end trim indices.
7044	Get the optimal read trim range for paired-end FastQ reads based on the 'Per sequence GC content' from the FastQC data report files.
7045	Parses a FastQC summary report file and returns it as an ordered dictionary.
7046	Checks the health of a sample from the FastQC summary file by parsing the file and assessing various categories for compliance with predefined standards. Returns a boolean indicating whether the sample passes all tests and lists of failing and warning categories if any.
7047	Parse a bowtie log file and populate the `self.n_reads`, `self.align_0x`, `self.align_1x`, `self.align_mt1x`, and `self.overall_rate` attributes with data from the log file.urgicalatesures
7048	Parse process string and return process name and directives.
7049	Automatically adds a dependency of a process by adapting the input and output lanes and process ID.
7050	Function to search for a process template attribute in the process tree in reverse order, considering only the specified parent lanes.
7051	Adds the header template to the master template string
7052	Adds the footer template to the master template string
7053	Sets the main channels for the pipeline, parsing the `processes` attribute and performing tasks like setting input/output channels, updating main input channels, and checking for secondary channels.
7054	Sets up the initialization process by fetching the `Init` process instance and setting its raw and extra inputs.
7055	Sets the secondary channels for the pipeline by iterating over the `secondary_channels` dictionary and setting secondary links for each source.
7056	Compiles all status and report channels for the status compiler process. Adds the compiled processes to `self.processes`. Raises an exception if duplicate status channels are detected.
7057	Returns a nextflow resources string from a dictionary object
7058	Returns a formatted string for nextflow containers based on a dictionary of process directives and a unique process identifier.
7059	Returns the nextflow params string from a dictionary object
7060	Returns the merged nextflow params string from a dictionary object.
7061	Create nextflow manifest config string for inclusion in nextflow config file.
7062	This method sets up Nextflow configuration files by iterating over processes in a pipeline, collecting directives, and rendering configuration strings for resources, containers, parameters, manifest, and help.
7063	Writes a tree-like dictionary representing processes to a JSON output file.
7064	Write pipeline attributes to JSON file
7065	Writes all configuration files (resources.config, containers.config, params.config, manifest.config) to the pipeline directory and also creates a user.config if it's not already present. It also generates and writes the pipeline DAG as an HTML file.
7066	Export pipeline params as a JSON to stdout.
7067	Export pipeline directives as a JSON to stdout
7068	Export all Docker Hub tags associated with each component given by the `-t` flag.
7069	Main pipeline builder that builds the nextflow code by setting the header, channels, secondary channels, compiler channels, configurations, and writing the code to a nextflow file.
7070	Set a list of k-mer values based on the provided kmer option and the maximum read length.
7071	Main executor of the spades template.
7072	Returns a hash of the reports JSON file.
7073	Parses the nextflow trace file and retrieves the path of report JSON files that have not been sent to the service yet.
7074	Parses nextflow log file and updates the run status
7075	Sends a PUT request with the report JSON files currently in the `report_queue` attribute, handling buffer sizes, file presence, JSON compilation, and logging.
7076	Sends a POST request to initialize the live reports
7077	Sends a delete request to close a connection using the provided report ID and handles potential connection errors or server issues.
7078	Generates an adapter file for FastQC from a fasta file. Returns the path to the reformatted adapter file if successful, or None if the input file does not exist or is incorrect.
7079	Run FastQC on a pair of FASTQ files with optional adapter file and number of CPUs.
7080	Send dictionary to output json file. This function sends the `master_dict` dictionary to a JSON file if it is populated with entries, otherwise it won't create the file. It also iterates through the `master_dict` to create a `plot_dict` and writes a JSON report file.
7081	Summarize the above code
7082	Writes a JSON file `.versions` based on metadata from a template script and specific functions that gather software versions.
7083	Method to read a Mash screen txt output file, extract relevant data, and convert it into a JSON format.
7084	Returns a string with the specified message colored according to the provided color label.
7085	Handles the dictionary of attributes of each Process class to print to stdout lists of all the components or the components which the user specifies in the -t flag. Sorts and prints the processes alphabetically ordered.
7086	Collects all processes available and stores a dictionary of the required arguments of each process class to be passed to `procs_dict_parser`.
7087	Guesses the compression of an input file by checking for a binary signature at the beginning of the file against a predefined dictionary of signatures. If a match is found, returns the corresponding compression format; otherwise, returns `None`.
7088	Computes the range of Unicode code points for characters in a given string.
7089	Returns the valid encodings for a given encoding range. The encoding ranges are stored in the :py:data:`RANGES` dictionary, with the encoding name as a string and a list as a value containing the phred score and a tuple with the encoding range.
7090	Parse coverage information from a TSV file into objects, calculating total coverage and assembly size.
7091	Generates a filtered assembly file based on an original assembly and a minimum coverage threshold
7092	Filter a BAM file based on the minimum coverage and generate a new filtered BAM file.
7093	Evaluates the minimum coverage threshold based on a given option, assembly coverage, and assembly size.
7094	Returns the number of nucleotides and the size per contig for the provided assembly file path
7095	Main function to execute the assembly mapping processing. It parses the coverage table, checks for the minimum assembly coverage, filters the assembly if necessary, and writes the filtered assembly and BAM files. The function also logs the progress and writes a status file to indicate the completion of the process.
7096	Converts a CamelCase string into a snake_case one
7097	This function collects Process classes from the components module and returns a dictionary mapping their snake_case names to the corresponding classes.
7098	Process a Newick file, reroot at midpoint, modify the tree structure, and save the modified tree and status to JSON and text files respectively.
7099	Finds data points on the convex hull of a supplied data set.
7100	Return data points that are most similar to basis vectors W.
7101	Apply a median filter to the first axis of a feature matrix X with a window size of M.
7102	Compute symmetric Gaussian kernel for image filtering.
7103	Computes the self-similarity matrix of X using a specified metric and normalizes the values.
7104	Computes the novelty curve using a self-similarity matrix X and a Gaussian kernel G. The function iterates over a range to calculate the novelty at each point and then normalizes the results.
7105	Gaussian filter along the specified axis of the feature matrix X
7106	Computes the novelty curve from structural features
7107	Shifts circularly the X square matrix to get a time-lag matrix
7108	r Time-delay embedding of a signal with m dimensions and tau delays.
7109	Formats the plot with the correct axis labels, title, ticks, and so on.
7110	Plots all the boundaries.
7111	Plots labels for multiple algorithms against ground truth boundaries.
7112	Plots the results of one track, with ground truth if it exists.
7113	Method to plot a given tree containing hierarchical segmentation using matplotlib.
7114	Returns a list of segments, each defined by a range of indices from the input array `F`, based on the boundary indices provided in `bound_idxs`.
7115	From a list of feature segments, return a list of 2D-Fourier Magnitude Coefs using the maximum segment size as main size and zero pad the rest.
7116	Takes input of feature matrix and segment boundaries. Computes the similarity of file segments using kmeans and optional Dirichlet or XMeans estimators. Returns estimated labels.
7117	`Fit the OLDA model`
7118	Performs a partial fit of the OLDA model to new data and yields a new instance.
7119	Reads the boundary times and the labels from JAMS annotations for the given audio file.
7120	Finds the correct estimation from all the estimations contained in a JAMS file given the specified arguments.
7121	Saves the segment estimations in a JAMS file.
7122	Return a list of all boundary algorithm IDs in MSAF.
7123	Gets the configuration dictionary from the current parameters of the algorithms to be evaluated.
7124	Gets the files of the given dataset, including audio files and ensuring necessary directories exist. Returns a sorted list of file structures.
7125	Reads hierarchical references from a jams file, handling specified levels to exclude and returns boundaries, labels, and levels.
7126	Reads the duration of a given features file. Returns the duration as a float.
7127	Writes results to file using the standard MIREX format.
7128	Gets the desired dataset file by replacing the extension of an audio file with a specified extension and joining the directory path with it.
7129	Aligns segment boundaries with detected beats by mapping time boundaries to the nearest beats and retrieving corresponding labels.
7130	Estimates beats using librosa and returns the times and frames of the estimated beats in seconds and frames respectively.
7131	Reads the annotated beats if available and returns the times and frame indices of annotated beats in seconds.
7132	Make the features beat-synchronous by aligning them with the given beat frames and times.
7133	Method for reading features from a file and storing them in the current object, including validating duration and feature parameters.
7134	Saves features to file by creating an OrderedDict, handling different exceptions, adding specific parameters, and saving the features using json.dump.
7135	Returns the parameter names for these features, avoiding the global parameters.
7136	Computes the framesync times based on the framesync features.
7137	Returns the frame times based on the feature type.
7138	Compute the features for the object if they haven't been computed yet. Select the appropriate features based on the feature type. Raise an exception if the feature type is invalid or if no audio file is found.
7139	Selects the features from the given parameters.
7140	Obtain the actual features based on the specified feature string and validate it against a list of valid features. If invalid, raise a RuntimeError. If valid, return the features.
7141	Post processes the estimations from the algorithm, removing empty segments and ensuring the lengths of the boundaries and labels match.
7142	Run the speficied algorithm(s) on the MSAF formatted dataset.
7143	Print the results of a DataFrame
7144	Return dictionary of the results by using the ground truth dataset identified by the annotator parameter.
7145	Computes the information gain of the est_file from the annotated intervals and the estimated intervals.
7146	Processes a single track and evaluates it using specified boundaries and labels algorithms with given configurations.
7147	The function `get_results_file_name` generates a filename for storing results based on boundaries ID, labels ID, configuration, and annotator ID. It ensures the directory for results exists, constructs a base filename, appends configuration parameters in a sorted manner, and checks if the filename exceeds the maximum allowed length before adding the results extension.
7148	Processes a dataset to evaluate algorithms' results, supporting hierarchical segmentation, feature extraction, and parallel processing.
7149	Add a new variable to the config of msaf module.
7150	Computes all features for the given file.
7151	Computes the features for the selected dataset or file.
7152	Standard normal cost function for data.
7153	Log-normalizes features such that each vector is between min_db to 0.
7154	Normalizes features so that each vector ranges from floor to 1.
7155	Normalizes the given matrix of features according to the specified normalization type.
7156	Method to calculate and return time frames as a numpy array.
7157	Removes empty segments if needed.
7158	Sonify estimated click times by generating audio_samples for clicks and combining them with input audio data, then writing the output to a file.
7159	Synchronizes labels from old boundaries to new boundaries using median values.
7160	Process a level of segmentation and convert it into times.
7161	Align the end of two hierarchies such that they end at the same exact second if they have the same duration within a certain threshold.
7162	Computes the distances of a specific data point to all other samples.
7163	Estimates the optimal number of clusters (K) using K-means and Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC), by sweeping various K values and selecting the one with the smallest BIC.
7164	Retrieving data with a specific label_index using previously learned labels.
7165	Runs k-means clustering on the input data and returns the cluster means and labels assigned to each data point.
7166	Computes the Bayesian Information Criterion for given data, means, labels, number of clusters K, and regularization parameter R.
7167	Calculate and return the magnitude of a complex matrix.
7168	Utility function to extract boundaries from a JSON file and convert them into an np array.
7169	Extracts the start boundaries from a bounds JSON file and returns them as a NumPy array.
7170	Method to extract labels from a JSON file and store them in an np array.
7171	Method to extract beats from a JSON file and store them in an nd-array.
7172	Computes the 2D-Fourier Magnitude Coefficients and returns the unique components.
7173	Computes the labels using the bounds by finding the most frequent label within each bound interval.
7174	Filter the activation matrix G, and return a flattened copy after applying filtering with a given radius R.
7175	**Summary:**  
Obtains the boundaries module given a boundary algorithm identificator, returning `None` for "ground truth". Raises an error if the algorithm cannot be found in `msaf` or if it cannot identify boundaries.
7176	Obtains the label module given a label algorithm identificator. Returns the selected label module or None if not computing the labeling part of music segmentation. Raises an error if the algorithm is not found or if it cannot label segments.
7177	Run hierarchical segmentation and labeling algorithms on an audio file.
7178	Runs the flat algorithms with the specified identifiers on the audio_file. See run_algorithm for more information.
7179	Run algorithms on audio_file with the specified identifiers.
7180	Prepares the parameters, runs the algorithms, and saves results.
7181	Return results of segmentation for a given file or directory of files.
7182	The function `update_w` performs an alternating least squares (ALS) step to update the matrix \( W \) under a convexity constraint. It uses a quadratic programming (QP) solver from `cvxopt` to optimize the vector \( \beta \) for each column of \( W \). The optimization is performed iteratively for each column \( i \) of \( W \), constraining the value of each element of \( \beta \) to lie between 0 and 1. After updating \( \beta \) for all columns, the updated matrix \( W \) is computed by taking the dot product of \( \beta \) and the transpose of the data matrix.
7183	Main entry point for translator and argument parser.
7184	Initializes a coroutine by priming it to the yield statement and returns the initialized coroutine.
7185	Generic accumulator function that combines initial value and update value according to their types
7186	Sends text IO to the `write_stream` function.
7187	Consumes text streams and spools them together for more IO efficient processes.
7188	A coroutine starting point that produces a text stream and forwards it to consumers. It processes the input stream and ensures that no line exceeds 600 characters by splitting long lines.
7189	a decorator that extends and wraps a HTTP interface to create and maintain HTTP connection state, returns a dict response object from the server containing the translated text and metadata of the request body.
7190	Returns a url encoded string that will be pushed to the translation server for parsing. Acceptable language codes for source and target languages can be found as a JSON file in the etc directory. Some source languages are limited in scope of the possible target languages that are available. The function takes source language code, target language code, and phrase text as parameters and returns a request interface.
7191	Returns translated language code name for the given language code
7192	Generates a formatted table of language codes.
7193	Create DataFrames of nodes and edges that exclude specified nodes.
7194	Save a Network's data to a Pandas HDFStore, optionally removing specified nodes
7195	Build a Network from data in a Pandas HDFStore.
7196	Characterize urban space with a variable related to node IDs in the network.
7197	Aggregate information for every source node in the network based on specified distance, type of aggregation, and decay. Returns a Pandas Series with aggregated values for each source node.
7198	Assign node_ids to data specified by x_col and y_col
7199	Plot an array of data on a map using matplotlib and Basemap, automatically matching the data to the Pandana network node positions.
7200	Sets the location of all the Points of Interest (POIs) of a given category in the Pandana network, updating relevant data structures and initializing the category with the specified parameters.
7201	Find the nearest points of interest (POIs) from each source node within a specified distance and return the distances and optionally their IDs.
7202	Identify nodes with fewer connections than a specified threshold within a given distance.
7203	Convert a node element entry into a dictionary suitable for a Pandas DataFrame, excluding uninteresting tags.
7204	Make a request to OSM and return the parsed JSON.
7205	Build the string for a node-based OSM query using the provided latitude and longitude bounds and optional tags for filtering.
7206	Searches for OSM nodes within a specified bounding box that match given tags. Returns a DataFrame with node coordinates and associated tags.
7207	Returns True if the input argument object is a native regular expression object, otherwise False.
7208	Compares two values with regular expression matching support.
7209	For use as a decorator, enables easy method chaining by returning the instance (`self`) if the wrapped function returns `None` or the result of the wrapped function otherwise.
7210	Compares an expression (string or regular expression) against a given value and returns a boolean indicating whether they match.
7211	Triggers specific class methods using a simple reflection mechanism based on the given input dictionary params.
7212	Return whether the given HTTP request instance matches any of the registered matcher functions, and a list of error exceptions if any.
7213	Returns a matcher instance by class name or alias.
7214	Create a matcher instance using a class name or alias and pass variadic arguments to its constructor.
7215	Define response body data.
7216	Method to define the mock response JSON body.
7217	Sets a header field with the given value, removing previous values.
7218	Helper function to append functions into a given list, filtering by function or method items.
7219	Triggers the mock definition methods of a request instance based on input keyword arguments passed to pook.Mock constructor.
7220	Sets the mock URL to match, which can include a full URL with path and query parameters. The protocol schema is optional and defaults to `http://`. Returns the current `Mock` instance.
7221	Defines a dictionary of arguments. Header keys are case insensitive.
7222	Define a new header matcher expectation that must be present in the outgoing request, ignoring case sensitivity, and add it to the Mock instance.
7223	Defines a list of headers that must be present in the outgoing request to satisfy the matcher, regardless of the value of the headers' hosts. Header keys are case insensitive.
7224	Sets the outgoing header ``Content-Type`` based on the provided value.
7225	Define a set of URL query parameters to match and update the request's URL accordingly. Returns the current Mock instance.
7226	Set the body data for matching in the current Mock instance.
7227	Define the JSON body to match.
7228	Define an XML body value to match and return the current Mock instance.
7229	Reads and processes the content of a file at the specified path.
7230	Enables persistent mode for the current mock. Returns the current Mock instance.
7231	Defines a simulated exception error that will be raised.
7232	Define the mock response with an optional status code and additional keyword arguments. Returns the mock response definition instance.
7233	u Matches an outgoing HTTP request against the current mock matchers.
7234	Wraps a function to create an asynchronous version of the activate decorator.
7235	Sets a custom mock engine, replacing the built-in HTTP traffic mock interceptor engine with a specified custom one. Validates the custom engine's implementation of required methods and activates it if the framework is active.
7236	Enables real networking mode, optionally passing one or multiple hostnames that would be used as a filter. If at least one hostname matches the outgoing traffic, the request will be executed via the real network. Arguments: *hostnames: optional list of host names to enable real network against them. Hostname value can be a regular expression.
7237	Factory that creates and registers a new HTTP mock in the current engine.
7238	Removes a specific mock instance by object reference.
7239	Activates the registered interceptors in the mocking engine. This means any HTTP traffic captured by those interceptors will trigger the HTTP mock matching engine to determine if a given HTTP transaction should be mocked out or not.
7240	Disables interceptors and stops intercepting any outgoing HTTP traffic. If the current mock engine is not active, it returns None without making any changes.
7241	Verifies if real networking mode should be used for the given request by passing it to the registered network filters.
7242	match checks if a given Request instance contract matches against the registered mocks. It triggers request filters and mappers before attempting to match the request against each mock. If a match is found, it returns the corresponding mock; otherwise, it raises a PookNoMatches exception if networking is disabled or no mock matches the request. If no matching mock is found and networking is enabled, it registers the unmatched request.
7243	Creates a copy of the current Request object instance for side-effects purposes.
7244	Wraps a function to enable HTTP traffic interceptors.
7245	Context manager for creating a new isolated mock engine using the pook library.
7246	Adds one or multiple HTTP traffic interceptors to the current mocking engine. Interceptors are HTTP client specific wrapper classes implementing the pook interceptor interface.
7247	Removes a specific interceptor by name.
7248	Get key from connection or default to settings.
7249	Build SQL with decryption and casting.
7250	Save the original_value to the model_instance.
7251	Tell postgres to encrypt this field with a hashing function. The `value` string is checked to determine if we need to hash or keep the current value. `compiler` and `connection` is ignored here as we don't need custom operators.
7252	Get the decryption for a column, optionally specifying an output field
7253	Tell postgres to encrypt a field using PGP.
7254	Parses YAML data to find repeated key variables and their line numbers.
7255	Calcualtes the slope and intercept for regression and returns the coefficient along with some other parameters.
7256	Invert the covariance matrix.
7257	Recursively calculates the inverse covariance matrix.
7258	calculate the weighted sums of the tip and branch values and their second moments
7259	Updates quantities given a branch, tip value, variance, and whether it is an outgroup node.
7260	Calculate the standard explained variance using the root-to-tip distance and time.
7261	Regress tip values against branch values to obtain regression parameters, optionally with a given slope.
7262	Determine the best root on a tree that minimizes the bilinear product of the inverse covariance and data vectors. Returns a dictionary with the optimal node, split fraction, and regression parameters.
7263	Initializes the merger model with a coalescent time, handling both single and iterable inputs, and recalculates the merger rate integral.
7264	Calculates an interpolation object that maps time to the number of concurrent branches in the tree. The result is stored in self.nbranches.
7265	```Cost associated with a branch starting at t_node considering branch length and multiplicity, calculated by integrating merger rates and applying a logarithmic function with the multiplicity factor.```
7266	Adds the merger cost to each branch length interpolator in the tree.
7267	Determines the coalescent time scale that optimizes the coalescent likelihood of the tree using scalar minimization.
7268	Convert profile to sequence and normalize profile across sites. Sample sequence according to the probabilities in the profile.
7269	Normalize a profile matrix to sum to one across each row, with optional log transformation and offset return.
7270	Set a new GTR object.
7271	Set a new GTR model, either from a string or a GTR/GTR_site_specific instance, and assign it as an attribute of the TreeAnc class. Log warnings and raise errors for invalid input types. Adjust ambiguous site handling based on the GTR model.
7272	Sets the length of the uncompressed sequence and prevents it from being changed once set.
7273	Attach sequences to nodes in a tree, handling missing sequences and assigning default values if necessary.
7274	Sets up tree nodes, calculates distances, and prepares necessary lookups.
7275	Sets auxiliary parameters to every node of the tree, including root and nonterminal nodes, and applies calculations for branch and distance to root.
7276	For each node in the tree, set its root-to-node distance as `dist2root` attribute.
7277	Reconstructs ancestral sequences using specified method and optional GTR model inference.
7278	Output:
Calculates the joint distribution of the sequence states at both ends of a branch in a phylogenetic tree using results from marginal ancestral inference.
7279	Expand a node's compressed sequence into the real sequence.
7280	Reconstruct ancestral states using Fitch's algorithm by propagating from the root to the leaves and vice versa.
7281	Determine the Fitch profile for a single character of the node's sequence. The profile is the intersection of the children's profiles or, if the intersection is empty, the union of the profiles.
7282	Find the intersection of any number of 1D arrays and return the sorted, unique values that are common to all arrays.
7283	Return the likelihood of the observed sequences given the tree.
7284	The likelihood of the given realization of the sequences in the tree.
7285	Set branch lengths to either mutation lengths or given branch lengths, ensuring values for subsequent ML analysis.
7286	Optimize the branch lengths of the entire tree by performing a single path and iterating until convergence. The method supports two modes: 'joint' for joint maximum likelihood sequence assignment, and 'marginal' for marginal inference (slower and experimental). Optional keyword arguments include verbosity level and whether to store old branch lengths. The method updates the branch lengths based on the chosen mode and logs the optimization results.
7287	Optimizes branch lengths in a tree globally using gradient descent.
7288	Calculate the optimal branch length given the sequences of a node and its parent.
7289	Iteratively optimize branch lengths and reconstruct ancestral sequences until convergence, using ML and Fitch methods based on input parameters. Stops when values converge or iteration limit is reached.
7290	Get the multiple sequence alignment, including reconstructed sequences for the internal nodes.
7291	The function `Q` computes the rate matrix for the General Time-Reversible (GTR) model by multiplying the transition matrix `P` with the equilibrium frequencies `Pi`, and then adjusting the diagonals to ensure that each row sums to zero.
7292	Creates a GTR model by specifying the matrix explicitly
7293	Return a GTR model based on the specified model name and keyword arguments
7294	Check and fix the main diagonal of the rate matrix Q to ensure it adheres to the definition of the GTR model. Adjust the diagonal values and scale factors accordingly.
7295	Calculate the probability of observing a sequence pair at a distance t, for compressed sequences.
7296	Find the optimal distance between two sequences, considering multiplicities and gaps.
7297	Find the optimal distance between two sequences, considering their compressed representations.
7298	Calculate the probability of observing a node pair at a distance t, considering profile distributions, multiplicity, and options to ignore gaps.
7299	Compute the probability of the sequence state at time t later, given the parent profile.
7300	Calculate the log-likelihood of sampling a sequence from equilibrium frequencies. Handles compressed sequences using `pattern_multiplicity`. Defaults to treating sequence as not compressed if `pattern_multiplicity` is `None`.
7301	Set the branch length mode based on the input tree's empirical branch length distribution.
7302	Labels outlier branches not following a molecular clock and excludes them from subsequent analyses, optionally rerooting.
7303	Plot root-to-tip regression.
7304	Resolves the polytomies on the tree by scanning the tree and re-optimizing the tree with new topology. The function returns the number of polytomies found.
7305	Print the total likelihood of the tree given the constrained leaves
7306	Add a coalescent model to the tree and optionally optimize
7307	Determine the best root position in a tree for optimal regression of temporal constraints and root-to-tip distances, considering optional parameters for covariation structure, positive rate estimates, and model inference.
7308	Assuming tree, trying to load or build it. If not provided, it will be inferred from the alignment. If tree loading/building fails, it will indicate failure.
7309	Parses the arguments referring to the GTR model and returns a GTR structure.
7310	Check if input is VCF and reads in appropriately if it is.
7311	implementing treetime ancestral reconstruction setup, read in VCF, perform ancestral sequence inference, output and save results
7312	Assess the width of the probability distribution. This returns the full-width-half-max.
7313	Create a delta function distribution with a specified `x_pos` and an optional `weight`, and a minimum width defined by `min_width`.
7314	Multiplies a list of Distribution objects and returns the resulting Distribution object.
7315	Assign dates to nodes in a clock tree. If a node has a bad date, it is marked as 'bad'. If almost all branches are 'bad', an error is returned.
7316	Instantiates a TreeRegression object and sets its tip_value and branch_value functions to defaults suitable for treetime instances. Handles covariance settings to account for phylogenetic influences.
7317	Optimize a clock tree with temporal constraints using maximum likelihood estimation, either with marginal or joint reconstruction.
7318	Calculate the likelihood of the data given the current branch length in the tree.
7319	Convert the estimated "time_before_present" properties of all nodes to numerical dates stored in the "numdate" attribute, which are further converted into human-readable date strings in the format %Y-%m-%d assuming the usual calendar. The function operates in place on the tree and returns None.
7320	Estimate the uncertainty in a node's numeric date due to rate variation using previously calculated rate variation.
7321	Determines the interval around the highest posterior probability region containing a specified fraction of probability mass, considering both marginal reconstruction and rate variation uncertainties when available.
7322	Find the global minimum of a function represented as an interpolation object.
7323	Find the median value of a function represented by an interpolation object.
7324	Convert a datetime object to the numeric date format YYYY.F, where F is the fraction of the year passed
7325	Create a conversion object from a regression model dictionary.
7326	Socket connection.
7327	Terminate connection with Guacamole guacd server.
7328	Receive instructions from Guacamole guacd server.
7329	Send encoded instructions to Guacamole guacd server.
7330	Send instruction after encoding.
7331	Establish connection with Guacamole guacd server via handshake.
7332	Return a UTF-8 encoded string from a valid Unicode string.
7333	Loads a new GuacamoleInstruction from encoded instruction string.
7334	This function `encode_arg` is used to encode an argument to be sent in a valid GuacamoleInstruction. It converts the argument to UTF-8 bytes, calculates the length of the UTF-8 encoded string, and then joins the length and the encoded string with a separator (`ELEM_SEP`).
7335	Prepare the instruction to be sent over the wire and return it as a string.
7336	Returns a versioned URI string for the given class.
7337	Returns the instance URL by ID
7338	Return a versioned URI string for a class
7339	Download the file to the specified directory or file path. If no path is specified, downloads to a temporary directory. Returns the absolute path to the file.
7340	Get the commit object's parent (Import or Migration) using its parent job model and ID.
7341	Asks the user for their email and password by prompting them to enter the domain, checking if password authentication is supported, and then requesting the credentials. If Single Sign-On (SSO) is used, it provides instructions on how to log in instead.
7342	```plaintext
Force an interactive login via the command line. Sets the global API key and updates the client authentication. Prompts the user for domain, email, and password, sends a login request, and handles the response by updating the API key and client token.
```
7343	Prints information about the current user if they are logged in.
7344	Prints information about the current user.
7345	Combines multiple filters into a single query using AND logic. Keywords are passed to a new Filter object and combined with existing filters. Supports combining multiple filters in single or multiple calls. Use F class for custom logic with AND, OR, and NOT operators. Returns a cloned Query instance with combined filters.
7346	Returns a cloned object with a genomic filter applied.
7347	Apply a position filter to genomic datasets.
7348	Returns a dictionary with the requested facets based on string args and keyword args. Raises an AttributeError if no facets are provided or if any field arguments are not strings.
7349	Takes a list of filters and returns JSON
7350	Allow the Query object to be iterable and fetch successive pages as needed. A `StopIteration` exception is raised when there are no more results available or when the requested result slice range or limit has been fetched. Returns the next result.
7351	Executes a query with optional offset and additional parameters. Builds the query, updates parameters with offset and limit, logs the query execution, sends the request using the client, logs the response time, and returns the request parameters and response. If a SolveError occurs, sets the error and re-raises it.
7352	Migrate data from the Query to a target dataset.
7353	Main entry point for SolveBio CLI. Parses command-line arguments using SolveArgumentParser. Sets API host and key from command-line arguments or local credentials. Updates client host and token. Executes the function specified in the parsed arguments.
7354	Recursively downloads a folder in a vault to a local directory. Only downloads files, not datasets.
7355	Create a new object from HTTP response and refresh its attributes.
7356	Revoke the token and remove the cookie.
7357	Issues an HTTP Request across the wire via the Python requests library.
7358	Gets Task child object class.
7359	Cancels a task and handles exceptions by resetting the status if the save operation fails.
7360	Parses the SnpEff ANN field in a VCF INFO line and updates the INFO dictionary accordingly.
7361	Parses a row from a genome file into a dictionary for JSON serialization
7362	Get user's stored API key if a valid credentials file is found, otherwise raise CredentialsError.
7363	Writes out the class data in the format of a .netrc file.
7364	Format a value according to its type.
7365	Transform a supported data type to a list of lists and a list of headers, handling various data structures and header options.
7366	Return a string which represents a row of data cells.
7367	Returns a string representing a horizontal line.
7368	Prefix every cell in a row with an HTML alignment attribute
7369	Produce a plain-text representation of a table based on the given format settings, headers, rows, column widths, and column alignments.
7370	Migrate data from the current dataset to a target dataset, optionally providing parameters and handling migration follow-up.
7371	Validates and parses a full or partial path, ensuring it conforms to specified formats and returns a full path along with its components.
7372	Uploads all the folders and files contained within a given folder or file, skipping ones that already exist on the remote.
7373	Helper method to validate and format a full path from a partial or full path, ensuring it follows a specific format. Handles special cases like a "~" vault representing a personal vault and sets default values if necessary. Returns the validated and formatted full path along with its components.
7374	Validate the provided API host URL to ensure it is not empty and uses the correct HTTP or HTTPS scheme.
7375	Add one or more files or URLs to the manifest, expanding globs if necessary, and upload them to SolveBio.
7376	Annotate a set of records with stored fields. Update annotator_params with any kwargs, process records in chunks, and yield annotated records.
7377	```json
"Evaluates the expression with the provided context and format."
```
7378	Set the default format name based on the provided format name, or raise a ValueError if the format is not recognized.
7379	Register a new output formatter.
7380	Return the formatted data using a specific formatter.
7381	Return an iterator to a formatted table.
7382	Returns the configuration directory for an application based on the operating system, application name, author, and options for roaming and XDG compliance.
7383	Returns a list of system-wide config folders for the application based on the given app name, app author, and operating system.
7384	Read the default config file and validate its contents. If validation fails, raise a `DefaultConfigValidationError` with details of the errors. If validation passes or validation is not required, update the instance with the default configuration.
7385	Read the default, additional, system, and user config files. Validates the *default* file if provided and raises an error if validation fails.
7386	Return the absolute path to the user config file.
7387	Returns a list of absolute paths to the system configuration files.
7388	Get a list of absolute paths to the additional config files.
7389	Write the default config to the user's config file, optionally overwriting an existing file if specified.
7390	Reads a list of config files and updates the configuration. Returns a dictionary of errors if any files are not valid, or True if all files are valid.
7391	Truncate a string if it exceeds the specified maximum width.
7392	Returns a string with multiple specified values replaced.
7393	Run multiple commands in sequence and exit if any command fails.
7394	Apply command-line options to the command.
7395	Apply a command-line option and replace it with an empty string if inactive.
7396	Set the default options.
7397	Run the linter with specified options.
7398	Generate and view the documentation.
7399	Truncate very long strings in an iterable of rows and column headers for tabular representation.
7400	Format numbers according to a format specification.
7401	Formats a row of data by aligning fields based on the provided headers and returns the formatted row as a string.
7402	A function that wraps a vertical table with a function for formatting tabular output, using specified keys from keyword arguments.
7403	Wraps `terminaltables` inside a function for `TabularOutputFormatter`.
7404	Copy template and substitute template strings
7405	Checks if the given PKCS#11 type is a numerical value.
7406	Given a PKCS#11 type, determines if it is a boolean value.
7407	Check if the type is not a boolean, string, or number
7408	```markdown
Generate a secret key using a specified template and mechanism. Returns the handle of the generated key.
```
7409	Generates a key pair using the provided public and private key templates and a specified mechanism, returning the handles of the generated public and private keys as a tuple.
7410	finds objects that match a given template pattern and returns a list of object IDs.
7411	Inserts a small icon to QR Code image
7412	Export gene panels to a .bed like format. Specify any number of panels on the command line.
7413	The date is incremented until it matches the given weekday, then that date is returned.
7414	Adds a number to the day and counts that day until a specified end date or until it is outside the current month, counting the days as it goes along.
7415	Starts from 'start' day and counts backwards until 'end' day. 'start' should be >= 'end'. If it's equal to, does nothing. If a day falls outside of end_repeat, it won't be counted.
7416	Automates the process of handling biweekly repeats by managing event chunks and updating counts accordingly.
7417	Handles non-repeating event chunks and the first month of repeating event chunks; processes events within a month and manages their repetition accordingly.
7418	Export causative variants for a collaborator
7419	Creates lines for an Excel file with verified variants for an institute
7420	Exports mitochondrial variants for a case to create a MT excel report.
7421	Update a user in the database by add/remove roles and institutes
7422	Display a list of STR variants.
7423	Display a specific structural variant.
7424	Display a specific STR variant.
7425	Start procedure to validate variant using other techniques.
7426	Build a clinVar submission form for a variant.
7427	Show cancer variants overview for a specific institute and case.
7428	ACMG classification form. Handle GET and POST requests to classify a variant.
7429	Show or delete an ACMG evaluation.
7430	Calculate an ACMG classification from submitted criteria.
7431	Parse gene panel file, fill in HGNC symbols for filter, and update the form data.
7432	Download and zip all verified variants for a user's cases, then serve the archive.
7433	Construct a dictionary mapping HGNC symbols to their corresponding HGNC IDs and primary symbols.
7434	Add information of incomplete penetrance
7435	Gathers information from multiple sources and returns a gene dictionary with HGNC symbols as keys. Combines information from Ensemble, ExAC, OMIM, and HPO sources, and links gene IDs from HGNC to Ensemble via ENSGID.
7436	Send a request to MatchMaker and return its response
7437	Queries MME service for available nodes
7438	Retrieve the cytoband coordinate for a given chromosome and position.
7439	Function determines the subcategory for a VCF variant based on alternative length, reference length, and category.
7440	Return the length of a variant based on different categories and conditions.
7441	Return the end coordinate for a variant.
7442	Extracts coordinates and related information for a given genetic variant.
7443	Reads a file, parses cyto bands, and checks coordinates for specific chromosome and position ranges.
7444	Show all panels for a case.
7445	Update panel to a new version.
7446	Export panel to PDF file
7447	Edit additional information about a panel gene.
7448	Add delivery report to an existing case.
7449	Retrieves a list of HPO terms from scout database

 store (obj): an adapter to the scout database  
 query (str): the term to search in the database  
 limit (str): the number of desired results  

 Returns:  
 hpo_phenotypes (dict): the complete list of HPO objects stored in scout
7450	Show all objects in the whitelist collection
7451	This function builds a phenotype object by retrieving details from an adapter using a given phenotype ID. It constructs a dictionary containing the phenotype ID and its description, or an empty dictionary if no phenotype is found.
7452	Returns information about a gene from a store for a given HGNC ID. The function initializes a result dictionary with various possible keys, such as 'builds', 'symbol', 'description', 'ensembl_id', and 'record'. It then iterates over different genomic builds provided by the store. For each build, it attempts to retrieve gene information using the `hgnc_gene` method from the store. If record is found, it populates the result dictionary with relevant gene data, including chromosome positions, aliases, and other attributes. It also adds gene and transcript links to the record. If no gene record is found, it raises a ValueError.
7453	Fetches matching genes from a store and converts them to JSON format.
7454	Display the Scout dashboard and handle user access and data retrieval based on institute and query parameters.
7455	Show all transcripts in the database.
7456	Returns the events that occur on a specified day by filtering through all events of the given month.
7457	SV variants pre-processing endpoint. Returns paginated list of variants and more variants boolean flag.
7458	Pre-process list of STR variants.
7459	Pre-process an STR variant entry for detail page. Adds information to display variant.
7460	Pre-processes an SV variant entry for detail page by adding information to display variant, including institute, case, variant, overlapping SNVs, and variant options.
7461	Parses information about variants, updates compound information, corrects HGNC symbols, updates variant if necessary, and handles special cases for SV variants. Adjusts variant data based on provided arguments and database queries.
7462	Retrieve CSV header for filtered variants export based on case samples.
7463	Get variant information.
7464	Get sift predictions from genes.
7465	Pre-process case for the variant view by adding information about files from the case object to the variant object.
7466	Find the BAI file by adding the appropriate extension to the given BAM file. If the first attempt at finding the BAI file fails, it tries another convention.
7467	Query and aggregate observations for a specific case and variant, including related cases within the same institute.
7468	Returns parsed gene object with primary transcripts identified. If no refseq transcripts are found, primary_transcripts is an empty list.
7469	Generate amino acid change as a string
7470	Calculates the end position for a variant based on the reference and alternative bases. Adds one less than the maximum number of bases between the reference and alternative sequences to the variant's position.
7471	Returns a judgment on the overall frequency of the variant by combining multiple metrics into a single call. The function evaluates the frequency based on 'thousand_genomes_frequency' and 'exac_frequency' and categorizes it as 'common', 'uncommon', or 'rare' based on the threshold values.
7472	Converts the CLINSIG evaluation to a human-readable format and generates a link based on the accession number.
7473	Compose a link to the 1000G page for detailed information based on the variant object and specified build.
7474	Compose link to COSMIC Database using cosmic ID from variant object.
7475	Compose the URL for a variant object on the Beacon Network.
7476	Compose link to UCSC for a given variant object and genome build
7477	Translate a SPIDEX annotation to a human-readable string.
7478	Returns a list of manual inheritance models derived from the genes in the given variant object.
7479	Return info about callers.
7480	Fetch data related to cancer variants for a case.
7481	Gather data for Clinvar submission form.
7482	Collects data for displaying the clinvar_update.html template page based on the provided submission_id, including variants, institute, case, and pinned variants.
7483	Collect data for rendering ACMG classification form.
7484	Calculates an ACMG classification based on a list of criteria for a specific variant
7485	Fetch and fill-in evaluation object.
7486	Parse out HGNC symbols from a stream and return a list of valid symbols.
7487	Collect all verified variants in a list on institutes and save them to file
7488	exports all genes from the database to bed format
7489	Get the clnsig information based on the accession number, significance score, revstat, and transcripts, and return a list of clnsig accessions.
7490	Parse a string containing compound information and extract relevant data to create a list of compounds with variant-specific details.
7491	Export all genes from a specified build.
7492	Builds a `dict` object representing an individual with various attributes.
7493	Upload variants to a case. The function checks for a matching case and then uploads variants for various categories and types, deleting existing variants of the same type. It also handles file updates and gene references.
7494	Return a JSON response for a case object based on the institute ID and case name. If the case object is not found, return a 404 error.
7495	Show all collections in the database
7496	Create a new institute and add it to the database
7497	This function updates an institute by calling the `update_institute` method of the `context.adaptor` object. It logs the operation, handles exceptions (warning and aborting the context), and takes parameters like institute ID, Sanger recipient, coverage cutoff, frequency cutoff, display name, and whether to remove the Sanger recipient.
7498	Return a opened file handle for the given file path, handling GZIP compressed files.
7499	Returns the net difference between 'next' and 'prev' querystrings. If any exception occurs, it returns 0.
7500	Returns the next and previous querystrings based on the input value of `net`.
7501	Checks that the year is within 50 years from now. If not, updates the year to the current year and sets the month and error accordingly.
7502	Adjusts the date to be a weekday, either moving forward or backward as specified.
7503	Parse all data necessary for loading a case into scout. This function handles data from various sources such as VCF files, ped files, and config files. It also adds metadata and handles user input parameters.
7504	Read peddy outfiles (legend-ped, legend-check-ped, legend-sex-check) and add data to the provided individuals as necessary. If an individual has known ancestry, sex, or parental relations and has been confirmed by the legend peddy data, then set this in the individual. If they have not been confirmed, set to False.
7505	Parse individual sample information and construct a dictionary containing relevant details.
7506	Parses individual information from a list of sample dictionaries and reformat it into a list of individuals. It validates the relations between individuals and raises an error if any father or mother ID does not exist.
7507	Parse case information from config or PED files.
7508	Function `parse_ped` parses a PED file and returns a family ID and a list of samples with their basic information.
7509	Build an evaluation object ready to be inserted into the database.
7510	Export mitochondrial variants from a case and write them to an Excel file.
7511	Check if the given criteria for Pathogenic classification from ACMG paper are met.
7512	Check if the criterias for Likely Pathogenic classification from ACMG paper are fulfilled.
7513	Returns true if the variant has either (1) at least one strong piece of evidence and one supporting piece of evidence, or (2) at least two supporting pieces of evidence.
7514	Use the ACMG algorithm to classify predictions based on a set of ACMG terms.
7515	Given a variant object and a list of gene panels, this function adds extra information about genes, including transcript information and disease-specific details, to the variant object. It also checks for the presence of RefSeq transcripts and updates the variant object accordingly.
7516	Fetches variants for a specific case based on various parameters and returns them sorted by the specified key.
7517	Return all variants with sanger information for the given institute and case ids.
7518	Get the specified variant from the database using a variant ID or case ID, and optionally add gene information to the variant object. If the variant is on chromosome X or Y, check if it is on a paracentric arm.
7519	Return all variants seen in a given gene, optionally skipping a certain number of variants.
7520	Return all verified variants for a given institute
7521	Return all causative variants for an institute
7522	Check if there are any variants that are previously marked causative and exclude them based on the given case object.
7523	This function finds and yields other variant objects marked as causative in the same institute as the given `variant_obj` but in different cases.
7524	Delete variants of one type for a case, log the deletion process, and return the number of deleted variants.
7525	Return overlapping variants. Look at the genes that a variant overlaps to, then return all variants that overlap these genes. If variant_obj is sv, it will return the overlapping snvs and oposites. There is a problem when SVs are huge due to many overlapping variants.
7526	Function `evaluated_variants` retrieves all variants from a specified case that have been evaluated in some way. It uses MongoDB queries to find variants with specific fields (`acmg_classification`, `manual_rank`, `dismiss_variant`) or comments. The function also checks for non-existing variants in reanalysed cases. It returns a list of `Variant` objects, including commented variants.
7527	Returns a reduced VCF file with variants from the specified coordinates, used for the alignment viewer.
7528	A method that retrieves specific variant objects from a database based on variant IDs, sample name, and category. It filters variants by checking if they match the given criteria in the database.
7529	Get a client to the MongoDB database with optional authentication and configuration options.
7530	Extracts and processes data from a form to create objects for saving in a clinical database, with options for variant or case data.
7531	Determines which fields to include in a CSV header based on a list of submission objects.
7532	Creates the lines to include in a Clinvar submission CSV file from a list of submission objects and a custom document header.
7533	Load all the transcripts from ensembl and build transcript objects.
7534	Adds a gene panel to the database based on the provided context, path, date, display name, version, panel type, panel ID, institute, OMIM information, API key, and panel app. If OMIM information is provided, it checks for an existing OMIM-AUTO panel and loads the OMIM panel using the given API key. If a panel app is provided, it loads the panel app. If neither OMIM nor panel app is provided, it loads the panel from the given path.
7535	Builds an Exon object from the given exon information and genomic build.
7536	Delete a version of a gene panel or all versions of a gene panel
7537	This function deletes all indexes in the database.
7538	Deletes a user from the database
7539	Deletes all genes in the database.
7540	Delete exons in the database for a given build.
7541	Deletes a case and its variants from the database based on case ID or display name. It requires either an institute owner if using display_name, checks if the case exists, and deletes both the case and its variants if successful.
7542	Show all individuals from all cases in the database.
7543	Parses a list of matchmaker matches objects and returns a readable list of matches for display.
7544	This method displays cases from the database based on the provided parameters. It retrieves case details either by case ID or by institute and display name. If the number of variants threshold is set, it filters cases that have more variants than the threshold. The method also supports displaying the number of clinical and research variants for each case.
7545	Retrieve the user object from the store and create a user instance if the object exists.
7546	Login a user if they have access. Store potential next param URL in the session if present. Check if using Google authentication, and if so, return the authorized callback URL. If not using Google, get the user email from the request args, retrieve the user object, and if the user is not whitelisted, flash a warning and redirect to the public index. Otherwise, perform the login.
7547	Builds an institute object with the given parameters and returns it.
7548	Delete an event using its database key.
7549	Create an event with the given parameters and insert it into the event collection.
7550	Fetch events from the database based on various parameters such as institute, case, variant_id, level, and comments.
7551	Fetch all events by a specific user. If no user object is provided, fetch all events.
7552	Add a new phenotype term to a case. Fetch hpo terms from hpo_term or omim_term, create a phenotype term and event, and update the case with the new phenotype terms.
7553	This function removes an existing phenotype from a case.
7554	Add a comment to a variant or a case.

This function will create an Event to log that a user has commented on a variant or a case. If a variant ID is provided, it will be a variant comment. A variant comment can be 'global' or specific. The global comments will be shown for this variant in all cases while the specific comments will only be shown for a specific case.

Arguments:
- institute (dict): A Institute object
- case (dict): A Case object
- user (dict): A User object
- link (str): The URL to be used in the event
- variant (dict): A variant object (optional)
- content (str): The content of the comment
- comment_level (str): 'specific' or 'global', default is 'specific'

Return:
- comment(dict): The comment event that was inserted
7555	Parse genotype calls for a variant.
7556	Returns True if the variant's chromosome and position match the given coordinates' chromosome, start, and end
7557	Render search box and view for HPO phenotype terms.
7558	Export all transcripts to a .bed-like format
7559	This method loads exons into the scout database. It first checks if there are any exons already loaded and drops them if necessary. Then, it fetches ensembl exons and loads them into the database. Finally, it updates the indexes and logs the time taken to load the exons.
7560	Load all variants in a region and add them to an existing case.
7561	Returns all events that have an occurrence within the given month and year, based on the provided category, tag, location, and cancellation filters.
7562	Returns a queryset of events that will occur again after the given time.
7563	Reads a requirements file and recursively parses nested pip files to extract a list of install requirements.
7564	Check if gene is already added to a panel
7565	Update an existing gene panel with genes by replacing or adding them based on the provided CSV lines and option.
7566	Create a new gene panel with the given parameters and add it to the store. Returns the ID of the new panel or None if there was an error.
7567	preprocesses a panel of genes
7568	Get information about a case from archive by retrieving collaborators, synopsis, and other relevant details, including assignees, suspects, causatives, phenotype terms, and phenotype groups.
7569	Migrate case information from the archive, updating collaborators, assignees, suspected/causative variants, synopsis, and phenotype groups/terms.
7570	Update all information that was manually annotated from an old instance to a new instance, optionally archiving the old data and either printing it or migrating it.
7571	Uploads research variants to cases, handling both specific case IDs and cases with 'research_requested'.
7572	Load genes into the database from various sources and create gene objects.
7573	Retrieves and displays HPO terms from a database based on a given term or description.
7574	Flask app factory function that configures the app with default settings, updates configuration with provided config or config file, checks if MatchMaker Exchange server is connected, sets up email logging if required, and applies authentication checks to routes.
7575	Configure Flask extensions and initialize them with the provided app.
7576	Register Flask blueprints.
7577	Setup coverage related extensions and configure babel for localization
7578	Show all alias symbols and how they map to ids
7579	Constructs a gene panel object from panel information and database adapter, validating institute and genes.
7580	Exports verified variants for an institute and writes them to an Excel file.
7581	```Export causatives for a collaborator in .vcf format```
7582	Returns a formatted VCF entry string from a variant object.
7583	Starts a web server with the given configuration, checks for a valid MongoDB connection, and serves the app with optional livereload.
7584	Generate an MD5 hash key from a list of strings.
7585	Setup Flask application with MongoDB configuration.
7586	Setup database connection and collections.
7587	Create indexes for the database, updating or loading them based on the `update` flag.
7588	Setup a scout database using provided parameters.
7589	Setup a scout demo instance. This instance will be populated with a case, a gene panel and some variants. It logs the setup process and calls `setup_scout` function with provided parameters.
7590	Sets up scout instances by configuring context with institute, user details, and database settings. Handles different subcommands and validates database connectivity before setting up a MongoDB adapter.
7591	Display institutes in the database
7592	Returns the genetic models for a given case ID from the vcf information.
7593	Show all gene panels in the database
7594	Add a institute to the database.
7595	Update the information for an institute, handling various fields like sanger recipients, coverage cutoff, frequency cutoff, and more, and return the updated institute information in dictionary format.
7596	Fetches a single institute from the backend using its ID. Returns an Institute object or None if the institute is not found.
7597	Returns true if the input string is a valid date in the format YYYY-MM-DD, YYYY/MM/DD, or YYYY.MM.DD, and false otherwise
7598	Converts a string representation of a date into a datetime object, specifying a custom date format if provided. If no date string is given, returns the current date and time. Raises a ValueError if the provided date string is invalid.
7599	Export a list of genes based on HPO terms.
7600	Parse the rank score from a given entry and case ID.
7601	Add a user to the database with specified information and roles.
7602	Check if a connection could be made to the mongo process specified
7603	This callback can be used to initialize an application for the use with this MongoDB setup. It sets up a connection to the MongoDB database using the provided configuration and stores the client and database name in the application's configuration. If the connection fails, it aborts the context.
7604	Load a delivery report into a case in the database. If the report already exists and update is not set to True, it raises an exception. If the report is successfully loaded, it updates the case in the database and returns the updated case object.
7605	Add a user object to the database and return a copy of the inserted user information.
7606	Visualize BAM alignments for specified genomic positions and samples.
7607	Loads all exons from Ensembl and updates the database with the appropriate gene and transcript information, filtering out exons that do not exist in the database.
7608	Update compounds for a given case using an adapter, logging progress and handling exceptions.
7609	Updates a gene object with various links based on different identifiers and build versions.
7610	Query the hgnc aliases.
7611	Parse an HGNC-formatted line to extract gene information.
7612	Parse lines with HGNC formatted genes.
7613	Retrieve the database id of an open clinvar submission for a user and institute, creating a new one if none exists
7614	Updates a clinvar submission object with the official clinvar submission ID and updates the timestamp.
7615	Retrieve the official Clinvar submission ID for a given submission ID.
7616	Adds submission_objects to clinvar collection and updates the corresponding submission object with their id
7617	Closes a ClinVar submission and updates its status.
7618	Collects all open and closed ClinVar submissions created by a user for a specific institute
7619	Removes a variant or case data object from Clinvar database and updates the relative submission object.
7620	Retrieves variant submission objects for a given case ID from a ClinVar collection and returns them as a dictionary with variant IDs as keys.
7621	Parse a .obo formatted HPO line and extract term information.
7622	Render search box for genes.
7623	Render information about a gene.
7624	Return JSON data about genes based on a query parameter.
7625	Return True if all default panels exist in the provided list and all panels exist in the database.
7626	Load all variants in a region defined by a HGNC id or coordinates, and load them into a case object.
7627	Load a new case from a Scout config.
7628	Template a Flask view function
7629	Fetch institute and case objects, validate user access, and handle 404/not allowed errors.
7630	Returns a list of institute objects based on the user's role. If the user is an admin, it retrieves all institutes from the store. Otherwise, it fetches institutes associated with the user's IDs.
7631	Retrieve the HGNC ID for a gene based on the given gene information and adapter.
7632	Update a panel in the database.
7633	Update disease terms in MongoDB using OMIM API. Fetch OMIM information, drop existing disease terms, and load new terms from API response.
7634	Loads disease terms into the database by parsing phenotypes from genemap2.txt and finding associated HPO terms from ALL_SOURCES_ALL_FREQUENCIES_diseases_to_genes_to_phenotypes.txt.
7635	Summary:
Add the frequencies to a variant. Frequencies are parsed either directly from keys in info fields or from transcripts if they are annotated there.
7636	Parse any frequency from the info dict
7637	Parse and extract specific frequency information from a variant object.
7638	Show all users in the database.
7639	Build a hgnc_gene object from gene information.
7640	Unused
7641	Creates and loads the OMIM-AUTO panel, updating it with new gene information if necessary.
7642	Check if the latest version of a gene panel differs from the most recent version in the database and return all genes that are not in the previous version.
7643	Set the version for each gene in the new panel, updating it to the current version if it's new and to the old version if it's old.
7644	This interface adds a gene panel to the database.
7645	Fetches gene panel by ID
7646	Delete a panel by '_id'.
7647	Fetch a gene panel. If no panel is sent, return all panels.
7648	Return all gene panels. If a panel_id is provided, return all versions of panels by that panel name.
7649	Return a dictionary with gene as keys and a set of panel names as value
7650	This method updates an existing gene panel with a new one while keeping the object ID. If a new version or date is provided, it updates the panel accordingly. The method returns the updated panel as a dictionary.
7651	This function is used to add a pending action to a gene panel. It stores the pending action in the panel's "pending" field. The function takes a panel object, HGNC gene, action name, and optional additional information as input. It raises a ValueError if the action is not valid. The function returns the updated panel object.
7652	Apply pending changes to an existing gene panel or create a new version of the panel.
7653	Retrieve all unique clinical gene symbols for a given case by aggregating panel data.
7654	Interact with cases existing in the database.
7655	Sends a formatted log record as an email.
7656	Add the proper indexes to the scout instance. All indexes are specified in scout/constants/indexes.py. If this method is utilised when new indexes are defined, those should be added.
7657	Update the indexes in the database, adding any that are not already present.
7658	Delete all indexes for the database
7659	Build a mongo query across multiple cases by translating query options from a form into a complete mongo query dictionary.
7660	Build a mongo query using given case_id, query filters, and variant_ids.
7661	Adds clinsig filter values to the mongo query object. query(dict): A dictionary of query filters specified by the users. mongo_query(dict): The query that is going to be submitted to the database. Returns: clinsig_query(dict): A dictionary with clinsig key-values.
7662	Add genomic coordinate-related filters to the query object.
7663	Adds gene-related filters to the query object
7664	Drop the mongo database given.
7665	Parse user submitted panel CSV data and extract relevant information.
7666	This function constructs a dictionary representation of `clnsig_info` with specific keys (`value`, `accession`, `revstat`).
7667	Load a bulk of hgnc gene objects into the database and handle any write concerns. Return the result of the bulk insert operation.
7668	Load a bulk of transcript objects to the database
7669	Load a bulk of exon objects to the database
7670	Fetch a hgnc gene using its identifier and build version. If the identifier is a string, search forhgnc symbol; otherwise, search for hgnc id. Returns the gene object with transcripts if available.
7671	Return the hgnc id of the given hgnc symbol in the specified genome build.
7672	Fetch all hgnc genes that match a hgnc symbol, considering both the hgnc_symbol and aliases, and optionally allowing partial searching.
7673	Fetch all hgnc genes.
7674	Return the number of hgnc genes in collection. If a build is specified, return the number of genes for that build.
7675	Delete the genes collection.
7676	Deletes the transcripts collection. If a `build` parameter is provided, it deletes the collection for that specific build; otherwise, it drops the entire transcripts collection.
7677	Delete the exons collection, optionally by build.
7678	Return a dictionary with ensembl ids as keys and transcripts as values.
7679	Return a dictionary with hgnc_symbol as key and gene_obj as value
7680	Return a iterable with hgnc_genes. If the gene symbol is listed as primary the iterable will only have one result. If not the iterable will include all hgnc genes that have the symbol as an alias.
7681	Return a dictionary with hgnc symbols as keys and a list of hgnc ids as values. If a gene symbol is listed as primary the list of ids will only consist of that entry.
7682	Return a dictionary with ensembl ids as keys and gene objects as value.
7683	Check if a HGNC symbol is an alias and return the correct HGNC symbol, or None if it does not exist.
7684	Method adds the correct hgnc id to a set of genes with hgnc symbols
7685	Return a dictionary with chromosomes as keys and interval trees as values, where each interval represents a coding region of overlapping genes.
7686	Update the automatically generated OMIM gene panel in the database.
7687	Display a list of cases for an institute based on given parameters and filter options.
7688	Display one case.
7689	Show all MatchMaker matches for a given case
7690	Starts an internal match or a match against one or all MME external nodes
7691	Remove a case from MatchMaker by authorized users.
7692	Visualize case report based on institute and case details.
7693	Download a PDF report for a case
7694	Add or remove a diagnosis for a case.
7695	Handle phenotypes by adding or deleting them based on the provided phenotype ID.
7696	Perform actions on multiple phenotypes, such as deleting, phenomizer, genes, or generating.
7697	Handle events.
7698	Updates the status of a specific case based on user input
7699	Assign and unassign a user from a case.
7700	Search for HPO terms based on a query and return the top 7 results.
7701	Mark a variant as sanger validated.
7702	Mark a variant as confirmed causative either by adding or deleting the mark based on the user's action. Redirects the user back to the case page after the action.
7703	Display a delivery report for a given institute and case. Optionally filter by date.
7704	Share a case with a different institute.
7705	Request a case to be rerun
7706	Opens the research list for a case.
7707	Download vcf2cytosure file for individual.
7708	Load multiqc report for the specified case.
7709	Preprocess case objects for the 'cases' view by adding necessary information, grouping them by status, and preparing data including the total number of cases found and the applied limit.
7710	Gather contents to be visualized in a case report, handling individual data, adding case comments, and collecting and decorating evaluated variants.
7711	Posts a request to chanjo-report and captures the body of the returned response to include it in the case report.
7712	Get all Clinvar submissions for a user and an institute
7713	Collect MT variants and export them to Excel format, returning the number of files written.
7714	Update synopsis only if it was actually changed.
7715	Return the list of HGNC symbols that match annotated HPO terms.
7716	Return the display name and CGH file for an individual based on institute, case, and individual IDs.
7717	Return MultiQC report for the case.
7718	Retrieves variants for an institute with Sanger validations but not yet evaluated, grouped by case.
7719	Add a patient to MatchMaker server
7720	Deletes all affected samples for a case from MatchMaker
7721	Fetch and parse MatchMaker submission data for a sample and its eventual matches.
7722	Initiates a MatchMaker match either internally or externally against scout patients or external nodes
7723	Load the hgnc aliases to the mongo database.
7724	u Return a dictionary indicating the performance of variant callers for a given variant.
7725	Builds an `HgncTranscript` object from the provided `transcript_info` dictionary, ensuring all required fields are present and correctly typed. Raises exceptions for missing or incorrectly typed keys.
7726	This function `load_institute` is designed to load an institute into a database using a provided adapter. It takes four parameters: `adapter` (an object that handles database operations), `internal_id` (a unique identifier for the institute), `display_name` (a human-readable name for the institute), and `sanger_recipients` (a list of email addresses for Sanger recipients). The function first creates an institute object using the `build_institute` function with the provided parameters. It then logs an informational message indicating that the institute is being loaded into the database. Finally, it uses the `adapter` object to add the institute object to the database.
7727	Retrieve the CADD PHRED score from a variant and its associated transcripts. Return the highest score found.
7728	Loads a case into the database with optional VCF and BAM files, and processes family data using Scout's adapter.
7729	This method updates a single variant document in the database by replacing the existing variant with the provided `variant_obj`. It returns the updated variant document as a dictionary.
7730	Updates the manual rank for all variants in a case based on the rank score.
7731	Updates compounds for a variant by adding necessary information and handling cases where variant objects may not be pre-loaded.
7732	u Update the compounds for a set of variants by processing each variant's compounds and applying updates.
7733	Update compound information for bulk variants in the database.
7734	Update the compounds for a case by looping over all coding intervals, fetching variants within specific categories, updating variants with a bulk operation, and handling the regions where variants are located.
7735	Explanation:
- **Function Name**: `load_variant`
- **Purpose**: Loads a variant object into a database.
- **Parameters**:
  - `variant_obj`: A dictionary representing the variant object to be inserted.
- **Returns**:
  - `inserted_id`: The ID of the inserted variant object.
- **Behavior**:
  - The function attempts to insert the `variant_obj` into the `variant_collection`.
  - If a `DuplicateKeyError` is raised due to a duplicate ID, it raises an `IntegrityError` indicating that the variant already exists in the database.
  - If successful, it returns the ID of the inserted variant.

```python
_insert a variant object into the database; raise an error if the variant already exists._
```
7736	Upserts a variant object in the database, updating the compounds if the variant already exists.
7737	Load a bulk of variants and handle duplicates.
7738	assign a user to a case. creates an event and updates the case assignees.
7739	Share a case with a new institute, add collaborator, create event, update case database, and return updated case.
7740	Diagnoses a case by adding or removing OMIM IDs based on the specified level and updates the case in the database.
7741	Mark a case as checked or unchecked from an analysis point of view.
7742	This method `order_verification` is used to create events for variant and case verification. It updates the variant document by setting `sanger_ordered` to `True` and logs the creation of events for both the variant and the case. The method returns the updated variant as a dictionary.
7743	Gets all variants with validations ever ordered
7744	Mark validation status for a variant and update it in the database.
7745	Update a case to mark a variant as causative, set the case status to solved, and create events for the case and variant.
7746	Creates an event for updating the manual dismiss variant entry and updates the dismiss variant field of the variant. Returns the updated variant.
7747	Creates and logs an event for updating the ACMG classification of a variant, then updates the variant's ACMG classification in the database accordingly.
7748	Construct the necessary IDs for a variant.
7749	Method returns simple variant id by concatenating chromosome, position, reference, and alt with underscores.
7750	Returns the unique document id for a variant using an MD5 hash based on the provided chromosome, position, reference, alternate, variant type, and case id.
7751	Convert a gene panel with hgnc symbols to a new one with hgnc ids.
7752	Create a new variant id based on the given variant object and family ID.
7753	Returns the number of cases based on the provided institute ID.
7754	This method updates the dynamic gene list for a case by fetching genes based on either HGNC IDs or symbols and then adding them to the case's dynamically curated gene list. It returns the updated case dictionary.
7755	Fetches a single case from the database using either a case ID or a combination of institute ID and display name.
7756	Delete a single case from the database.
7757	Adds a case to the database if it does not already exist; raises an exception if it does.
7758	This method updates an existing case with a new one while keeping the object ID. It sets the `updated_at` field to the current date and time. The updated case is returned.
7759	Update case id for a case across the database.
7760	Submits an evaluation to the database by building an evaluation object and performing additional updates based on the criteria and variant information.
7761	Return all evaluations for a certain variant.
7762	Parses and aggregates transcript information from multiple lines into a dictionary.
7763	Parse a dataframe with ensembl gene information and yield gene details.
7764	Parse a dataframe with ensembl transcript information and yield a dictionary for each transcript.
7765	Parse an ensembl formatted line and extract relevant information.
7766	Parse ensembl formated genes from a biomart dump.
7767	Parse lines containing ensembl formatted exons.
7768	Parse a dataframe with ensembl exon information and yield gene info with recalculated start and end positions.
7769	Initializes logging in a specified file with a given log level. If no filename is provided, logs messages to stderr.
7770	Parse a line from OMIM data into a dictionary using a given header.
7771	Parse OMIM morbid lines.
7772	Create a dictionary of phenotype information from genemap lines.
7773	Paues the omim files -- parse the morbid, genemap, mim-related genes and phenotypes
7774	Convert a string to a number if possible, returning an integer or float. If the conversion is not possible, return None.
7775	Return a formatted month as a table.
7776	Set commonly used variables based on the day and weekday.
7777	Change colspan to "5", add "today" button, and return a month name as a table row, optionally including the year.
7778	```
Method to populate variables used to build popovers. Sets self.when, self.where, self.desc, and self.title2 based on the event's properties.
```
7779	Parse metadata for a gene panel from panel lines.
7780	Parse a gene line with information from a panel file.
7781	Parses a file with genes and returns the hgnc ids.
7782	Parse the panel info and return a gene panel.
7783	Show all diseases in the database.
7784	Update hpo terms in the database. Fetch the latest release and update terms.
7785	Display a list of all users and their affiliated institutes and event participation count.
7786	Parse conservation predictors from a variant dictionary.
7787	Return conservation predictions for a given variant based on a specified info key.
7788	Returns general information about cases based on the provided adapter and optional institute_id and slice_query.
7789	### Example 2:
Queries a database to retrieve information about case groups based on various filters such as institute ID and slice query. Groups cases by their status and calculates the count and percentage for each group.
7790	returns a json response, transforming 'context' to make the payload.
7791	Get the year and month from query strings or kwargs, or set to current year and month with an offset.
7792	Check if any events are cancelled on the given date 'd' and update the event title accordingly.
7793	Fetches a HPO term from the database using its ID.
7794	Return all HPO terms. If a query is sent, it will try to match with regex on term or description. Returns a pymongo.Cursor with HPO terms.
7795	Return a disease term from the database using a disease number or an identifier. If the identifier is a number, it uses the `disease_nr` field in the query; otherwise, it uses the `_id` field.
7796	Get disease terms that overlap a gene, or all disease terms if no gene is provided.
7797	Loads a disease term into the database. If the term already exists, it raises an IntegrityError.
7798	Generates a sorted list of genes associated with given HPO terms, counting their occurrences.
7799	Reads and populates Filterbank instance with data from an HDF5 file, with options for time and frequency slicing and loading the data.
7800	Setup frequency axis based on the provided start and stop frequencies. If start or stop frequencies are not provided, it uses the values from the header. It calculates the closest true index values and creates a frequency array.
7801	Setup time axis based on start and stop times, and return the corresponding integration indices and number of integrations.
7802	Fill in missing data points in the filterbank data.
7803	Computes Local Apparent Sidereal Time (LST) for an observation based on the telescope ID and time header, using either SLALIB or raising an error if SLALIB is not available.
7804	Blank DC bins in coarse channels.
7805	Print header information
7806	Setup ploting edges.
7807	Plot waterfall of data
7808	### Example 2:
Input:
def to_modify(self, uid):
        '''
        Try to modify the page.
        '''

        kwd = {
            'pager': '',

        }
        self.render('wiki_page/page_edit.html',
                    postinfo=MWiki.get_by_uid(uid),
                    kwd=kwd,
                    cfg=CMS_CFG,
                    userinfo=self.userinfo)
Output:
Try to modify the page.
### It is your turn now! Summarizing the follwing code into summary. Please output the answer directly as shown in the example(s) if provided.###
Input:
def plot_time_series(self, f_start=None, f_stop=None, if_id=0, logged=True, orientation='h', MJD_time=False, **kwargs):
        """ Plot the time series.

         Args:
            f_start (float): start frequency, in MHz
            f_stop (float): stop frequency, in MHz
            logged (bool): Plot in linear (False) or dB units (True),
            kwargs: keyword args to be passed to matplotlib imshow()
        """

        ax = plt.gca()
        plot_f, plot_data = self.grab_data(f_start, f_stop, if_id)

        if logged and self.header[b'nbits'] >= 8:
            plot_data = db(plot_data)

        #Since the data has been squeezed, the axis for time goes away if only one bin, causing a bug with axis=1
        if len(plot_data.shape) > 1:
            plot_data = plot_data.mean(axis=1)
        else:
            plot_data = plot_data.mean()

        #Make proper time axis for plotting (but only for plotting!). Note that this makes the values inclusive.
        extent = self._calc_extent(plot_f=plot_f,plot_t=self.timestamps,MJD_time=MJD_time)
        plot_t = np.linspace(extent[2],extent[3],len(self.timestamps))

        if MJD_time:
            tlabel = "Time [MJD]"
        else:
            tlabel = "Time [s]"

        if logged:
            plabel = "Power [dB]"
        else:
            plabel = "Power [counts]"

        # Reverse oder if vertical orientation.
        if 'v' in orientation:
            plt.plot(plot_data, plot_t, **kwargs)
            plt.xlabel(plabel)

        else:
            plt.plot(plot_t, plot_data, **kwargs)
            plt.xlabel(tlabel)
            plt.ylabel(plabel)

        ax.autos
7809	Writes data to a blimpy file in filterbank (.fil) format.
7810	This function calibrates the band pass filter by taking the median value for every frequency fine channel and dividing the data by it.
7811	Converts a data array with length `n_chans` to an array of length `n_coarse_chans` by averaging over the coarse channels.
7812	Applies calibration to Stokes parameters I, Q, U, and V using differential gains and phase offsets. Reshapes and swaps axes of the input arrays to facilitate broadcasting. Applies inverse Mueller matrices for electronics chain calibration based on the feedtype. Reshapes the arrays back to the original shape and returns the corrected Stokes parameters.
7813	Writes Stokes-calibrated filterbank files for a given observation using noise diode measurements. Processes cross polarization and Stokes I data, calculates gains and phases, and applies these to correct the Stokes parameters, writing the results to either a single file or four separate files. Logs progress and final output locations.
7814	Output:
Calculates fractional linear and circular polarizations for a rawspec cross polarization .fil file.
7815	Writes two new filterbank files containing fractional linear and circular polarization data.
7816	Return the index of the closest value in `xarr` to the given `val`.
7817	Rebin data by averaging bins together.
7818	upgrade data from nbits to 8bits
7819	Returns the difference between ON and OFF measurements for all Stokes parameters given a cross_pols noise diode measurement.
7820	Plots the uncalibrated full stokes spectrum of the noise diode. Use diff=False to plot both ON and OFF, or diff=True for the ON-OFF difference.
7821	This function plots the corrected noise diode spectrum for a given noise diode measurement after applying the inverse Mueller matrix for the electronics chain.
7822	Plots the calculated gain offsets of each coarse channel along with the time averaged power spectra of the X and Y feeds
7823	Equation for the surface tension
7824	Ensure valid selection ranges for time and frequency within file limits. Adjust ranges if necessary and update internal state.
7825	Calculates the size of data of interest based on the number of integrations, frequency channels, and bytes per integration.
7826	Calculate the shape of the data of interest based on the time and frequency limits.
7827	Sets up the start and stop indices for channels based on frequency bounds.
7828	Updating frequency borders from channel values
7829	Return time axis based on the number of integrations requested and whether to update the header.
7830	Populate frequency axis
7831	- This function attempts to calculate the number of coarse channels in a given file.
- It requires a file with enough channels and a-priori knowledge of the digitizer system.
- If the file has more than 2^20 channels, it checks if 2^20 divides the total number of channels.
- If not, it checks if the file is from the Green Bank telescope (GBT) and calculates the number of coarse channels accordingly.
- If the file is from a different telescope or has fewer than 2^20 channels, it logs a warning and returns `None`.
7832	Given the blob dimensions, calculate how many fit in the data selection.
7833	Check if the current selection size in bytes exceeds the maximum allowed data array size
7834	Internal method to read data from a file, applying selection and handling data loading and processing.
7835	Not implemented
7836	r Reads a block of data from a file at a specified row number. The data is reshaped into a 2D numpy array, with the number of channels set by `self.channels`. If `reverse` is True, the data is flipped along the x-axis.
7837	Reads a data selection and loads it if it's small enough.
7838	Updates the header information from the original file to the selection, including the frequency, number of coarse channels, and time stamp.
7839	Print header information and other derived information.
7840	Write data to a .fil file, check file size, and decide how to write based on size.
7841	Write data to HDF5 file by checking file size and deciding the writing method accordingly. Track and log the conversion time.
7842	Write data to HDF5 file in one go.
7843	Takes the size into consideration and sets the blob dimensions while trying to maximize the number of MiB read at a time, assuming each chunk is around 1 MiB.
7844	Sets the chunking dimensions depending on the file type. Adjusts chunk_dim based on the presence of specific patterns (".0000.", ".0001.", ".0002.") in self.filename. Returns optimized chunk dimensions for different data resolutions or uses minimum chunking for unknown formats.
7845	Extracts a portion of data by frequency range.
7846	Command line tool for plotting and viewing info on Guppi raw files. Can generate spectra and histograms as output.
7847	Read first header in file.
7848	Count the number of data blocks in a file.
7849	Compute some basic stats (average, standard deviation, maximum, and minimum) on the next block of data.
7850	Plot a histogram of data values.
7851	Generate a blimpy header dictionary based on the first header and additional parameters.
7852	Find header size of a filterbank file
7853	Compares the checksums of two .fil files by removing their headers and calculating the md5sum of the remaining data. If the checksums match, it prints "Checksum matches between files." Otherwise, it prints "Checksum does not match between files."
7854	This method provides a command line tool for converting Guppi raw files into HDF5 versions. It uses argparse to parse command-line arguments, reads the raw files, and writes the data to an HDF5 file, including headers as attributes.
7855	Returns time-averaged spectra of the ON and OFF measurements in a calibrator measurement with flickering noise diode.
7856	Folds Stokes I noise diode data and integrates along coarse channels.
7857	Calculate the fluxes of a calibrator source in a given frequency range based on its known properties.
7858	Returns central frequency of each coarse channel by averaging the frequency bins within each coarse channel.
7859	Return the f_ON and f_OFF values calculated using the equations from van Straten et al. 2012.
7860	Calculate the coarse channel spectrum and system temperature of the noise diode in Jy given two noise diode measurements ON and OFF the calibrator source
7861	Calculate frequency-dependent system temperature given observations on and off a calibrator source.
7862	Calibrate Stokes I for an observation using a noise diode measurement and a diode spectrum with the same number of coarse channels.
7863	Return the length of the blimpy header, in bytes
7864	Open file and confirm if it is a filterbank file or not.
7865	Apply a quick patch-up to a Filterbank header by overwriting a header value.
7866	Converts a Filterbank object's header into a serialized sigproc header which can be written to disk. The function handles specific keywords like 'src_raj', 'src_dej', 'az_start', 'za_start', and any other valid keywords by generating appropriate keyword-value pairs in the header string.
7867	Converts an astropy.Angle to the ridiculous sigproc angle format string.
7868	Calculate the number of integrations in a given file.
7869	Converts a Traceback into a dictionary representation
7870	Return a subparser for a DNS record type with the given name, TTL, and additional arguments.
7871	Return ArgumentParser for DNS RRs.
7872	Removes comments from a zonefile by serializing and tokenizing each line.
7873	Parse each line of text to ensure a name is defined, using '@' as a default if none exists.
7874	Parse a line using a parser and record tokens, updating the parsed records dictionary.
7875	Parse a zonefile into a dict.
7876	Parse a zonefile into a dict by removing comments, flattening the text, removing the class, adding a default name, and then parsing the lines.
7877	Quote a field in DNS records and handle escaped characters.
7878	Load and return a PySchema class from an avsc string.
7879	This function generates a Python package from a collection of classes, organizing them into modules based on their namespace hierarchy. It accepts arguments for the classes, target folder, parent package for import statements, and the indentation level.
7880	Generate Python source code for one specific class. This function does not include or take into account any dependencies between record types.
7881	Disable automatic registration of records in the auto_store.
7882	Convert a record object to a JSON-encodable object format.
7883	Create a Record instance from a json-compatible dictionary.
7884	Create a Record instance from a json serialized dictionary
7885	Decorator to register record class with schema in record store for retrieval at record load time.
7886	Return a matching record based on the record_name. If not found, return a record matching the last part of the full name without the namespace. If no matching record is found, raise a KeyError.
7887	Convert the field definition of a PySchema class to a dictionary.
7888	Decorator for mixing in additional functionality into a class. Example usage: Mix additional functionality into an Integer class to add a postgres_type and modify the postgres_dump method.
7889	Creates a proper PySchema class from cls, transferring any methods and attributes to the new object. Automatically stores the class if auto_store is True.
7890	Return a python dict representing the JSON schema of a record.
7891	Return a root JSON schema for a given record, including all sub-record schemas and definitions.
7892	Reads a file object with JSON-serialized pyschema records and yields a stream of pyschema objects.
7893	Writes a stream of JSON-serialized Py Schema Records to a file object and can be used as `job.writer` in `luigi.hadoop.JobTask`.
7894	Set value at the front of OrderedDict - Like object.
7895	Specify query string to use with the collection and return a SearchResult.
7896	Sends all filters to the API and returns a search result.
7897	Method for retrieving entities with specified attributes from a collection.
7898	Returns the entity from the correct collection based on the "href" value in the result. If the "href" value does not match the current collection, it attempts to find the collection that the "href" refers to and returns the corresponding entity.
7899	When a quote character is passed, it returns another quote if available. Raises an error if no other quote is found.
7900	Escape values passed to a filter, handling strings with quotes appropriately.
7901	Constructs an elementary rotation matrix for rotation around the x, y, or z-axis.
7902	Take the astrometric parameter standard uncertainties and the uncertainty correlations as quoted in the Gaia catalogue and construct the covariance matrix.
7903	Calculate radial velocity error from V-band magnitude and spectral type, with the error averaged over the sky.
7904	Calculate the parallax error for a given source magnitude and colour.
7905	Calculate the single-field-of-view-transit photometric standard error in the G band as a function of G. A 20% margin is included.
7906	Calculates the end-of-mission photometric standard error in the G band as a function of G, incorporating a 20% margin.
7907	Generates a plot of photometry performance predictions based on given arguments.
7908	Returns the average number of transits across the Gaia focal plane for given Ecliptic latitude values.
7909	Calculate the angular distance between pairs of sky coordinates in radians using the provided latitude and longitude in radians.
7910	Rotates Cartesian coordinates from one reference system to another using the rotation matrix with which the class was initialized. The inputs can be scalars or 1-dimensional numpy arrays. Parameters----------x - Value of X-coordinate in original reference systemy - Value of Y-coordinate in original reference systemz - Value of Z-coordinate in original reference systemReturnsxrot - Value of X-coordinate after rotationyrot - Value of Y-coordinate after rotationzrot - Value of Z-coordinate after rotation
7911	Converts sky coordinates from one reference system to another using a rotation matrix initialized by the class. Handles both scalar and 1-dimensional numpy array inputs for phi (azimuthal angle) and theta (elevation angle) in radians. Returns the transformed azimuthal and elevation angles in radians.
7912	Transform the astrometric covariance matrix to its representation in a new coordinate system using the given angles and Jacobian matrix.
7913	Look up numerical factors to scale errors for a given astrometric observable based on Ecliptic latitude and the number of transits.
7914	Generates a plot of relative parallax errors as a function of distance for stars of a given spectral type, with options to output as a PDF or PNG file.
7915	Makes a plot with radial velocity performance predictions based on command line arguments.
7916	Utility function for selecting the first non-null result from a list of functions.
7917	Decorator for eval\_ that prints a helpful error message if an exception is generated in a Q expression.
7918	Converts a value to unicode and adds quotes if it is initially a string.
7919	Apply each function to each item in the collection and return a new collection.
7920	Return a new Collection excluding some items based on a given function.
7921	Return a new Collection with some items removed based on a filtering function. If no function is provided, false-y items will be removed.
7922	Return a new Collection with the last few items removed.
7923	Return a new Collection with items dropped until a condition is met.
7924	Zip the items of this collection with one or more other sequences, and wrap the result. Unlike Python's zip, all sequences must be the same length.
7925	Find a single Node among this Node's descendants. Returns :class:`NullNode` if nothing matches. This function takes same inputs as BeautifulSoup.
7926	Return potential locations of IACA installation.
7927	Yield all groups of simple regex-like expression. Handle range characters (-) and non-sensical ranges.
7928	Generate a list of register options based on a regular expression-like syntax.
7929	Return a LIKWID event string from an event tuple or keyword arguments.
7930	Compile list of minimal runs for given events, eliminating duplicates and scheduling them in minimal runs per register group.
7931	Report analysis outcome in human readable form, including detailed performance metrics and bottleneck information based on verbosity level.
7932	Print a human-readable report of the model's performance, including CPU and memory bottlenecks, and analysis of CPU IACA output.
7933	Output: Generate a human-readable report of the generated model based on the results stored in `self.results`. If verbose mode is enabled, print the entire results using `pprint`. For each dimension in the results, print the layer condition solution for each cache. If the condition is unconditionally fulfilled, print "unconditionally fulfilled". Otherwise, print the inequality or equation solution.
7934	Naive comment and macro striping from source code
7935	Round float to next multiple of base.
7936	u Return a list of block indices for splitting a list of integers into blocks of a given size, with the first block element located at a specified initial boundary.
7937	Dispatches to the cache predictor to retrieve cache statistics and updates the results dictionary with these statistics.
7938	Returns performance model cycles from cache stats. calculate_cache_access() needs to have been execute before.
7939	Run complete anaylysis and return results.
7940	Returns the results of a complete analysis, including normalized port cycles, uops, and throughput. Handles exceptions and normalizes data based on block size and cache line size.
7941	Strip whitespaces and comments from assembly lines
7942	Strips all labels that are never referenced.
7943	Return the best block based on a heuristic that considers packed instructions and, if necessary, additional operational metrics.
7944	Let user interactively select byte increment
7945	Let user interactively select a block from a list of blocks. Prompts the user to enter the block index and validates the input. If the input is invalid, it prompts again. Default block index can be provided. If debug mode is enabled, it also displays the code and metadata of the selected block.
7946	Inserts IACA markers into a list of ASM instructions at specified indices.
7947	Adds IACA markers to an assembly file. Returns the instrumented assembly block. Raises an error if instrumentation fails due to undetermined loop increment unless manually specified.
7948	Execute command line interface. Find and analyze basic loop blocks and mark for IACA. Output nternal analysis information for debugging.
7949	Setup and execute a model with specified blocking settings and return the total number of cycles.
7950	Return list of evenly spaced integers over an interval. Numbers can either be evenly distributed in a linear space (if *log* is False) or in a log space (if *log* is True). If *log* is True, base is used to define the log space basis. If *endpoint* is True, *stop* will be the last retruned value, as long as *num* >= 2.
7951	Return the datetime object of the latest change in the kerncraft module directory.
7952	Check arguments passed by user and ensure they meet certain conditions, setting default values if necessary.
7953	Initialize and run command line interface.
7954	Process two or more pickle files by merging their dictionary contents into a single destination pickle file.
7955	Create a sympy.Symbol with positive and integer assumptions.
7956	Transform ast of multidimensional declaration to a single dimension declaration.
7957	Transforms an AST (abstract syntax tree) of a multidimensional reference into a single dimension reference in-place. It iterates through the array references, calculates the new subscripts based on a dimension dictionary, and combines them into a single subscript expression.
7958	Recursively searches for nodes of a given type in an AST and returns a list of references to those nodes.
7959	Will make any functions return an iterable object by wrapping its result in a list.
7960	Check that information about kernel makes sense and is valid. Ensure that all variables in the kernel have the same data type.
7961	Set constant of name to value, ensuring name is a str or sympy.Symbol and value is an int, and update the constants dictionary accordingly.
7962	Substitutes constants in an expression unless it is already a number.
7963	Return a dictionary with total sizes of arrays, considering the number of elements or bytes, and whether to substitute constants.
7964	Return the offset from the iteration center in number of elements.
7965	Removes duplicate source and destination accesses by converting the sets of accesses for each variable name.
7966	Return the number of global loop iterations that are performed. If dimension is not None, it is the loop dimension that is returned (-1 is the inner most loop and 0 the outermost).
7967	Yield loop stack dictionaries in order from outer to inner. If `subs_consts` is `True`, substitute constants.
7968	Returns the order of indices as they appear in array references, filtered by sources and destinations.
7969	Return a dictionary of lists of sympy accesses, for each variable, filtered by sources and destinations.
7970	Return load and store distances between accesses for each variable
7971	Return sympy expressions translating global_iterator to loop indices. If global_iterator is given, an integer is returned.
7972	Return global iterator sympy expression
7973	Transform a dictionary of indices to a global iterator integer. Inverse of global_iterator_to_indices().
7974	Return global iterator with last iteration number.
7975	Print kernel information in human-readable format, including loop stack, data sources, data destinations, and FLOPs.
7976	Print variables information in a human-readable format.
7977	Print constants information in human-readable format to the specified output file.
7978	Print source code of kernel to specified output file.
7979	Converts mathematical expressions from AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) to a sympy representation, supporting parentheses, addition, subtraction, and multiplication.
7980	Return a tuple of offsets of an ArrayRef object in all dimensions. The index order is right to left (c-code order). If aref is a c_ast.ID, None will be returned.
7981	Return base name of ArrayRef object. e.g. c[i+1][j-2] -> 'c'
7982	Return the index type used in the loop nest and check if all indices have the same type; if not, raise an exception.
7983	Generate list of constant declarations
7984	Return array declarations.
7985	Returns kernel loop nest including any preceding pragmas and following swaps.
7986	Return the list of declarations nodes and dictionary of array names and original dimensions, by transforming multi-dim to 1d arrays and initializing with malloc.
7987	Returns the innermost for loop in the given loop nest.
7988	Generate initialization statements for arrays using random float values.
7989	Generates a false if branch with dummy calls. Inserts dummy function calls for top-level declarations from the kernel AST. Returns a compound statement with the dummy calls inside an if branch.
7990	Build and return a kernel function declaration by constructing the respective array and scalar declarations using the `_build_array_declarations` and `_build_scalar_declarations` methods, and appending constant declarations using the `_build_const_declartions` method. The function declaration is then created using the `c_ast.FuncDecl` and `c_ast.TypeDecl` classes from the `libclang` library, with the function name set to 'kernel' and the return type set to 'void'.
7991	Build scalar variable declarations and optionally initialize them with random values.
7992	### Example 2:
Input:
```
def get_kernel_code(self, openmp=False, as_filename=False, name='kernel'):
        """
        Generate and return compilable source code with kernel function from AST.

        :param openmp: if true, OpenMP code will be generated
        :param as_filename: if true, will save to file and return filename
        :param name: name of kernel function
        """
        assert self.kernel_ast is not None, "AST does not exist, this could be due to running " \
                                            "based on a kernel description rather than code."
        file_name = 'kernel'
        if openmp:
            file_name += '-omp'
        file_name += '.c'

        fp, already_available = self._get_intermediate_file(
            file_name, machine_and_compiler_dependent=False)

        # Use already cached version
        if already_available:
            code = fp.read()
        else:
            array_declarations, array_dimensions = self._build_array_declarations()

            # Prepare actual kernel loop nest
            if openmp:
                # with OpenMP code
                kernel = deepcopy(self.get_kernel_loop_nest())
                # find all array references in kernel
                for aref in find_node_type(kernel, c_ast.ArrayRef):
                    # transform to 1d references
                    transform_multidim_to_1d_ref(aref, array_dimensions)
                omp_pragmas = [p for p in find_node_type(kernel, c_ast.Pragma)
                               if 'omp' in p.string]
                # TODO if omp parallel was found, remove it (also replace "parallel for" -> "for")
                # if no omp for pragmas are present, insert suitable ones
                if not omp_pragmas:
                    kernel.insert(0, c_ast.Pragma("omp for"))
                # otherwise do not change anything
            else:
                # with original code
                kernel = deepcopy(self.get_kernel_loop_nest())
                # find all array references in kernel
                for aref in find_node_type(kernel, c_ast.ArrayRef):
                    # transform to 1d references
                    transform_multidim_to_1d_ref(aref, array_dimensions)

            function_ast = c_ast.FuncDef(decl=c_ast.Decl(
                name=name, type=self._build_kernel_function_declaration(name=name), quals=[],
                storage=[], funcspec=[], init=None, bitsize=None),
                body=c_ast.Compound(block_items
7993	Returns the AST for calling a kernel function, with arguments consisting of array, scalar, and constant declarations.
7994	Generate and return compilable source code from AST.
7995	Run an IACA analysis and return its outcome. The *asm_block* controls how the to-be-marked block is chosen, with options for auto, manual, or a specific number. The *pointer_increment* specifies the number of bytes the pointer is incremented after the loop, with choices for automatic detection, manual input, or prompting the user.
7996	Compiles source to executable with likwid capabilities and returns the executable name.
7997	Convert any string to a sympy object or None.
7998	Return the identifier which is either the machine file name or SHA-256 checksum of data.
7999	Return.datetime.object.modified.time.machine.file.now.not.a.file.
8000	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
8001	Select the best fitting kernel based on the read/write ratio and determine the bandwidth accordingly.
8002	Returns a tuple containing the selected compiler and its flags. The function first checks if compiler and flags are provided as arguments, or if they are available in the machine description file or via command-line arguments. If not, it selects the first available compiler in the machine description file and its associated flags. Finally, it returns the compiler and flags as a tuple.
8003	Parse events in machine description to tuple representation used in Benchmark module.
8004	Enforce that no ranges overlap in internal storage. Adjusts ranges to ensure non-overlap by merging overlapping ranges.
8005	Return local folder path of header files.
8006	Aligns an iteration with a cache line boundary, optionally adjusting it forward or backward based on the first offset of writes or reads.
8007	Return a list with the number of loaded cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8008	Return a list with the number of hit cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8009	Return a list with the number of missed cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8010	Return a list with number of stored cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8011	Return a list with the number of evicted cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
8012	Return verbose information about the predictor
8013	Fix environment variable to a value within context, and restore original value or unset if value is None.
8014	Method to configure an argument group for a parser with options to disable the phenomenological ECM model building, specify the number of outer-loop iterations for benchmarking, and ignore warnings about mismatched CPU model and frequency.
8015	Report gathered analysis data in human-readable form.
8016	Parses the description from the README file, converting it to a clean format suitable for PyPI.
8017	Schedule a retry
8018	Build and return Sailthru purchase item object
8019	Record a purchase in Sailthru handling errors and retries
8020	Get course information using the Sailthru content api or from cache. If there is an error, just return with an empty response.
8021	Get course information from Ecommerce, handling errors by returning an empty response.
8022	Maintain a list of courses the user has unenrolled from in the Sailthru user record
8023	Sends a course refund email with details such as amount, course name, order number, and order URL.
8024	Sends an offer assignment notification email and retries failed emails when appropriate.
8025	Return a dictionary containing logging configuration.
8026	Retry with exponential backoff until fulfillment succeeds or the retry limit is reached. If the retry limit is exceeded, the exception is re-raised.
8027	Fulfills an order by requesting it from an eCommerce API and handling potential errors such as 406 status code (order already fulfilled) or server errors, with retries if necessary.
8028	Returns a Sailthru client configured for the specified site, raising an error if Sailthru integration is disabled or the API key/secret are not set.
8029	Get an object from the cache based on the provided key. If the key is not found, return None. If the key has expired, clean out all expired keys and return None. Otherwise, return the cached object.
8030	Save an object in the cache with a specified key, value, and duration.
8031	Retrieves the value of a variable from the configuration module, optionally applying a site-specific override. Raises an error if the variable is not found.
8032	Get the configuration overrides file name from an environment variable. Raises an `EnvironmentError` if the variable is not set.
8033	Retrieves the value from the dictionary based on the current EnergyPlus version.
8034	Return the most recent Energy Plus version if `_eplus_version` is not defined. If `_eplus_version` is defined, return that version. If Energy Plus is not installed, raise a `RuntimeError`.
8035	Defined a dictionary of file reference objects, each with a constructor and a path getter, for different file types in the class.
8036	Workflow for populating from JSON data:
1. Add inert records:
   - Check data
   - Unregister old links
   - Store record in table (ensuring pk uniqueness)
2. Activate hooks, links, and external files
8037	An external file manages file paths and retrieves them from tables.
8038	All fields of Epm with a default value and that are null will be set to their default value.
8039	This function finalizes initialization by checking if the object is extensible, determining the cycle length, identifying the cycle start, setting up patterns for the cycle, and storing this information for later use. It also detaches unnecessary field descriptors and updates field descriptor cycle start indices for error messages during serialization.
8040	Manages extensible names by modifying the field descriptor's name based on the index and extensible information.
8041	Calculate short references on the fly to avoid managing registrations and un-registrations.
8042	Returns the first occurrence of a value from a specified column where the corresponding value in another column matches a given criterion.
8043	Update the value at a specified index in `_data` with the provided value, handling the de-registration of previous links, hooks, and external files as necessary.
8044	Updates the fields based on the provided data or keyword arguments, activating hooks, links, and external files in the process.
8045	sets all empty fields for which a default value is defined to default value
8046	Add values to extensible fields without specifying their field names or indexes.
8047	Removes a value from an extensible field, shifts other values to fill the gap, and returns the serialized value of the popped field.
8048	This method inserts a value at a specified index in an extensible field, shifts the existing values to the right, and updates the field accordingly.
8049	Deletes a record from the database and unregisters it from links, hooks, and external files without removing it from the table.
8050	Register a record hook ensuring the reference key does not already exist.
8051	Register a link between a source record and a target record, and set the target based on potentially available hooks or raise an error if no suitable hooks are found. Additionally, store the link in reverse lookups by both source and target.
8052	Create regex and return. If error occurs returns None.
8053	Return the remaining duration for a recording, ensuring it is not negative.
8054	Converts an object to a dictionary for JSON serialization
8055	Make HTTP request to a given URL with optional parameters.
8056	Get available service endpoints for a given service type from the Opencast ServiceRegistry.
8057	Try to create a directory. Pass without error if it already exists.
8058	Retrieve the location of a given service from Opencast and add it to the current configuration.
8059	Register this capture agent at the Matterhorn admin server so that it shows up in the admin interface. If the capture agent is in backup mode, it will run silently in the background without registering.
8060	Send the state of the current recording to the Matterhorn core.
8061	Update the status of a particular event in the database.
8062	Update the current agent state in opencast.
8063	Find the best match for the configuration file. If a file is explicitly specified, return it; otherwise, probe for the configuration file in the default location (`./etc/pyca.conf`). If not found there, return `/etc/pyca.conf`.
8064	Update configuration from file and validate it. Check for file-flavor mismatch and log warnings/errors as necessary.
8065	Check configuration for sanity. Warn if HTTPS checks are turned off and ensure the certificate exists and is readable if provided. Inform if the agent runs in backup mode and no data will be sent to Opencast.
8066	Initializes the logger based on the configuration.
8067	Serve the status page of the capture agent by retrieving and displaying information about preview images, recording limits, recording and uploading statuses, and event counts.
8068	Serve the preview image with the given id
8069	Starts all services included in the input modules.
8070	Parses an Opencast schedule iCalendar file and returns events as a dictionary.
8071	```plaintext
Try to load and process the schedule from the Matterhorn core. Returns a valid schedule or None on failure.
```
8072	Main loop for the schedule service, retrieving the schedule and managing events.
8073	Main loop for updating the capture agent state, handling service status, notifications, and periodic updates until termination.
8074	Return a response with a JSON API error object.
8075	Return a response with a list of jsonapi data objects
8076	Serves a JSON representation of internal agent state as metadata.
8077	Serve a JSON representation of events
8078	Return a specific events JSON.
8079	Deletes a specific recorded event identified by its UID. Optionally deletes the recorded files on disk if the `hard` parameter is set to 'true'. Returns 204 if successful, 404 if the event does not exist.
8080	Modify an event based on its UID with attributes like status, start, and end. Requires a JSON payload with the correct content type. Only works with recorded events.
8081	Extracts configuration parameters and workflow definition from the properties attached to a schedule.
8082	Ingest a finished recording to the Opencast server.
8083	Start the capture process, creating necessary files and directories, and ingest the captured files if no backup mode is configured. Update the event status and recording state accordingly.
8084	The function `render_to_fragment` creates a fragment with predefined HTML, JavaScript, and CSS, and then returns the fragment.
8085	Returns a list of unique `FragmentResource`s by order of their first appearance.
8086	Returns the fragment in a dictionary representation.
8087	Creates a new Fragment object from a dictionary representation.
8088	Adds content to the fragment's body.
8089	Add a resource needed by this Fragment.
8090	Add a resource by URL needed by this Fragment.
8091	Register a Javascript function for initializing Javascript resources.
8092	Generates an HTML string for resources based on the specified placement, either "head" or "foot".
8093	Method for converting a resource object to HTML based on its mimetype and kind.
8094	Render a fragment to HTML or return JSON, based on the request format.
8095	Renders a standalone page as a response for the specified fragment. Returns an HTTP response with the rendered HTML content or a 204 No Content status if the fragment is None.
8096	Render a standalone HTML page from a fragment.
8097	Calculate pFDR and q-values from p-values and lambda
8098	This function converts a list or flattens an n-dimensional array to a 1-dimensional array if possible.
8099	Find matching q-value for each score in 'scores' using nearest match from error table.
8100	Compute posterior probabilities for each chromatogram
8101	Creates artificial cutoff sample points from given range of cutoff values in df, number of sample points is num_cut_offs
8102	Generate a summary error table for given q-values based on a DataFrame.
8103	Generate error statistics from target and decoy scores
8104	Finds cut off target score for specified false discovery rate fdr
8105	**Generates** a report on the derivation and postprocessing steps in teneto.derive.
8106	Infer peptidoforms after scoring of MS1, MS2, and transition-level data, saving the results to a specified output file.
8107	Infer peptides and conduct error-rate estimation in different contexts.
8108	Infer proteins and conduct error-rate estimation in different contexts.
8109	Subsamples an OpenSWATH file to a minimum size for integrated scoring.
8110	Reduce scored PyProphet file to minimum for global scoring
8111	Backpropagate multi-run peptide and protein scores to single files
8112	Filter sqMass files.
8113	Retrieves a restclients.Group object for the group identified by the passed group ID.
8114	Creates a group from the passed `restclients.Group` object.
8115	Delete a group by its ID.
8116	Returns a list of `restclients.GroupMember` objects for the group identified by the passed `group_id`.
8117	Updates the membership of a group and returns a list of members not found
8118	This interface is used to retrieve the count of effective members within a specified group.
8119	Checks if a given netid is a member of a specified group.
8120	Modify and save the configuration file (`docs/conf.py`) by adding a custom extension and changing the HTML theme to `sphinx_rtd_theme`.
8121	Create 3 datasets in a group to represent the sparse array.
8122	Decrypts input from stdin and outputs the decrypted content to stdout based on the encryption type.
8123	Returns a stdin-suitable file-like object based on the optional os_path and optionally skipping any configured sub-command.
8124	This method returns a stdout-suitable file-like object based on the optional `os_path` and optionally skipping any configured sub-command.
8125	**Output**:
Returns a file-like object for stderr based on the optional os_path and sub-command configuration.
8126	This function returns a debug-output-suitable file-like object based on the optional os_path and optionally skipping any configured sub-command.
8127	A context manager that provides a stdin-suitable file-like object, optionally skips a sub-command, and ensures proper closing and cleanup.
8128	A context manager yielding a stdout-suitable file-like object based on the optional os_path and optionally skipping any configured sub-command.
8129	A context manager yielding a stderr-suitable file-like object based on the optional os_path and optionally skipping any configured sub-command.
8130	A context manager that yields a debug-output-suitable file-like object based on optional parameters, and provides for skipping configured sub-commands and handling disk closure with a callback.
8131	Deletes all objects and containers in the account, requiring verification via `yes_empty_account`. Optionally handles partial deletion with `until_empty` flag, which could run indefinitely.  `yes_empty_account`  `until_empty` 
8132	Deletes all objects in a container until it is empty.
8133	Instance method decorator to convert an optional file keyword argument into an actual value, whether it be a passed value, a value obtained from an io_manager, or sys.stdout.
8134	For use as a decorator of instance methods, this function converts an optional file keyword argument into an actual value, either from a passed value, a value obtained from an io_manager, or sys.stderr.
8135	Outputs the error message to the specified file if provided, or to the io_manager's stderr if available, or to sys.stderr.
8136	Help information is printed to the specified file, or to the io_manager's stdout if available, or to sys.stdout.
8137	Outputs usage information to specified file, io_manager's stdout, or sys.stdout.
8138	```markdown
Outputs version information to the specified file, io_manager's stdout, or sys.stdout.
```
8139	Raises an exception indicating the request method is not implemented
8140	POSTs the account and returns the results.
8141	Sends a DELETE request to the account and returns the results.
8142	PUTs a container and returns the results. This is typically used to create new containers and can be used to set X-Container-Meta-xxx headers, which will remain untouched if they already exist. To remove an X-Container-Meta-xxx header, send the header with an empty string as its value.
8143	Send a HEAD request to retrieve metadata about an object in a container.
8144	Performs a GET request for an object, returning the status, reason, headers, and contents of the response.
8145	PUTs the object and returns the results. This is used to create or overwrite objects in a Swift cluster.
8146	POSTs the object and updates its header values.
8147	Resolves an option value into the options instance, using the specified option name and section name. It first checks if the option is already set in the options instance. If not, it constructs the environment variable and config name based on the provided section and option names. Finally, it sets the option's resolved value in the options instance.
8148	Return a shallow copy of the CLIContext instance.
8149	### Example 2:
Input:
def write_headers(self, fp, headers, mute=None):
        """
        Convenience function to output headers in a formatted fashion
        to a file-like fp, optionally muting any headers in the mute
        list.
        """
        if headers:
            if not mute:
                mute = []
            fmt = '%%-%ds %%s\n' % (max(len(k) for k in headers) + 1)
            for key in sorted(headers):
                if key in mute:
                    continue
                fp.write(fmt % (key.title() + ':', headers[key]))
            fp.flush()
Output:
Convenience function to output headers in a formatted fashion to a file-like fp, optionally muting any headers in the mute list.
8150	Authenticates a client and outputs various authentication-related information.
8151	generate temp url for given method, url, seconds, and key
8152	Return URL encoded string for the given value, protecting the safe characters and ensuring the value is UTF-8 encoded.
8153	Issues commands for each item in an account or container listing.
8154	Obtains a client for use, whether an existing unused client or a new one if none are available.
8155	Encrypts a content stream using AES 256 in CBC mode.
8156	Decrypts a content stream using AES 256 in CBC mode.
8157	Performs PUTs rooted at the path using a directory structure pointed to by context.input_.
8158	Performs a PUT operation on an account using the provided context. It handles the input and sends the appropriate body. The response status is checked, and an exception is raised if the status is not successful.
8159	Performs a PUT operation on a container.
8160	Returns body for manifest file and modifies put_headers.
8161	Creates a container for segments of a file with a specified path, and returns a prefix for access.
8162	Generates a TempURL and sends that to the context.io_manager's stdout.
8163	Translates information from x_trans_id to context.io_manager's stdout, including time and additional data.
8164	Outputs help information based on the given command_name. If command_name is 'for', it is replaced with 'fordo'. If command_name is not provided, it outputs general help information using general_parser. If command_name is provided and exists in command_parsers, it outputs help information for the specific command using its option_parser. If command_name is provided but does not exist, it raises a ReturnCode with an error message.
8165	Check whether the file is empty by reading a single byte.
8166	Encrypts context.io_manager's stdin and sends that to context.io_manager's stdout using AES encryption.
8167	Get the status of a commit using the provided parameters and return the JSON response.
8168	Get data for a given pull request.
8169	Returns the last 30 pull requests from a repository.
8170	Publish all slider item titles in the `hero_slider` app.
8171	Return the published slider items, optionally limiting the amount.
8172	Renders the hero slider by fetching published items and ordering them by position.
8173	Acquire the lock to read by acquiring `_order_mutex` and `_readers_mutex`. If there are no readers currently, also acquire `_access_mutex`. Then, increment the `_readers` count. Finally, release `_order_mutex` and `_readers_mutex`.
8174	Release the lock after reading
8175	Acquire the lock to write
8176	This method adds a new task to the registry using the provided `task_id`. It checks if a task with the same `task_id` already exists; if so, it raises an `AlreadyExistsError`. Otherwise, it creates a new `Task` object, stores it in the registry under the given `task_id`, and logs the addition.
8177	Remove a task from the registry using its identifier. If the identifier is not found, raise a `NotFoundError` exception.
8178	Method for retrieving a task from the registry using its task identifier. Raises `NotFoundError` if the task does not exist.
8179	Returns the list of tasks sorted by task ID.
8180	Returns a dict with the representation of this task configuration object.
8181	Create an configuration object from a dictionary. Key,value pairs will be used to initialize a task configuration object. If 'config' contains invalid configuration parameters a `ValueError` exception will be raised.
8182	Execute a Perceval job on RQ and handle retries.
8183	Initialize the archive manager with a given path. If the path is empty, raise a ValueError.
8184	Run the backend with the given parameters. The method will run the backend assigned to this job, storing the fetched items in a Redis queue. The ongoing status of the job can be accessed through the property `result`. When `resume` is set, the job will start from the last execution, overwriting 'from_date' and 'offset' parameters if needed. Setting `fetch_from_archive` to `True` allows items to be fetched from the archive assigned to this job. Any exception during the execution of the process will be raised.
8185	Executes a backend of Perceval and returns an iterator of fetched items, with the option to fetch from the archive.
8186	Checks if the index exists, creates it if it doesn't, and optionally cleans (deletes and recreates) it if specified.
8187	Creates and validates a mapping in an Elasticsearch index.
8188	Custom JSON encoder handler
8189	Write items to the queue.
8190	Add and schedule a task.
8191	Removes and cancels a task by its ID. Returns `True` if successful, otherwise `False`.
8192	Returns a specified number of items from the bottom of a feed.
8193	Check that the task arguments received are valid, including task_id, backend, category, and backend_args.
8194	Parse the archive arguments of a task.
8195	Performs a job and notifies of its result.
8196	Schedule a job task in a queue with optional delay.
8197	Cancel the job related to the given task.
8198	Runs a thread to listen for jobs and reschedule successful ones, logging any errors that occur.
8199	Listen for completed jobs and reschedule successful ones. Publish-subscribe mechanism is used to listen for messages on the pubsub channel specifies the Redis connection and pubsub channel for communication. For each message received, if the message type is 'message', the job data is decoded from pickle, and the job object is fetched from Redis. If the job status is 'finished' or 'failed', the result handler or error handler is called respectively. If no handler is found, the message is ignored.
8200	Starts job scheduling in either async or sync mode.
8201	Schedule a task.
8202	Cancel a task from the registry and scheduler.
8203	Handles successful jobs, updates task parameters, and reschedules the job accordingly.
8204	Handle failed jobs by logging the error with the job ID and task ID.
8205	Build the set of arguments required for running a job.
8206	Gets contents of secret file.  
:param secret_name: The name of the secret present in BANANAS_SECRETS_DIR  
:param default: Default value to return if no secret was found  
:return: The secret or default if not_found
8207	Registers the API view class in the bananas router.
8208	Decorator for registering a generic class-based view wrapped with ModelAdmin and fake model. It allows specifying the admin class and admin site to register the view on.
8209	Extends Django REST Framework's `reverse_action` method to handle cases where the request version is missing by falling back to the requested namespace.
8210	Get or generate a human-readable view name from a class or instance, optionally respecting a previously set name.
8211	Constructs a PEP386-compliant version number from the given version tuple.
8212	Gets the engine or raises an exception, resolves Alias-instances to a sibling target. Returns the object found.
8213	Retrieve the engine string from a '+'-separated scheme by looking it up in ENGINE_MAPPING.
8214	Get database name and database schema from a "/"-delimited path and return a tuple with (database or None, schema or None).
8215	A function that parses a database URL and returns a Django-style database configuration dictionary.
8216	Parse a database URL and return a DatabaseInfo named tuple.
8217	Log in a Django staff user.
8218	Retrieve logged in user info
8219	Change password for logged in django staff user
8220	This method extends the functionality of a base class by overriding the `build_url_field` method. It adds a "view_name" parameter to the `kwargs` dictionary, which is used to specify the URL name corresponding to the "detail" action of the current view.
8221	Parse a string value to a boolean, considering various positive and negative indicators, and raise a ValueError if the string cannot be parsed as a boolean.
8222	Parses a numeric string to an integer, supporting both decimal and octal formats. If the string starts with "0o", it converts it from octal to decimal; otherwise, it converts it directly to an integer.
8223	Return appropriate parser for given type.
8224	Get and parse prefixed Django settings from env.
8225	Convert Django model instance fields into a dictionary.
8226	Encode a string using a non-standard URL-safe base64 variant.
8227	Create a field based on the provided field info dictionary.
8228	Create a Validator instance from a dictionary describing validator's fields.
8229	Generate a Cartesian product of input parameter dictionary.
8230	Takes a list of explored parameters and finds unique parameter combinations. If parameter ranges are hashable operates in O(N), otherwise O(N**2).
8231	Turn simple logging kwargs into a `log_config`.
8232	Decorator to allow a simple logging configuration by providing `log_folder`, `logger_names`, and `log_levels`. Also ensures that `log_config` is not specified when using the simple logging method.
8233	Tries to create directories for a given filename, ignoring errors and notifying via stderr.
8234	Returns all valid python strings inside a given argument string.
8235	Renames a given `filename` with valid wildcard placements based on provided parameters or trajectory attributes.
8236	Adds a logger with an optional `name`, defaulting to a constructed name based on the class.
8237	Extracts wildcards and file replacements from the trajectory.
8238	Displays a progress bar
8239	Searches for parser settings defining filenames, renames them according to wildcard rules, and optionally creates corresponding folders.
8240	Turns a `ConfigParser` object into a `StringIO` stream.
8241	Return `None` if no 'multiproc_' sections are found. Otherwise, return a new `NoInterpolationParser` object containing the options from the 'multiproc_' sections without the prefix.
8242	Searches for multiprocessing options in a given `dictionary`. If found, they are copied (without the `'multiproc_'` prefix) into a new dictionary.
8243	Checks and converts logging configuration settings if necessary, including handling progress reporting and file paths.
8244	Parse a configuration file to check and replace filenames within it, creating directories for these files as needed.
8245	Recursively processes a log configuration dictionary, renames filenames, creates necessary directories, and copies the dictionary.
8246	Creates logging handlers and redirects stdout, optionally handling multiprocessing configurations and logging levels.
8247	Finalizes the manager, closes and removes all handlers if desired.
8248	Starts redirection of `stdout`
8249	Writes data from buffer to logger, handling recursion to avoid log duplication.
8250	Compares two result instances and checks if they are equal. Ignores comments during comparison. Raises a `ValueError` if both inputs are not result instances.
8251	Compares two parameter instances based on their full names, data, and ranges. Returns True if they are equal, False otherwise. Raises ValueError if both inputs are not parameter instances.
8252	For use as a decorator to transform a function into a manual run function, this creates a new function that controls the run process by wrapping the original function. It allows for the option to turn the trajectory into a single run with specialized functionality, automatically store metadata, and clean up data added during the run, provided the `turn_into_run` parameter is set to True.
8253	Decorator to mark functions as deprecated. Emits a warning when the function is used, with an optional additional message.
8254	Check for mutually exclusive parameters and map one if the other is specified.
8255	This is a decorator that checks if an old keyword argument (`old_name`) is used in a function call. If it is, it issues a warning indicating that the old argument is deprecated, and optionally converts the call to use a new API by replacing `old_name` with `new_name` in the keyword arguments. If `new_name` is not provided, it raises a warning that the old keyword is no longer supported.
8256	Decorator that retries a function `n` times, catching specified errors. Waits `wait` seconds between retries. Optionally logs errors using provided `logger_name`.
8257	a class decorator that adds prefix naming scheme by overriding __getattr__ and __setattr__ methods.
8258	Adds necessary parameters to the input `traj`, including standard parameters and specific values tailored for the network.
8259	Creates and runs a Brian network based on the parameters in `traj`.
8260	Simulation function for Euler integration.
8261	Adds all necessary parameters to the `traj` container, including simulation steps, step size, initial conditions, and parameters for a Lorenz attractor differential equation, with annotations for each parameter group.
8262	A function to compute the derivatives of the Lorenz attractor system given a 3D array of values and three parameters (sigma, beta, rho).
8263	Creates a service from a constructor and checks which kwargs are not used
8264	Creates and returns a storage service, handling different input types for `storage_service` and processing `kwargs` to return unused arguments.
8265	Adds all necessary parameters to the `traj` container based on the specified differential equation.
8266	An implementation of the Roessler attractor differential equation.
8267	**Summary:** Compress an HDF5 file by creating a temporary file and applying compression properties from a given trajectory. Optionally, keep a backup of the original file before renaming it to the compressed version.
8268	Checks if any of the parameters in `group_node` is explored in the given trajectory.
8269	Computes model equations for the excitatory and inhibitory population by replacing variables and creating equation objects.
8270	Pre-builds the neuron groups for a Brian network constructor. It checks if the relevant parameters have been explored, and if not, it creates an inhibitory neuron group and an excitatory neuron group, adding them to the network dictionary.
8271	Builds the neuron groups if not already pre-built.
8272	Builds the neuron groups from `traj`. Adds the neuron groups to `brian_list` and `network_dict`.
8273	Pre-builds the connections in a trajectory if certain conditions are met, using neuron groups and parameters from the input.
8274	Builds the connections if they have not been pre-built.
8275	Adds parameters for simulation durations to the `traj` container.
8276	Computes the Fano Factor for a specific neuron during a given time window. Returns the Fano Factor or 0 if the average firing rate is 0.
8277	Computes average Fano Factor over many neurons.
8278	Calculate and store the average Fano Factor of a neural network's excitatory neurons in the trajectory's results. Analysis is performed based on whether all subruns have finished.
8279	Adds monitors to the network if the measurement run is carried out.
8280	Adds monitors to the network
8281	Output:
Returns the path to a subfolder for plots based on the trajectory's attributes, creating the folder if it does not already exist.
8282	Plot a state variable graph for several neurons into one figure.
8283	Makes some plots of the given trajectory and stores them into subfolders.
8284	Extracts monitor data and plots if all subruns are completed. Adds data from monitors to the trajectory container and optionally plots the extracted data.
8285	Function that parses the batch id from the command line arguments
8286	Choosing exploration parameters for a trajectory based on a batch number
8287	Labels `node.vars.name` and `node.v_name` are synonyms.
8288	Alternative naming, returns `node.func.name` instead of `node.f_func`
8289	Renames the tree node and updates the full name and name attributes accordingly.
8290	Sets some details for internal handling.
8291	Maps a given node and a store_load constant to the message that is understood by the storage service.
8292	Removes a subtree from the trajectory tree; does not delete stuff from disk only from RAM. Recursively deletes nodes based on a given predicate.
8293	Deletes a single node from the tree, removing all references to it. The root node and its direct children cannot be deleted to prevent potential catastrophic consequences.
8294	Remove a node from the tree, optionally recursively deleting child nodes.
8295	Removes a given node from the tree. Starts from a given node and walks recursively down the tree to the location of the node we want to remove. We need to walk from a start node in case we want to check on the way back whether we got empty group nodes due to deletion.
8296	Maps a given shortcut to the corresponding name.
8297	Adds the correct sub-branch prefix to a given name based on the parent node and group type.
8298	Determines types for generic additions based on the start node and the operation to be performed. Returns a tuple of types, where the first element is the type of the current node and the second element is the type of the addition.
8299	Adds a given item to the tree irrespective of the subtree. Infers the subtree from the arguments.
8300	Adds a new item to a tree structure, creating new groups as needed. Supports adding instances or creating new ones based on provided constructor and arguments. Handles various types of items and groups, ensuring proper additions and avoiding conflicts with existing items or links.
8301	Creates a link between nodes and instances, checks names for appropriateness, and updates linking and counting information.
8302	Checks if a list contains strings with invalid names. Returns a description of the name violations. If names are correct, the empty string is returned.
8303	Generically creates a new group based on the specified `type_name`.
8304	Generically creates a novel parameter or result instance by inferring from the provided `type_name`. If an instance is already supplied, it is not constructed new. Handles parameters, config, derived parameters, and results, ensuring proper naming and structure within a trajectory node.
8305	Renames a given instance based on parent node and name. Adds meta information like depth as well.
8306	Returns an iterator over nodes hanging below a given start node, optionally recursively and with depth and predicate filtering.
8307	Returns an iterator over a node's children. In case of using a trajectory as a run, some sub branches that do not belong to the run are blinded out.
8308	Iterator function for breadth-first search traversal of a tree, yielding items based on a predicate and depth limit.
8309	Fast search for a node in the tree using reference dictionaries without traversing the tree.
8310	Searches for an item in the tree below `node`.
8311	Performs a backwards search from a given terminal node to a start node, filtering candidates based on provided split names, maximum depth, and shortcuts.
8312	Create `kids` as an alternative naming for `node.name` for easier tab completion. Create `NNTreeNodeKids` if `_kids` is `None`. Return `_kids`.
8313	Can be called from storage service to create a new group to bypass name checking
8314	Can be called from storage service to create a new leaf to bypass name checking
8315	Returns a list of all children names, loading the data skeleton recursively with or without meta_data and run_information based on the root instance and auto_load setting.
8316	Creates a dummy object containing the whole tree for debugging purposes.
8317	Returns the parent of the node. Raises a TypeError if the current node is root.
8318	Adds an empty generic group under the current node. You can add to a generic group anywhere you want, and build your parameter tree with any structure. If within specific subtrees, it calls the corresponding adding function. Aware of saving items manually in single runs if not below a `run_XXXXXXXX` group.
8319	Adds a link to an existing node. Can be called as `node.f_add_link(other_node)` to add a link to `other_node` with the link name as the name of the node, or as `node.f_add_link(name, other_node)` to add a link with the given `name`. Colon-separated names are not allowed.
8320	Removes a link from the current group node with a given name.
8321	Adds an empty generic leaf under the current node, allowing for flexible trajectory tree construction.
8322	Recursively remove the group and all its children.
8323	Removes a child of the group from the current trajectory.
8324	Checks if the node contains a specific parameter or result, considering various parameters for search criteria.
8325	Similar to `f_get`, but returns the default value if `name` is not found in the trajectory. This function uses the `f_get` method and will return the default value in case `f_get` raises an AttributeError or a DataNotInStorageError. Other errors are not handled. In contrast to `f_get`, fast access is True by default.
8326	Return a shallow copy or reference to the group's dictionary of nodes.
8327	Returns a dictionary of groups hanging immediately below this group.
8328	This method returns a dictionary of all leaves immediately below the current group. It allows the caller to choose whether to receive a copy of the group's original dictionary or a shallow copy. If a copy is requested, modifications to the returned dictionary will not affect the original group's dictionary.
8329	Returns a link dictionary. If `copy` is True, a shallow copy of the dictionary is returned; otherwise, the original dictionary is returned.
8330	Stores a child or recursively a subtree to disk.
8331	Stores a group node to disk
8332	Loads a child or recursively a subtree from disk.
8333	Loads a group from disk.
8334	Adds a new parameter group to the current node, allowing for optional name and comment, or a predefined group instance. Optionally, it can create subgroups within the specified name.
8335	Adds a parameter under the current node. You can add a parameter instance or pass the values directly to the function. If you want to create a different parameter than the standard parameter, you can give the constructor as the first (non-keyword!) argument followed by the name. The full name of the current node is added as a prefix to the given parameter name. Note that all non-keyword and keyword parameters apart from the optional constructor are passed on as is to the constructor. You always should specify a default data value of a parameter, even if you want to explore it later.
8336	Adds an empty result group under the current node, prefixed with the current node's full name and configurable subgroups.
8337	Adds a result under the current node with the option to pass a Result instance or the values directly. The method adds the full name of the current node as a prefix to the result name and handles different types of results.
8338	Adds an empty derived parameter group under the current node, prefixed by the full name of the current node. Supports subgroup creation via colon-separated names.
8339	Adds a derived parameter under the current group. Similar to `pypet.naturalnaming.ParameterGroup.f_add_parameter`, with naming prefixes added as in `pypet.naturalnaming.DerivedParameterGroup.f_add_derived_parameter_group`.
8340	```plaintext
Adds an empty config group under the current node. Uses the full name of the current node as a prefix, adding `'config'` if the node is the trajectory (root). Allows subgroups in the `name` parameter using colons.
```
8341	Adds a config parameter under the current group. If the current group is the trajectory, the prefix `'config'` is added to the name. Similar to :func:`~pypet.naturalnaming.ParameterGroup.f_add_parameter`.
8342	calculate the fitness of an individual based on its trajectory and store the result
8343	Adds commit information to the trajectory, including commit hash, name, date, and message.
8344	Grow Comment: `%s` will only be appended if the comment is not empty. The commit message is then constructed by appending the trajectory name and time. If there are changes in the repository, and if `git_fail` is `True`, a `GitDiffError` is raised. If there are changes and `git_fail` is `False`, a new commit is made, and the SHA_1 code of the commit is returned. If there are no changes, the old commit is used, and its SHA_1 code is returned.
8345	Flattens a nested dictionary by concatenating nested keys with a specified separator.
8346	Nest a given flat dictionary.
8347	Plots a progress bar to the given `logger` for large for loops.
8348	Helper function to support both Python versions for getting arguments and checking if it uses **kwargs.
8349	Takes a function and keyword arguments and returns only the ones that can be passed to the function.
8350	Converts a timestamp to a human-readable format
8351	Returns local TCP address for a given port, automatically selecting a port if none is provided.
8352	Creates a directory if it does not already exist, handling race conditions.
8353	Resets the progressbar to start a new one. Initializes various parameters including start time, start index, current index, percentage step, total, total minus one, length, normalization factor, and current interval based on the provided inputs.
8354	Calculates remaining time as a string based on the current time, start time, total elements, start index, and current index.
8355	Method to return annotations as a dictionary, with an option to return a shallow copy or the original dictionary.
8356	Removes `key` from annotations
8357	Returns all annotations lexicographically sorted as a concatenated string.
8358	Turns a given shared data item into an ordinary one by requesting the data conversion and optionally reloading it.
8359	Turns an ordinary data item into a shared one, replaces the old result from the trajectory, and empties the given result.
8360	Creates shared data on disk with a StorageService on disk.
8361	Interface with the underlying storage. Passes request to the StorageService that performs the appropriate action.
8362	Returns the actual node of the underlying data.

If using HDF5, it will be the HDF5 leaf node.

Raises a warning if the store is not open and then requests the data item.
8363	Checks if the outer data structure is supported by verifying if it is either supported by the superclass or belongs to one of the explicitly supported types in SharedResult.
8364	Calls the corresponding function of the shared data item and returns the result.
8365	Stores the current process name in the trajectory and overwrites previous settings.
8366	Handles locking of locks. If a lock is already locked, sends a WAIT command; otherwise, LOCKs it and sends GO. Complains if a given client re-locks a lock without releasing it before.
8367	Notifies the Server to shutdown.
8368	This method closes the socket and terminates the context, but does nothing if the context is already closed.
8369	Started connection to server if not existent. Makes ping-pong test as well if desired.
8370	Send request and receive response with retries if no response is received.
8371	Acquires a lock by repeatedly sending a request until the server responds with 'GO'.
8372	Method for handling listening requests from the client and processing different types of requests including checking available space, testing the socket, sending data, storing data, and closing the connection.
8373	Sends data to the server if there is space available in the queue. If the queue is full, it waits for 10 milliseconds until there is space.
8374	Detects if the lock client was forked by comparing the current process's PID with the stored PID. If they don't match, it restarts the connection.
8375	Handles data and returns `True` or `False` if everything is done.
8376	Starts listening to the queue and processes incoming messages until a stop condition is met. Finally, it closes the storage service and resets the trajectory name.
8377	Gets data from queue.
8378	Gets data from pipe.
8379	Acquire a lock before storage and release it afterwards.
8380	Simply keeps a reference to the stored data.
8381	Stores references to disk and may collect garbage.
8382	Decorator wrapping the environment to use a config file
8383	Collects all settings within a section and returns them as keyword arguments (kwargs).
8384	Collects all information from three sections (storage_service, trajectory, environment) and returns it as a dictionary.
8385	Copies parsed arguments into the kwargs passed to the environment, taking precedence over the ini file if a key is already specified. If simple logging is not used and 'log_config' is not already in kwargs, it sets 'log_config' to the ini file. Returns the updated kwargs.
8386	**Summary:** Adds parameters and config from a `.ini` file to a trajectory.
8387	Converts an integer rule number into an 8-element binary list representation, corresponding to rule tables for cellular automata, such as Rule 30.
8388	Creates an initial state for the automaton. Generates either a single live cell in the middle or a random distribution of live cells.
8389	Plots an automaton pattern as an image and saves it to a specified file with specified axes labels and title.
8390	Simulates a 1-dimensional cellular automaton based on an initial state, a rule number, and a number of steps.
8391	sociedad.
8392	Signals the process timer and emits a message if more time than the display time has passed.
8393	Returns the overview group. If the overview group does not exist, creates it.
8394	Loading a particular item from disk. The function accepts different messages (msg) and their respective parameters to load a trajectory, leaf, group, tree, or list of items. It also handles potential errors during the loading process.
8395	Stores data to disk based on the message provided. Handles different types of storage operations such as merging, backing up, storing trajectories, single runs, parameters, results, groups, trees, linking, deleting, and more. Raises `NoSuchServiceError` if the message is unrecognized.
8396	Loads several items from an iterable where each item is a tuple containing a message, an item, and optional positional and keyword arguments. If `args` and `kwargs` are not provided in the tuple, they are taken from the current function arguments.
8397	Reads out properties for storing new data into an HDF5 file and processes them from a trajectory object. It handles different attribute mappings and raises an error if certain summary tables are disabled while removing duplicate comments.
8398	Stores several items from an iterable where each item is represented as a tuple containing a message, the item itself, and optional additional arguments and keyword arguments.
8399	Close an hdf5 file only when `closing=True` and file was opened in current highest recursion level.
8400	Extracts file information from `kwargs` and assigns it to instance variables while removing the keys from `kwargs`.
8401	Backs up a trajectory to an HDF5 file with an optional custom backup filename. If no filename is provided, it defaults to a specific format based on the trajectory name. The method ensures that the backup file does not already contain a trajectory with the same name before copying the trajectory data.
8402	Reads a row from a table and returns a dictionary containing the row content with column names as keys.
8403	Prepares a trajectory for merging by updating meta information, storing extended parameters, increasing the run table, and extracting parameter summary.
8404	Loads metadata about the trajectory, checks version compatibility, updates trajectory properties, and loads various exploration data.
8405	Loads data starting from a node along a branch and recursively loads all data at the end of the branch.
8406	Checks for version mismatch between the current pypet version and the version used when the trajectory was created. Raises a `VersionMismatchError` if they do not match and `force` is `False`. If `force` is `True`, emits a warning instead.
8407	Fills the `run` overview table with information from a trajectory, updates the information where necessary, and ensures that all updated run indices are stored in the overview table.
8408	Recalls names of all explored parameters in a trajectory.
8409	Stores all explored parameter names for internal recall in an HDF5 file.
8410	Creates the overview tables in overview group.
8411	Stores a trajectory to an hdf5 file. If not in initialization mode, logs start of storage or initialization meta data. Raises error if trajectory name already exists. Handles HDF5 settings and stores trajectory for the first time. Stores meta information and recursively stores parameters, config, derived parameters, and results. Logs progress and completion.
8412	Stores data starting from a node along a branch and recursively loads all data at the end of the branch.
8413	Creates a new pypet leaf instance and returns it along with its length if it is an explored parameter.
8414	Load a node from an HDF5 file and optionally recursively load everything below. Handle both leaf and non-leaf nodes, manage parameters/results, and respect recursion limits.
8415	Stores a node to HDF5 and optionally stores its sub-tree recursively.
8416	Stores a single row into an overview table.
8417	Creates a new table if it does not exist, or returns the existing table.
8418	Returns an HDF5 node by the path specified in `name`.
8419	Stores original data type to hdf5 node attributes for preserving the data type.
8420	Checks if loaded data has the type it was stored in. If not converts it.
8421	Adds or modifies a row in a table based on the provided flags and parameters.
8422	Copies data from a dictionary into a PyTables row.
8423	Extracts information from a given item to store into a pytable row.
8424	Cuts string to max_length, appending '...' if necessary and logs truncation.
8425	Creates or returns a group with the given name within the specified parent HDF5 group. If the group does not exist, it creates a new one and returns it along with a flag indicating the creation. If the group already exists, it returns the existing group and a flag indicating no creation.
8426	Creates new or follows existing group nodes along a given colon separated `key`. :param key: Colon separated path along hdf5 file, e.g. `parameters.mobiles.cars`. :param start_hdf5_group: HDF5 group from where to start, leave `None` for the trajectory group. :return: Final group node, e.g. group node with name `cars`.
8427	Stores annotations into an hdf5 file, optionally overwriting existing ones.
8428	Loads annotations from disk into the given item with annotations if they are not already present.
8429	Stores a group node, handling annotations, comments, and optionally recursive storage.
8430	Loads a group node and potentially everything recursively below.
8431	Reloads skeleton data of a tree node. If the node has no annotations, it loads them. If the node has no comment, it loads the comment from the HDF5 group.
8432	Extracts storage flags for data in `data_dict` if they were not specified in `flags_dict`.
8433	Adds data to the summary tables and returns if `instance`s comment has to be stored.
8434	Adds meta information to the overview tables and HDF5 group of an instance, with options to overwrite existing data and handle comments and explored parameters.
8435	Stores a `store_dict` into an HDF5 group based on specified storage flags.
8436	This function `_prm_store_parameter_or_result` is designed to store a parameter or result to HDF5 format. It takes several parameters such as `instance`, `store_data`, `store_flags`, `overwrite`, `with_links`, `recursive`, `_hdf5_group`, `_newly_created`, and `kwargs`. The function first checks if the `store_data` is set to not store anything, and if so, it returns. If `store_data` is set to store data skipping and the instance is already stored, it logs a message and returns. If `store_data` is set to overwrite and `overwrite` is not provided, it sets `overwrite` to `True`. It then gets the full name of the instance and logs a message to store the instance. If no `_hdf5_group` is provided, it creates one. It then creates a `store_dict` to store the data from the instance and updates the `store_flags` with any user-specified flags. If there is data in `store_dict` that is not known how to store, it picks default storage flags. If `overwrite` is set, it deletes the existing data and stores the new data. It then stores the annotations and updates the meta information and summary tables if a new group or parameter was created. If an error occurs during the storage process, it removes the data and raises an error.
8437	Creates and writes data to an HDF5 array object based on the specified flag
8438	Creates a new empty table in an HDF5 file with optional initial data and filters.
8439	Stores a Python dictionary as a PyTable in an HDF5 file.
8440	Stores a pandas DataFrame into hdf5.
8441	Stores data as carray, earray or vlarray depending on `flag`.
8442	Stores data as array in HDF5 file.
8443	Removes a link from disk
8444	Removes a parameter or result or group from the hdf5 file.
8445	Stores data as a pytable, handling cases where the number of columns exceeds a predefined limit by splitting the data and creating additional tables for efficient storage.
8446	Builds a description dictionary for PyTables table creation using provided data.
8447	Creates a pytables column instance based on the type of the first element in the input column. Handles integers, strings/bytes, numpy arrays, and other data types, adjusting for string lengths and array shapes. Logs errors if type mismatches occur.
8448	Returns the longest string size for a string entry across data, adjusted to allow for slightly larger strings later.
8449	Loads data from an HDF5 group into a dictionary based on specified conditions and flags.
8450	Reads data stored as a dictionary in a PyTables table and returns it as a dictionary with each key value reduced to a single element.
8451	Reads shared data from an HDF5 node and constructs the appropriate class based on the data type.
8452	**Summary**: Reads data from a PyTables table or group, column by column, and constructs a new ObjectTable for the loaded data. Handles nested and non-nested tables, recalling original data types as needed.
8453	Reads data from an array or carray, recalls original data types, and handles errors.
8454	Helper function that creates a novel trajectory and loads it from disk.
8455	Creates a run set name based on ``idx`` by dividing it by GROUPSIZE and using a formatted string or a dummy set name if the result is negative.
8456	Sets properties like `v_fast_access`. For example: `traj.f_set_properties(v_fast_access=True, v_auto_load=False)`
8457	Adds classes or paths to classes to create custom parameters for the trajectory.
8458	Can make the trajectory behave as during a particular single run. It allows easier data analysis by setting `v_idx` and `v_crun` to the appropriate index and run name, updating all explored parameters to their corresponding value in the exploration ranges, and restricting search to the run subtree under `results` and `derived_parameters` with the corresponding index.
8459	Makes the trajectory iterate over all runs.
8460	Shrinks the trajectory and removes all exploration ranges from the parameters. Raises a TypeError if the trajectory was stored before, unless `force=True`.
8461	Marks a parameter or config for presetting, ensuring it's not already part of the trajectory.
8462	Presets parameter value before a parameter is added. Can be used to change the values that are stored into the parameter on creation.
8463	```markdown
Initial configurations before running individual experiments

- Checks if all presettable parameters have been preset; raises an error if any are missing.
- Locks all parameters to prevent further changes.
- Removes any potential results from previous runs to avoid mixing up undesired shortcuts with natural naming.
```
8464	Searches for all occurrences of `name` in each run.
8465	This private function checks if a named or identified run is completed. If no `name_or_id` is provided, it returns `True` if all runs are completed. Otherwise, it returns whether the specified run is completed.
8466	Delete all explored parameters from disk when a trajectory is expanded.
8467	Adds a full tree from a given node to the trajectory, considering all links, and optionally copying leaves and overwriting existing elements.
8468	###Summary:

Prepares a trajectory to explore parameter space by adding new parameter values. Accepts a dictionary with parameter names and iterables of exploration ranges. Raises ValueError if iterables have different lengths or if parameters are not found. Requires unlocking parameters before exploration. Validates parameter types and can handle consecutive calls. Raises exceptions and rolls back changes on errors.
8469	Overwrites the run information of a particular run
8470	Adds a new run to the `_run_information` dict with the given parameters. If the index already exists in `_single_run_ids`, it will delete old entries and create new ones with the new name. The `_single_run_ids` dict is bidirectional and maps indices to run names and vice versa. The function also updates the `_run_information` dict with the new run information and increments the `_length` attribute.
8471	Locks all non-empty parameters
8472	Locks all non-empty derived parameters
8473	Final rollback initiated by the environment.Restores the trajectory as root of the tree, and stores meta data to disk.
8474	Load the full skeleton from the storage service. This includes updating the trajectory tree with all results and derived parameters from individual runs, adding empty results and derived parameters (i.e., the skeleton), and loading annotations.
8475	### Summary
Loads a trajectory via the storage service, allowing for various customization options such as specifying which parts of the trajectory to load (parameters, results, derived parameters) and whether to load them recursively. Also allows for specifying dynamic imports and controlling whether run information and metadata are loaded.
8476	Backs up the trajectory using the specified storage service, allowing various parameters to be passed directly to the service. For the HDF5StorageService, you can provide a custom `backup_filename`. If not specified, the service will automatically generate a file name in the same directory as the HDF5 file, with a name format indicating the trajectory name.
8477	Creates a mapping from all wildcard translations to the corresponding wildcards if they haven't already been created.
8478	Merges several `other_trajectories` into the current trajectory, optionally backing up the current trajectory and logging the merge progress.
8479	Updates the `run_information` of the current trajectory by merging with another trajectory's run information based on the used runs.
8480	Renames a full name by substituting wildcards with indices from another trajectory.
8481	Merge derived parameters with "run_ALL" in their names and handle their links and comments in a trajectory.
8482	Merges links from another trajectory into the current one, applying various filters and renaming operations based on allowed translations and ignored data.
8483	Merges meta data from another trajectory, including git commits, environment settings, and previous merge configurations, into the current trajectory.
8484	Merges trajectories by loading iteratively items of the other trajectory and storing them into the current trajectory, applying a rename dictionary for key mapping.
8485	Merge `other_trajectory` results into the current trajectory, rename results as specified by `rename_dict`, and handle ignored data based on `ignore_data`.
8486	Migrates or renames the trajectory and changes its storage service if specified.
8487	Stores the trajectory and its data to disk recursively, with options for initializing, storing different types of data, and setting a maximum storage depth.
8488	Restores the default value in all explored parameters and sets the v_idx property back to -1 and v_crun to None.
8489	Notifies the explored parameters what current point in the parameter space they should represent.
8490	In-place modification of the trajectory for single runs executed by the environment
8491	Returns a list of run names that can be sorted or not, depending on the provided parameter. If sorted, it uses a bucket sort-like approach for efficiency.
8492	Returns a dictionary containing information about a single run.
8493	Finds a single run index given a particular condition on parameters
8494	Allows manually running an experiment without using an environment.
8495	Finalize a run manually, setting finish, cleaning up data if specified, updating run information, and storing meta data if required.
8496	Sets the start timestamp and formatted time to the current time.
8497	Sets the finish time and computes the runtime in human-readable format
8498	Creates a new node. Checks if the new node needs to know the trajectory.
8499	Returns a dictionary based on the specified criteria.
8500	Sets the current run as completed and performs rollback operations by removing new links and nodes from the environment.
8501	Returns a dictionary containing config names and parameters.
8502	Returns a dictionary containing the full result names as keys and the corresponding result objects or result data items as values. The `fast_access` parameter determines whether the result objects or their values are returned, and the `copy` parameter specifies whether a shallow copy of the original dictionary is returned.
8503	Stores individual items to disk, allowing large results to be written and cleared, and supports overwriting parts of stored data.
8504	Loads parameters and results specified in `iterator`.
8505	Remove items from the trajectory. This function only removes items from the current trajectory and does not delete data stored to disk. It will also remove all links if the items are linked.
8506	Deletes several links from the hard disk. Links can be passed as a string or as a tuple containing the node from which the link should be removed and the name of the link.
8507	Recursively removes all children of the trajectory.
8508	Deletes items from storage on disk.
8509	Starts a pool single run and passes the storage service.
8510	Wraps a single run for the frozen pool, updates kwargs, sets the current run index, and handles SIGINT.
8511	Configures the pool and sets the storage service for the pool.
8512	Configures the frozen pool and keeps all kwargs, including niceness, logging, and trajectory settings.
8513	Configure logging and start a single run.
8514	Wrapper function that configures a frozen SCOOP set up by deleting old SCOOP data if necessary.
8515	Scoop runs a single function call, but does not configure logging if it is not the origin process.
8516	Requests the logging manager to configure logging, optionally extracting naming data from the trajectory and handling exceptions.
8517	Sets the niceness of a process
8518	Handles graceful exits for single runs by wrapping the `_single_run` function and checking for SIGINT.
8519	Performs a single run of an experiment, executing a job function and handling data storage and run information.
8520	Used to start running a queue handler and create a log file for the queue.
8521	Loads a class from a string naming the module and class name. For example: load_class(full_class_string = 'pypet.brian.parameter.BrianParameter') <BrianParameter>
8522	Dynamically creates a class by trying to find it in the current global namespace or by dynamically importing it from the provided list of dynamic imports.
8523	Returns the length of the parameter range. Raises TypeError if the parameter has no range. Does not need to be implemented if the parameter supports `__len__` appropriately.
8524	Return a string summary of the value handled by the parameter.
8525	Checks if the parameter considers two values as equal using a nested comparison. Raises a TypeError if both values are not supported by the parameter.
8526	Return a python iterable containing the exploration range.
8527	Explore a parameter using an iterable. Raises exceptions if the parameter is locked, already explored, has no default value, or the data types do not match. Stores the exploration range in memory.
8528	Expands the parameter according to the iterable and appends to the exploration range, raising exceptions if the parameter is locked or does not support the data.
8529	Returns a list of valid data items from the given iterable while performing type checking using the `f_supports` and `_values_of_same_type` methods. It also raises a ValueError if the iterable is empty.
8530	Convert internal data into a dictionary structured for storage by a service, including an 'explored_data' table if the parameter is explored.
8531	Loads the data and exploration range from the `load_dict`. Sets the parameter values accordingly and marks the parameter as locked.
8532	Reconstructs the data and exploration array. Checks if the array identifier is in the `load_dict`. If not, calls the parent class's `_load` method. Restores the exploration range of arrays if the parameter is explored.
8533	Checks if two matrices are equal by comparing their hash values.
8534	Return True if the data is a scipy sparse matrix in csr, csc, bsr, or dia format.
8535	Extracts data from a sparse matrix to make it serializable in a human-readable format. Returns a tuple containing a list of data necessary to reconstruct the matrix, a list of attribute names, and a tuple of hashable parts. Handles different sparse matrix formatscsr, csc, bsr, and dia.
8536	Method formats a name for storage, returning a tuple of names with a specific format based on the property and sparse matrix index.
8537	Reconstructs a matrix from a list containing sparse matrix extracted properties
8538	Reconstructs the data and exploration array from the given load_dict. Checks if the array identifier '__spsp__' is in load_dict, and if not, calls the parent class's _load method. If the parameter is explored, reconstructs the exploration range of matrices and updates the explored_range and explored attributes.
8539	Returns a dictionary for storage, with pickled data and explored references.
8540	Reconstructs objects from the pickle dumps in `load_dict`. Sets the `v_protocol` property to the protocol used to store 'data'. Also, reconstructs the exploration range from the 'explored_data' entry and appends it to `self._explored_range`.
8541	Translates integer indices into the appropriate names
8542	Summarizes data handled by the result as a string. Calls `__repr__` on all handled data. Data is NOT ordered. Truncates the string if it is longer than :const:`pypetconstants.HDF5_STRCOL_MAX_VALUE_LENGTH`.
8543	Return a shallow copy or a copy of the handled data as a dictionary
8544	Method to store data into the result. Accepts positional arguments and keyword arguments, storing them with specific naming conventions. Raises a TypeError if the outer data structure is not understood. Provides examples of usage and demonstrates how to retrieve stored data.
8545	Returns the values corresponding to the given keys or indices from a result object. If only one key/index is provided, a single value is returned. If multiple keys/indices are provided, a tuple of values is returned. If no arguments are provided, the first value from the result is returned if it exists. If the result is empty or contains more than one entry and no arguments are provided, an error is raised. If a requested key/index is not found, an error is raised.
8546	Sets a single data item of the result, raises TypeError if the type is not supported.
8547	Supports everything of parent class and sparse matrices including csr, csc, bsr, and dia.
8548	Extract a storage dictionary for the given data, serializing sparse matrices as needed.
8549	Loads data from `load_dict` and reconstructs sparse matrices if necessary.
8550	Adds a single data item to the pickle result, with a note that it is not checked if the item can be pickled, and logs a warning if the result is already stored and not explicitly overwritten.
8551	Return a dictionary containing pickle dumps
8552	Reconstructs all items from the pickle dumps in `load_dict` and sets the `v_protocol` property to the protocol of the first reconstructed item.
8553	Merges all trajectories in the working directory.
8554	Uploads a file to a specified target location using the given session.
8555	Downloads a file from a remote server to the local machine.
8556	Creates and returns a new SAGA session
8557	Submit job to merge all trajectories found in the working directory and print information about the job's state and exit code.
8558	Checks and starts multiple jobs, running `the_task.py` in batches, and waits for their completion.
8559	Performs multiplication on the `x` and `y` attributes of the `traj` object, storing the result in the `z` attribute with a comment describing the operation.
8560	Return an estimate of the firing rate of a model neuron based on a simulation.
8561	Sorts computed firing rates into a table based on neuron parameters.
8562	Add parameters to a trajectory object.
8563	Adds exploration of different values for `I` and `tau_ref` to a trajectory.
8564	Runs a network before the actual experiment.
8565	Runs a network by executing a series of steps for each subrun defined in the trajectory.
8566	Extracts subruns from the trajectory based on durations and order parameters, handling pre-runs and ensuring unique orders.
8567	Generic `execute_network_run` function, handles experimental runs as well as pre-runs.
8568	Adds parameters for a network simulation. Calls `add_parameters` for components, analysers, and the network runner in order.
8569	Initializes and runs a network simulation before individual runs, useful for parameter exploration.
8570	Top-level simulation function that performs an individual network run during parameter exploration. It checks if the network was pre-built and runs it accordingly, using the :class:`~pypet.brian2.network.NetworkRunner` to execute the network run.
8571	Starts a single run using a NetworkRunner.
8572	Generates a filename based on the explored parameters in a trajectory.
8573	Returns next element from chain.
8574	Merge all files in a given folder. It will find all files that end with the given extension, load their trajectories, merge them, and return the merged trajectory. If `delete_other_files` is `True`, all other files will be deleted except the first one.
8575	Handler for SIGINT signal. Raises KeyboardInterrupt if SIGINT is encountered twice in a row.
8576	Function to read from or write a configuration file. If a configuration dictionary is provided, it writes the configuration to the file; otherwise, it reads the configuration from the file. Returns True on success, False on failure, or an empty dictionary if the file does not exist.
8577	Requests a PIN from ECobee for authorization.
8578	Request API tokens from Ecobee.
8579	Method to refresh API tokens from ecobee using a POST request. If successful, it updates the access and refresh tokens and writes them to a file. Returns True if successful, otherwise calls request_pin().
8580	Set self.thermostats to a JSON list of thermostats from Ecobee. Handle potential errors and refresh tokens if necessary.
8581	Write API tokens to a file
8582	Set HVAC mode for a thermostat.
8583	Set the minimum time for a fan to run each hour for a specific thermostat.
8584	Set a temperature hold for a thermostat.
8585	Set a climate hold for a specified thermostat.
8586	Delete a vacation by name.
8587	Resume the currently scheduled program on a thermostat.
8588	Send a message to the thermostat
8589	Set humidity level for a thermostat.
8590	Generate a random delay time in seconds for the DISCOVER phase, ranging from 0 to MAX_DELAY_SELECTING, and log the delay and the scheduled time for the SELECTING state.
8591	Generate the retransmission timeout in seconds for DHCPDISCOVER messages, incorporating a randomization factor and doubling the delay for subsequent attempts up to a maximum of 64 seconds.
8592	Generate time in seconds to retransmit DHCPREQUEST based on lease time.
8593	Generate renewing time with random fuzzing to avoid synchronization
8594	Return the self object attributes not inherited as dict.
8595	Reset object attributes when state is INIT.
8596	Return timeout for the given function in the specified state.
8597	Workaround to modify timeout values in the ATMT.timeout class method.
8598	A discover request is sent.
8599	Select an offer from the received DHCPOFFERs and handle it using the client's handler.
8600	Send a DHCPREQUEST message.
8601	Set renewal and rebinding times.
8602	Process a received ACK packet.
8603	Process a received NAK packet and log the information if it is a NAK packet.
8604	Initialize the INIT state in DHCP client, handle state transitions, and set appropriate timeouts.
8605	Transition the lease to the bounded state, update the current state, and perform initialization and going actions based on the script availability. If no script is available, set the IP address.
8606	Handle the RENEWING state, initializing a script if available and setting a network otherwise.
8607	Handle the REBINDING state by setting the current state and either executing a script or initializing network settings.
8608	END state handler; logs debug info, updates state, and initializes or processes a script/client lease.
8609	Handle the ERROR state, initialize the script, execute it, and raise INIT.
8610	Timeout of selecting on SELECTING state.
8611	Timeout requesting in REQUESTING state. If the maximum number of attempts is reached, raises an error. Otherwise, raises the REQUESTING state.
8612	Handle timeout during DHCP requesting state
8613	Timeout of request rebinding on REBINDING state.
8614	Receive offer on SELECTING state.
8615	Receive and process an ACK packet in the REQUESTING state, then raise a BOUND exception if successful.
8616	Handle receiving a NAK in the REQUESTING state.
8617	Receive ACK in RENEWING state.
8618	Handle NAK in RENEWING state and raise INIT if received.
8619	Receive ACK in REBINDING state.
8620	Receive a NAK in the REBINDING state and raise an INIT exception if processed.
8621	Reinitializes lease timers without recording a new lease.
8622	Sets a value and removes it if it's None.
8623	Return a copy of the object with the specified value appended to the value parameter for the given name.
8624	Remove a value from a named parameter.
8625	Calls an XML-RPC method on a supervisord server using provided options including username, password, server address, and port. Returns the status information of all processes if successful, otherwise raises an exception or exits with an error code.
8626	Create Nagios and human readable supervisord statuses based on the given data and options.
8627	Program main.
8628	Validate a decoded SNS message by checking its signing certificate URL, ensuring it doesn't exceed the maximum allowed age, and verifying its cryptographic signature.
8629	Reads a TDMS file and returns the names and data of the channels.
8630	This function computes the deformation from circularity in a list of channel names and corresponding data.
8631	Creates an FCS file from a given TDMS file by reading the data, applying deformation, and writing the FCS file.
8632	Returns True if left and right are equal.
8633	Adds a new patch with the specified patchname to the queue and applies it as the topmost patch.
8634	Deletes the next unapplied patch, optionally removing the patch file and creating a backup copy.
8635	Delete a specified patch from the series and optionally remove or backup the patch file.
8636	Checks if a backup file of the specified filename in the current patch exists. If the file exists and `ignore` is `False`, it raises a `QuiltError`. Otherwise, it returns `True`.
8637	Creates a backup of a file
8638	Adds a file to the patch with a specified patch name (or the topmost patch if not provided). If the file is already in the patch and `ignore` is False, it raises a QuiltError. It handles symbolic links, backs up the file, ensures the user can write it, and then marks the file as added to the patch.
8639	Runs a command as a subprocess and waits for it to finish. If the command exits with a non-zero return code, it raises a SubprocessError.
8640	Creates the directory and all its parent directories if they do not exist yet.
8641	Copy files to a destination directory recursively. If symlinks is true, symbolic links are represented as symbolic links in the new tree; otherwise, linked files' contents and metadata are copied.
8642	Creates a hard link to the file.
8643	Copies a file to the specified destination. If the destination is a `File` object, it creates the directory if it doesn't exist and appends the file name. If the destination is a `Directory` object, it uses the directory path.
8644	Returns directory if file path contains one, else None.
8645	Backup file in dest_dir Directory. The return value is a File object pointing to the copied file in the destination directory or None if no file is copied.
8646	Refresh a specified patch or the top patch if no name is given, update the current patch with the refreshed version, and optionally edit the patch.
8647	Unapply patches up to patch_name. patch_name will end up as top patch.
8648	Unapply the top patch from the database.
8649	Unapply all patches
8650	Applies all patches up to a specified patch, skipping any already applied patches.
8651	Applies the next patch in a series file, handling patch selection, application, and database updates.
8652	Applies all patches in the series file
8653	Reads all patches from the series file
8654	Save current patches list in the series file.
8655	Add a patch to the patches list
8656	Inserts a list of patches at the front of the current patches list.
8657	Add a list of patches to the patch list, optionally specifying a position after which to add them.
8658	Remove a patch from the patches list.
8659	Return list of patches that occur after a given patch.
8660	Return a list of patches before the given patch from the patches list
8661	Return a list of patches before the provided patch from the patches list, including the provided patch.
8662	Replace the old patch with a new patch without modifying any comments.
8663	Creates directory and inserts a .version file
8664	Checks if the version number in the .version file matches the supported version.
8665	Adds the group and its arguments to a argparse.ArgumentParser instance.
8666	Adds the argument to an argparse.ArgumentParser instance using keyword and argument values retrieved from instance methods.
8667	Adds this SubParser to the subparsers created by argparse.ArgumentParser.add_subparsers method.
8668	Sets args and kwargs for creating a subparsers group in argparse.ArgumentParser.
8669	Adds subparsers to an argparse.ArgumentParser.
8670	Checks if a backup file of the filename in the current patch exists and raises a QuiltError if not.
8671	Checks if a backup file of the filename in the applied patches after patch exists
8672	Reverts not added changes of a specified filename using a patch. If no patch name is provided, the topmost patch is used. The changes are reverted by applying the patch in a temporary directory and comparing it with the original file. If the changes are not present in the patch, the file remains unchanged.
8673	Imports a patch into the patch queue, inserting it as the next unapplied patch. If a new name is provided, it creates the necessary directory structure and copies the patch to the new location.
8674	Imports several patches into the patch queue.
8675	Process each way and create a Way object with the way's ID and list of Point objects representing the way's nodes. If an InvalidLocationError is encountered for a node, log a debug message.
8676	Get a list of nodes not found in OSM data.
8677	Process each node and create a Node object if the node id is not in node_ids.
8678	Extract information of one route
8679	Create a meaningful route name based on relation tags and an optional short name. If the relation has 'from' and 'to' tags, use them to create the name. Otherwise, use 'name' or 'alt_name' tags, or default to "OSM Route No. {relation.id}". If a short name is provided and matches the beginning of the generated name, remove the short name from the beginning of the name.
8680	Construct an agency ID using the 'operator' tag from the relation's tags. If the 'operator' tag exists, it calculates a hash, converts it to hexadecimal, and then to an integer within the range of 0 to 99,999,999. If the 'operator' tag does not exist, it returns -1.
8681	Process the files to extract relations, collect necessary ids, extract nodes and ways, and handle missing data.
8682	Process each relation and update internal data structures if it meets certain conditions.
8683	Create `calendar`, `stop_times`, `trips` and `shapes`.
8684	Fills the fields that are necessary for passing transitfeed checks and yields the agencies with the necessary fields.
8685	Create station stop times for each trip by calculating arrival and departure times based on the given stops and first service time, with a specified waiting time between stops.
8686	Write the GTFS feed to a ZIP file using the specified filepath.
8687	Write GTFS text files in the given path.
8688	Extract agency information from a given relation and nodes.
8689	Extract stops in a relation based on their member information and roles.
8690	Extract shape of one route.
8691	Gets a list of supported U2F versions from the device.
8692	Sends an APDU to the device and waits for a response, then processes the response to check for errors and return the data.
8693	Initiates an interactive authentication process for a AuthenticateRequest using attached U2F devices, handling authentication prompts and errors until successful or all devices are exhausted.
8694	Registers a U2F device using the provided data and facet, verifying the version and generating necessary parameters for the registration process.
8695	Signs an authentication challenge.
8696	Interactively registers a single U2F device, handling registration attempts and errors.
8697	Recursively converts unicode objects to UTF-8 encoded byte strings.
8698	Wraps a function with error reporting to an error backend.
8699	Wraps a class with reporting to an errors backend by decorating each method of the class. Decorators are injected under the classmethod decorator if they exist.
8700	Checks if a given filepath matches any of the specified regex patterns.
8701	Given an email address, check if it should be sent to a different address using the email_remapping table. Handle overriding the email domain if specified or if the domain was missing.
8702	Return a particular entry from the prefix trees.
8703	Convert markdown text to reStructuredText format by converting parameters to italics, removing hyperlink descriptions, and disabling formatting for numbered lists.
8704	This method starts the server with two processes: an HTTP server for the admin interface and a Thrift server for client code. It initializes configuration, sets up logging, and forks the process to create the two server types.
8705	Summarize the given code into a brief description.
8706	Fetch an image from a URL and convert it into a Pillow Image object.
8707	Convert a string representation of an image into a Pillow Image object.
8708	Decorator to validate arguments with a provided validator function.
8709	Check that the image's size is greater than `size`. If not, raise an ImageSizeError with the current image size and the specified size.
8710	This method checks if the width of the provided image is greater than the specified width. If not, it raises an `ImageSizeError` with the image's actual width and the specified minimum width.
8711	Checks if the image height is greater than the specified `height` and raises an `ImageSizeError` if it is not.
8712	Converts the text category to a tasks.Category instance by retrieving the corresponding slug and loading the category instance from the database. If the slug is not found or the category does not exist, returns None.
8713	Parse numeric fields from an item.
8714	Iterator of the list of items in the XML source, using `iterparse` for efficiency, especially with large files. Each item is yielded and immediately cleared from memory.
8715	Saves an error in the error list.
8716	Parses all data from the source, saving model instances.
8717	Receives an item and returns a dictionary of field values.
8718	Get an item from the database or an empty one if not found.
8719	Saves a model instance to the database
8720	Downloads a HTTP resource from `url` and saves to `dest`, handling Gzip compressed content.
8721	Opens the source file and marks it as loaded.
8722	Return an iterator to read the rows of the CSV file, mapping column headers to row values.
8723	Raises ValueError if the instance is running and changes network access settings otherwise.
8724	Runs a command inside a sandbox, limiting its resources and capturing its output.
8725	Copies specified files into the working directory of a sandbox, sets ownership and permissions accordingly.
8726	Copies a file into the sandbox's working directory and renames it.
8727	Method for retrieving enrollments for a specific course using its ID.
8728	Return a list of all enrollments for the passed course sis id.
8729	Method for retrieving all enrollments for a given section ID.
8730	Return a list of all enrollments for the passed section sis id.
8731	Returns a list of enrollments for a user with the given regid, optionally including course details.
8732	Enroll a user into a course using the Canvas API.
8733	Method for listing roles in an account for a given Canvas account ID.
8734	Returns a list of roles for an account based on the provided account SIS ID
8735	Returns a list of course roles available to an account, including course roles inherited from parent accounts.
8736	Returns information about a single role for the given Canvas account ID.
8737	Gets information about a single role based on the account SIS ID.
8738	Returns the course resource for the given Canvas course ID.
8739	Returns back the course resource for a given SIS ID.
8740	Method for retrieving courses in a specific account using the Canvas API. It accepts an account ID and an optional parameters dictionary, which may include a "published" key. The method returns a list of `CanvasCourse` objects representing the courses associated with the account.
8741	Return a list of courses for the passed account SIS ID.
8742	Return a list of published courses for the specified account.
8743	Retrieves a list of published courses for a given account SIS ID.
8744	Method for retrieving courses associated with a given registration ID (regid).
8745	Creates a Canvas course with the given subaccount ID and course name.
8746	Updates the SIS ID for the course identified by the passed course ID.
8747	Returns participation data for a specific account and term.
8748	Returns grade data for the given account_id and term_id.
8749	Returns statistics for a given account ID and term ID.
8750	Returns participation data for the given sis_course_id.
8751	Returns assignment data for the given course_id.
8752	Returns per-student data for the given course ID.
8753	Returns student activity data for the given user_id and course_id.
8754	Retrieve student messaging data for a given SIS course ID and SIS user ID.
8755	Return external tools for the passed canvas account id.
8756	Get the external tools for a specified Canvas course ID from the API.
8757	Create an external tool using the passed json_data.
8758	Update the external tool identified by external_tool_id with the passed json data.
8759	Delete the external tool identified by external_tool_id.
8760	Check if the `obj` object has all the required parameters specified in `required_parameters`. If any parameter is missing or is `None`, raises a `DesignError`.
8761	Returns user profile data from the Canvas API.
8762	Returns a list of users for the given course id.
8763	Returns a list of users for the given sis course id.
8764	Create and return a new user and pseudonym for an account.
8765	Method for retrieving a user's logins by user ID.
8766	Update an existing login for a user in the given account.
8767	Return URL path to the next page of paginated data.
8768	Canvas GET method on a full URL, following pagination links and coalescing resources if indicated.
8769	Get representation of the requested paged resource, either the requested page, or chase pagination links to coalesce resources.
8770	Call Canvas GET method returning the resource at the given URL.
8771	Sunmmary:
Send a PUT request to a Canvas resource with the specified body and return the response data.
8772	Canvas POST method.
8773	Canvas DELETE method.
8774	Return a list of the admins in the account.
8775	Flag an existing user as an admin within the account by sending a POST request to the Canvas API.
8776	Flag an existing user as an admin within the account sis id.
8777	Remove an admin role from a user for a specific account.
8778	Remove an account admin role from a user for the account sis id.
8779	Returns a new grading standard for the passed course.
8780	Retrieves a section resource from Canvas using a given section ID and optional parameters.
8781	Return section resource for given sis id.
8782	Method for retrieving sections within a course using the Canvas API.
8783	Retrieves and returns a list of sections associated with a specified course using the course's SIS ID.
8784	Return a list of sections with students for the given course ID.
8785	Retrieves sections with students for a given course ID using sis ID.
8786	Create a canvas section in the given course id using the Canvas API.
8787	Updates a canvas section with the given section id.
8788	Method for listing quizzes for a given course.
8789	This interface is used to retrieve an account resource using a given canvas account ID.
8790	Method for retrieving sub-accounts within a specified account by ID.
8791	Updates the passed account and returns the updated account. Uses the Canvas API to perform the update.
8792	Updates the SIS ID for the account identified by the passed account ID. Raises an exception if the root account is targeted. Constructs the API URL and request body, then sends a PUT request to update the account. Returns the updated account data.
8793	Return the authentication settings for a specified account ID by making a request to the Canvas API.
8794	Update the authentication settings for the passed account_id.
8795	Method for searching specific term by its SIS ID.
8796	Imports a CSV string using the Canvas API.
8797	Imports a directory of CSV files for SIS import.
8798	Get the status of an SIS import using the Canvas API.
8799	Create a zip archive from files in the specified directory.
8800	Method for retrieving assignments for a specific course from the Canvas API.
8801	Modify an existing assignment.
8802	Method for retrieving the list of reports for a specific canvas account ID.
8803	Shows all reports of the passed report_type that have been run for the canvas account id.
8804	Generates a report instance for the canvas account id.
8805	Convenience method for create_report, for creating a course provisioning report.
8806	Convenience method for creating a course sis export report using the report creation method, with pre-defined parameters for courses.
8807	Convenience method for create_report, for creating an unused courses report.
8808	Returns a list of CSV strings from a completed report.
8809	Returns the status of a report based on the account_id, type, and report_id provided in the report object. Raises ReportFailureException if any of these attributes are missing. Constructs a URL using the ACCOUNTS_API endpoint and the provided report details, then retrieves the report status from the Canvas API.Updates the data dictionary with the account_id and returns a new Report object with the retrieved data.
8810	Deletes a generated report instance.
8811	Move detections in the label dictionary by the given y and x offsets.
8812	Horizontally flip detections according to an image flip.
8813	This function converts an object into a dictionary, handling special cases for `GenericRelatedObjectManager`, foreign keys, and many-to-many fields.
8814	Get the arguments given to the template tag and complete them with the ones from the settings.py if necessary.
8815	Get the text to display when the field is empty based on configuration settings.
8816	Given a template tag, parses uniformly the arguments and keyword arguments
8817	Create and register metrics from a list of MetricConfigs.
8818	Setup logging for the application and aiohttp with the specified log level.
8819	Configure the MetricRegistry, optionally registering process statistics.
8820	Create Prometheus metrics from a list of MetricConfigs.
8821	Retrieve a metric by name, optionally with labels.
8822	Home page request handler that generates an HTML response.
8823	Handle and respond to metrics requests.
8824	Query resolver for Wolfram|Alpha
8825	Fix the deprecated method signature and add forward compatibility for `HTTPMessage` in Python 2.
8826	Query Wolfram|Alpha using the v2.0 API.
8827	Returns a chain of pods, assumptions, and warnings associated with this result.
8828	The pods holding the response to a simple, discrete query.
8829	HTTPRequest object's content data is encoded and added to the request body, with the Content-type header set to 'application/json'. The method can be overridden by subclasses for JSON encoding.
8830	Make an API call using the provided method, URL, headers, parameters, data, files, and timeout.
8831	Send a GET request to the specified URL with optional query parameters.
8832	Call an API with a DELETE request.
8833	Make an HTTP PUT request to the specified URL.
8834	Call the API with a POST request.
8835	Process query recursively, if the text is too long, it is split and processed bit by bit. Convert each processed query to a POST request and return the response.
8836	Split sentences into groups based on a specified group length.
8837	Call the disambiguation service to process a PDF file.
8838	Calls the disambiguation service to disambiguate a search query.
8839	Call the segmentation service to split text into sentences and return the results along with the response code.
8840	Recognise the language of the text in input and return a dict containing the recognised language and the confidence score.
8841	Fetch the concept from the Knowledge base using the provided concept ID and language, returning the concept information and response code.
8842	Constructs the MDR ensemble from the provided training data and constructs the feature map from the ensemble predictions
8843	Estimates the accuracy of predictions from the MDR ensemble
8844	Constructs the MDR feature map from the provided training data.
8845	Convenience function that fits the provided data then constructs predictions from the provided features.
8846	Method for estimating the accuracy of predictions from constructed features
8847	Constructs the Continuous MDR feature map from the provided training data.
8848	Constructs a new binary feature using the Continuous MDR feature map from the provided feature matrix. The new feature will be a binary variable, taking the values 0 and 1.
8849	Estimates the quality of the ContinuousMDR model using a t-statistic. The features and targets are used to group trait values and compute the absolute t-statistic as the quality score.
8850	Fits a MDR model to variables X and Y with the given labels, then returns the resulting predictions
8851	Fits a MDR model to all n-way combinations of the features in X. Note that this function performs an exhaustive search through all feature combinations and can be computationally expensive.
8852	Visualizes the MDR grid of a given fitted MDR instance, which is currently incomplete and only supports 2-way MDR models.
8853	Conveniently get the security configuration for the specified application without the annoying 'SECURITY_' prefix.
8854	Retrieves a configuration value from the Flask-Security extension.
8855	Convenience method for creating a new vector from an iterable with optional metadata.
8856	Creates a new vector from members.
8857	Evaluates the specified file and returns the last Form object.
8858	Evaluates the forms in stdin into a Python module AST node.
8859	Evaluates the forms in a string into a Python module AST node.
8860	Bootstrap the REPL with useful variables and return the bootstrapped module for REPL command usage.
8861	Run a Basilisp script or a line of code if provided.
8862	Create a decorator function to convert Python functions into multi-functions.
8863	Swap the methods atom to include method with key.
8864	Add a new method to this function that will respond to a specific key returned from the dispatch.
8865	Return the method associated with the given dispatch key or None if no method is defined for the key and no default method exists.
8866	Remove a method from the map.
8867	Remove the method associated with the given key and return it.
8868	Check if a variable holds a macro function.
8869	Fetch the location of the form in the original filename from the input form, if it has metadata.
8870	Attaches any available location information from the input form to the node environment returned from the parsing function.
8871	Assert that `recur` forms do not appear in any position of this or child AST nodes.
8872	Assert that 'recur' forms only appear in the tail position of this or child AST nodes.
8873	Resolve a non-namespaced symbol into a Python name or a local Basilisp Var.
8874	Resolve a Basilisp symbol as a Var or Python name.
8875	Parse a Lisp form into a Basilisp syntax tree.
8876	If True, warn when a defined variable name is shadowed in an inner scope. The value of warn_on_shadowed_name supersedes this flag.
8877	Adds a new symbol to the symbol table. Allows individual warnings to be disabled for one run by supplying keyword arguments. Warns if a local name is shadowed by another or a named var is shadowed by a local name, based on compiler options and keyword arguments.
8878	Lisp representation of an associative collection, bookended with start and end strings, generated from key-value pairs produced by a callable.
8879	Laraer  reknt sirent yarf """

"}'
8880	Return a string representation of a Lisp object with various formatting options.
8881	Handle fallback representation for subclasses of standard types.
8882	Return a transformed copy of this node with location in this node's environment updated to match the `start_loc` if given, or using its existing location otherwise. All child nodes will be recursively transformed and replaced. Child nodes will use their parent node location if they do not have one.
8883	Compile and execute a given form. This function is useful for the REPL and testing purposes. Returns the result of the executed expression. Allows callers to override the wrapped function name, used by the REPL to evaluate and print expression results.
8884	Incrementally compile a stream of AST nodes in module mod using the given optimizer. The source_filename is passed to Python's native compile. Incremental compilation is an integral part of generating a Python module during the same process as macro-expansion.
8885	Compile an entire Basilisp module into Python bytecode which can be executed as a Python module.
8886	Bootstrap a module and compile a collection of bytecodes into it.
8887	Create a Sequence from Iterable s.
8888	Replaces characters in a string with valid replacements for Python symbols, handles keywords and built-in names.
8889	Replaces munged string components with their original representation.
8890	Create a Fraction from a numerator and denominator.
8891	Get the default logging handler for Basilisp with the specified level and format.
8892	Create a new map from key-value pairs with optional metadata.
8893	Partition collection into groups of size n.
8894	Returns a decorator that wraps a reader function to supply line and column information along with relevant forms.
8895	Read a namespaced token from the input stream. Handle namespace separation by "/" and accumulate the namespace and name parts separately. Raise SyntaxError for invalid syntax and disallowed characters like '/'. Return the namespace and name as strings.
8896	Read a collection from the input stream and create the collection using a given function.
8897	Read a list element from the input stream using the provided context.
8898	A function named `_read_vector` that reads a vector element from an input stream within a given context. It advances the reader to the start of the vector, asserts that it is indeed a vector, and then reads the vector using `_read_coll` function.
8899	Decorator to define properties that map to the grammar dict. This dict is the canonical representation of the Vega grammar within Vincent.
8900	Parse a map from the input stream.
8901	Return a string from the input stream, allowing for arbitrary escape sequences if specified.
8902	Reads a symbol from the input stream, optionally resolving it using a resolver in the ReaderContext `ctx`. If the symbol's namespace is invalid or if the symbol is "nil", "true", or "false", it returns the corresponding value. If the symbol is in a syntax quoted form and the resolver is enabled, it resolves the symbol and returns the result. Otherwise, it returns the symbol.
8903	Return a keyword from the input stream.
8904	Read metadata and apply it to the next object in the input stream.
8905	Read a function reader macro from the input stream, handling anonymous functions and replacing symbols accordingly.
8906	```Python
Reads a quoted form from the input stream.
```
8907	Expands syntax quoted forms to handle unquoting and unquote-splicing, converting them into the appropriate list structures.
8908	Post-process syntax quoted forms to generate runtime-usable forms.
8909	Read a syntax-quote and set the syntax-quoting state in the reader.
8910	Read an unquoted form and handle any special logic of unquoting.
8911	Read a derefed form from the input stream.
8912	Read a character literal from the input stream. Handle escape sequences and Unicode characters.
8913	Read a regex reader macro from the input stream.
8914	Return a data structure evaluated as a reader **macro** from the input stream.
8915	Read the next full form from the input stream, consuming any reader comments completely.
8916	Read the next full form from the input stream.
8917	Reads the contents of a stream as a Lisp expression. Uses an optional namespace resolver and data readers for custom value resolution. Handles EOF gracefully and can raise an EOFError if specified. Yields expressions read from the stream.
8918	Read the contents of a string as a Lisp expression.
8919	Read the contents of a file as a Lisp expression.
8920	Update the internal line and column buffers based on the added character. Increment column for non-newline characters, reset column to 0 and increment line for newline characters.
8921	Push one character back onto the stream, allowing it to be read again.
8922	Advance the stream forward by one character and return the next token in the stream.
8923	Returns the bytes for a Basilisp bytecode cache file by creating a bytearray with a magic number and extending it with the modification time, source size, and marshaled code.
8924	unmarshals the bytes from a Basilisp bytecode cache file, validating the file header prior to returning
8925	Method returns the path to the cached file, replacing the file extension with ".lpyc".
8926	Hook into Python's import machinery with a custom Basilisp code importer. Once this is called, Basilisp code may be called from within Python code using standard `import module.submodule` syntax.
8927	Is fullname the name of a Basilisp module?
8928	Summary: Load and execute a cached Basilisp module.
8929	Load and execute a non-cached Basilisp module.
8930	Given a Basilisp module, compile it into Python code by evaluating a single top-level form at a time and inserting the resulting AST nodes into the Python module.
8931	Create a new Symbol.
8932	Return an iterable of possible completions for the given text. If the text contains a "/", the function splits the text into a prefix and suffix and returns keywords that match the prefix and start with the suffix. If the text does not contain a "/", the function returns keywords that start with the text or have a namespace that starts with the text.
8933	Return the interned keyword instance from the input string or create a new one if it does not exist.
8934	Create a new keyword object using the provided name and namespace, utilizing a cache for efficient access.
8935	A function that chains a sequence of generated Python ASTs into a tuple of dependency nodes.
8936	Generate recursive Python Attribute AST nodes for resolving nested names.
8937	Wrap simpler AST generators to return a GeneratedPyAST.
8938	A helper function to convert a collection of Lisp forms into Python AST nodes by chaining the results of mapping each form to its corresponding Python AST node.
8939	Hydrate Generated Python AST nodes with line numbers and column offsets if they exist in the node environment.
8940	Wrap a generator function in a decorator to supply line and column information to the returned Python AST node.
8941	Wrap a generator function in a decorator to supply line and column information to the returned Python AST node and dependency nodes.
8942	Check if the Var contains a value that should be compiled to a dynamic Var access.
8943	Return True if the Var can be redefined.
8944	Transform non-statements into ast.Expr nodes so they can stand alone as statements.
8945	Create a function AST node with the given name and return the result of the final expression in the input AST nodes.
8946	Return True if the compiler should emit a warning about this name being redefined.
8947	A function that converts a Do expression into a Python AST node, generates a temporary variable to hold the result, assigns the body's AST to it, and returns the temporary variable's AST node.
8948	Generate a safe Python function name from a function name symbol, using a default prefix if no symbol is provided.
8949	(Returns a tuple containing a list of Python AST nodes for function method parameters, an optional variable argument, and a list of AST nodes for the function body.)
8950	A function that converts a single-arity Lisp function to a Python AST node for use in a code generation context. It handles function definitions, arguments, body, and metadata, and returns the generated Python AST.
8951	Converts a function with multiple arities into a Python AST node. It processes each method to create individual function definitions based on their arities and constructs a dispatch function to handle calls to the appropriate arity. The resulting AST includes all the generated function definitions and the dispatch function.
8952	Return a Python AST Node for a `fn` expression based on the number of methods it contains. If there is only one method, it uses a single-arity function conversion; otherwise, it uses a multi-arity function conversion.
8953	Generate custom `if` nodes to handle `recur` bodies. Recur nodes can appear in the then and else expressions of `if` forms. Recur nodes generate Python `continue` statements, which we would otherwise attempt to insert directly into an expression. Python will complain if it finds a statement in an expression AST slot, so we special case the recur handling here.
8954	This function generates an intermediate if statement for Basilisp code generation, converting it to Python AST. It specifically handles comparisons for nil and false values, as Basilisp considers non-nil and non-false values as true. The if and else bodies are swapped to allow for short-circuit evaluation, improving performance.
8955	Return a Python AST Node for a Basilisp function invocation.
8956	Return a Python AST Node for a `quote` expression.
8957	Return a Python AST node for `recur` occurring inside a `loop`.
8958	Return a Python AST Node for a `recur` expression, special casing it in certain AST locations.
8959	Convert a `set!` expression to a Python AST Node.
8960	Convert a `throw` expression to a Python AST Node
8961	Return a Python AST Node for a `try` expression.
8962	Generate a Python AST node for accessing a locally defined Python variable.
8963	Generate Var.find calls for the named symbol.
8964	Generate a Python AST node for accessing a Var. If the Var is marked as :dynamic or :redef or the compiler option USE_VAR_INDIRECTION is active, do not compile to a direct access. If the corresponding function name is not defined in a Python module, no direct variable access is possible and Var.find indirection must be used.
8965	Generate a Python AST node for Python interop property access.
8966	Converts a MaybeClass node to a Python AST node for accessing a potential Python module variable name. The `id` of the `ast.Name` node is determined by either retrieving the alias from `_MODULE_ALIASES` or using the node's class directly. The `ast.Load()` context is used to indicate that the name is being loaded.
8967	A function that converts a specific type of node into a Python AST node, accessing a potential module variable name with a namespace.
8968	Generate Python AST nodes for constant Lisp forms.
8969	Turn a quoted collection literal of Lisp forms into Python AST nodes. This function can only handle constant values.
8970	Take a Lisp AST node as an argument and produce zero or more Python AST nodes. This is the primary entrypoint for generating AST nodes from Lisp syntax. It may be called recursively to compile child forms.
8971	Generate the Python Import AST node for importing all required language support modules.
8972	A function that generates the Python `From ... Import` AST node for importing language support modules. It imports the `Var` module from `basilisp.lang.runtime` with an alias `_VAR_ALIAS`.
8973	Assigns a Python variable named `ns_var` to the value of the current namespace by calling `_FIND_VAR_FN_NAME` with a new symbol created from `lisp_ns_var` and `lisp_ns_ns`.
8974	Returns a new set created from the given iterable `members` with optional metadata `meta`.
8975	Creates a new set from the given members with an optional metadata.
8976	Eliminate dead code from except handler bodies by visiting the node and copying the location with filtered body.
8977	Eliminates no-op constant expressions which are in the tree as standalone statements.
8978	Eliminates dead code from function bodies by visiting a FunctionDef node and returning a new FunctionDef node with filtered body.
8979	A function that eliminates dead code from the body of a while loop in an AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) and returns the modified AST.
8980	A function that eliminates dead code from the bodies of except clauses in a try node. It visits each node in the AST, filters out the dead code in the body, except, and final body, and returns a new try node with the filtered code.
8981	Create a new empty Basilisp Python module and return it.
8982	Return the first element from a sequence or coerce the input to a sequence and return its first element. If the input is `None`, return `None`.
8983	Return elements after the first in o. If o is None, returns an empty seq. Otherwise, coerces o to a seq and returns the rest.
8984	Returns the nth rest sequence of coll, or coll if i is 0.
8985	Returns the nth next sequence of a collection.
8986	Creates a new sequence with the first element as o and the rest as seq. If seq is None, returns a new list with o. If seq is not a ISeq, attempts to coerce it to a ISeq and then cons o onto the resulting sequence.
8987	Convert the argument o to a ISeq. If o is None, return None. If o is already a ISeq, return it. If o is a ISeqable, return its sequence. Otherwise, convert it to a sequence and return.
8988	Concatenates the sequences given by seqs into a single ISeq.
8989	Associate keys to values in associative data structure `m`. If `m` is `None`, returns a new `Map` with key-values `kvs`.
8990	Conjoin elements to a collection, returning the same type as the collection. If the collection is None, return a list with the elements conjoined.
8991	Return a function which is the partial application of f with args.
8992	Dereference an object and return its contents, handling IBlockingDeref with optional timeout.
8993	Compare two objects by value, ensuring that boolean and None comparisons are handled strictly.
8994	Division reducer. If both arguments are integers, returns a Fraction. Otherwise, returns the true division of x and y.
8995	Returns a sorted sequence of the elements in coll. If a comparator function f is provided, compare elements in coll using f.
8996	Return true if coll contains the key k.
8997	Return the value of k in m. If k is not found in m, return default. Handle exceptions like KeyError, IndexError, and TypeError by returning default and logging the error.
8998	Recursively convert Python collections into Lisp collections.
8999	Recursively converts Lisp collections into Python collections.
9000	Returns a string representation of an object, optionally making it human-readable according to various print parameters.
9001	Collect Python starred arguments into a Basilisp list.
9002	Trampoline a function repeatedly until it is finished recurring to help avoid stack growth.
9003	Decorator to set attributes on a function. Returns the original function after setting the attributes named by the keyword arguments.
9004	Return a new function with the given meta. If the function f already has a meta map, then merge the
9005	Create a Basilisp function, setting meta and supplying a with_meta method implementation.
9006	Resolve the aliased symbol in the current namespace.
9007	Resolve the aliased symbol to a Var from the specified namespace or the current namespace if none is specified.
9008	Add generated Python code to a dynamic variable in which_ns.
9009	Bootstrap the environment with functions for advanced operations in a Lisp-like environment
9010	Interns the value bound to the symbol `name` in namespace `ns`.
9011	Creates a new unbound `Var` instance in the specified namespace with the given name and metadata.
9012	Returns the value currently bound to the name `name_sym` in the namespace specified by `ns_sym`.
9013	Return the value currently bound to the name in the namespace specified by `ns_qualified_sym`.
9014	Return the Var currently bound to the name in the namespace specified by `ns_qualified_sym`. If no Var is bound to that name, raise an exception. This is a utility method for debugging purposes.
9015	Add a gated default import to the default imports.
9016	Add a Symbol alias for the given Namespace.
9017	Intern the Var given in this namespace mapped by the given Symbol. If the Symbol already maps to a Var, this method will not overwrite the existing Var mapping unless the force keyword argument is given and is True.
9018	Swap function used by intern to atomically intern a new variable in the symbol mapping for this Namespace.
9019	Find Var mapped by given Symbol input or None if no Vars are mapped.
9020	Add a Symbol as an imported Symbol in this Namespace, and apply aliases if provided.
9021	Return the module if a module named by sym has been imported into this Namespace, None otherwise. First try to resolve a module directly with the given name. If no module can be resolved, attempt to resolve the module using import aliases.
9022	An wrapper of yaml.safe_load yaml.load yaml.safe_dump and yaml.dump.
9023	Get the Var referred by Symbol or None if it does not exist.
9024	Combines `refers` with `_public_` interns from another namespace
9025	Refer all the Vars in the other namespace.
9026	Swap the new namespace map into the global cache atomically.
9027	Get the namespace bound to the symbol `name` in the global namespace cache, creating it if it does not exist. Return the namespace.
9028	Return the namespace bound to the symbol `name` in the global namespace cache if it exists or None otherwise.
9029	Remove the namespace associated with the given symbol from the global namespace cache and return it if it exists; otherwise, return None.
9030	Return a function which matches any symbol keys from map entries against the given text.
9031	Returns an iterable of possible completions matching the given prefix from the list of aliased namespaces. If name_in_ns is given, further attempt to refine the list to matching names in that namespace.
9032	Generates a list of possible completions matching a given prefix from the list of imports and aliased imports, optionally refining the list to matching names in a specified module namespace.
9033	Return an iterable of possible completions matching the given prefix from the list of interned Vars. The completions can include or exclude private variables based on the `include_private_vars` parameter.
9034	Return an iterable of possible completions matching the given prefix from the list of referred Vars.
9035	Function that returns an iterable of completion suggestions for a given text in a namespace, considering different prefixes and suffixes.
9036	Return the arguments for a trampolined function, unrolling the final argument if it is a sequence.
9037	A function that creates a new list by wrapping an iterable and optionally adding metadata.
9038	Create a new list from the given members.
9039	Format the key value as a multi-line string maintaining the line breaks
9040	This function decrypts a JWE token and decodes the resulting JWT token to return the payload, considering an optional leeway for clock skew.
9041	Encrypts the supplied JSON and returns a JWE token using the specified key store and key purpose.
9042	Remove the key from the request cache and memcache.
9043	Deconstruct the ``Constraint`` instance to a tuple. Returns a tuple containing the selector, comparison, and argument.
9044	Close the stream.
9045	Parse a FIQL formatted string into an ``Expression`` object.
9046	Custom JSON dump using a custom encoder for the given model.
9047	Handles decoding of nested date strings.
9048	Try to decode strings that look like dates into datetime objects.
9049	Override of the default decode method that also uses decode_date.
9050	Override default JSONEncoder method for NDB support
9051	Validate version before release to ensure it contains only integers in its components.
9052	### Generate changelog
Changes the current working directory to the project directory, validates the version, and if successful, generates a changelog for the specified version using the `ChangelogGenerator` class.
9053	Find the strongly connected components in a graph using Tarjan's algorithm.
9054	Identify strongly connected components then perform a topological sort of those components.
9055	Set parent ``Expression`` for the object, ensuring it is of type ``Expression``. Raises an exception if the parent is not of the correct type.
9056	Get the parent ``Expression`` for this object. Returns the containing ``Expression`` or raises a ``FiqlObjectException`` if the parent is ``None``.
9057	Adding an ``Operator`` to the ``Expression`` with precedence handling.
9058	Adds an element of type `Operator`, `Constraint`, or `Expression` to the `Expression`. Returns the modified `Expression` object or raises a `FiqlObjectException` if the element is not a valid type.
9059	Update the ``Expression`` by joining the specified additional ``elements`` using an "AND" ``Operator``
9060	Updates an ``Expression`` by joining additional elements using an "OR" ``Operator``.
9061	Decorate passed in function and log message to module logger.
9062	Parse received response into a list of OrderedDicts.
9063	Convert a list of tuples to an OrderedDict with string keys and values.
9064	Check if specific message is present
9065	Prepares a message to be sent by prepending a prefix and converting the commands to bytes, then logs the message before returning it.
9066	Flushes incoming socket messages.
9067	Enable a given scan field with optional arguments for slide, well coordinates, and field dimensions.
9068	Save scanning template to filename.
9069	Load scanning template from filename. Template needs to exist in database, otherwise it will not load.
9070	Get information about a given keyword, defaulting to 'stage'.
9071	Include a Python source file in a docstring formatted in reStructuredText.
9072	Find and return the location of package.json.
9073	Extract the JSPM configuration from package.json.
9074	Handle YOURLS API errors.
9075	Method to handle validation of responses from a YOURLS server. It checks the HTTP response and the JSON data returned to ensure the API call was successful. If the response indicates a failure, it raises appropriate exceptions based on the error code. If the response is successful, it logs the response and returns the JSON data.
9076	Generate combined independent variable vector from two waveforms along with their interpolated dependent variable vectors.
9077	Creates a new dependent variable vector by interpolating given an independent vector and interpolation parameters.
9078	Return a new independent variable vector that contains unique values within the overlapping range of two input vectors.
9079	Verify that two waveforms can be combined using various mathematical functions.
9080	Loads the existing SystemJS manifest, removes entries for non-existent files, and returns the updated manifest.
9081	u Define trace parameters.
9082	### Output:
Run module tracing and generate exceptions documentation.
9083	Shorten URL with optional keyword and title.
9084	This interface is used to expand short URLs or keywords into their corresponding long URLs.
9085	Get stats for a short URL or keyword.

Parameters:
    short: Short URL or keyword.

Returns:
    ShortenedURL: Shortened URL and associated data.

Raises:
    ~yourls.exceptions.YOURLSHTTPError: HTTP error with response from YOURLS API.
    requests.exceptions.HTTPError: Generic HTTP error.
9086	Get stats about links based on filter criteria.
9087	Get database statistics and return the total clicks and links.
9088	Echo terminal output. Print STDOUT resulting from a given Bash shell command formatted in reStructuredText.
9089	Print STDOUT resulting from a Bash shell command formatted in reStructuredText.
9090	Small log helper
9091	alternative to property decorators. caches the value when it's generated. It caches it as instance._name_of_the_property.
9092	Break an iterable into chunks and yield those chunks as lists until there's nothing left to yield.
9093	```plaintext
Wrapper function that takes a function as an argument and chunks an iterable into smaller iterators. Each chunk is then passed to the original function, and the results are yielded one by one.
```
9094	Recursively flatten nested objects.
9095	Register a signal handler for `SIGINT` that optionally prints a given message and then exits the program gracefully.
9096	stupidly print an iterable of iterables in TSV format
9097	Make a placeholder object with the given name and attributes.
9098	attempt to parse a size in bytes from a human-readable string
9099	Command line interface for YOURLS with authentication parameters.
9100	Trace exceptions in the eng wave module.
9101	Defines Sphinx requirements links by reading a JSON file, sorting keys, formatting lines, and outputting them with text wrapping.
9102	Generate Python interpreter version entries for 2.x or 3.x series.
9103	Generate Python interpreter version entries.
9104	Translate requirement specification to words.
9105	Chunk input noise data into valid Touchstone file rows.
9106	Chunks input data into valid Touchstone file rows based on frequency vector and data matrix, formatting the data according to the specified format (MA, RI, or DB).
9107	Write a `Touchstone`_ file with parameter data, noise data if applicable, and options for formatting.
9108	Add independent variable vector bounds if they are not in vector.
9109	Build a mathematical operation string from independent and dependent units, handling different cases for compositions.
9110	Output:
Perform a generic operation on a waveform object and return the modified object with updated dependencies and values.
9111	Calculate the running area under the curve using rectangle and triangle areas.
9112	Validate `indep_min` and `indep_max` are within waveform's independent variable vector and set default values if `None`.
9113	Return the arc cosine of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9114	Return the hyperbolic arc cosine of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9115	Return the arc sine of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9116	Return the hyperbolic arc tangent of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9117	Return the running average of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9118	Return a waveform's dependent variable vector expressed in decibels.
9119	Return the numerical derivative of a waveform's dependent variable vector using the backwards differences method. The function takes a waveform object and optional parameters for the independent vector start and stop points. It calculates the derivative and updates the waveform object accordingly.
9120	Returns the imaginary part of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9121	Return the magnitude of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9122	Return the phase of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9123	Return the real part of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9124	Return the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform, with the dependent variable vector expressed in decibels.
9125	An wrapper function for computing the imaginary part of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9126	Return the magnitude of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9127	Return the phase of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9128	Return the real part of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9129	Return the running integral of a waveform's dependent variable vector using the trapezoidal rule. Adjusts the computation based on optional independent vector bounds.
9130	Return the group delay of a waveform.
9131	Return the natural logarithm of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9132	Returns the numerical average of a waveform's dependent variable vector, considering optional boundaries for the computation.
9133	Compute the numerical integral of a waveform's dependent variable vector using the trapezoidal method.
9134	Compute the maximum value of a waveform's dependent variable vector within a specified range of the independent variable.
9135	Return the minimum value of a waveform's dependent variable vector within a specified range of the independent variable vector.
9136	Return the phase of a waveform's dependent variable vector, with optional unwrapping and unit conversion.
9137	Return a copy of the waveform with its dependent variable vector rounded to a specified number of decimal places.
9138	Return the square root of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9139	Return a subset of a waveform, potentially resampled, based on the provided parameters.
9140	Converts the dependent variable vector of a waveform to complex.
9141	Return a copy of the waveform with its dependent variable vector converted to float.
9142	Convert a waveform's dependent variable vector to integer.
9143	Return the dependent variable value at a given independent variable point using linear interpolation if the point is not in the vector.
9144	Returns None.
9145	Get first sentence of first paragraph of long description.
9146	Returns a mathematical expression built from a hierarchical list of tokens.
9147	Return position of next matching closing delimiter
9148	Parse function calls.
9149	Find and pair delimiters in an expression.
9150	Parse mathematical expression using PyParsing.
9151	Remove consecutive delimiters from the expression.
9152	Split a string into a tuple of words based on a separator and a specified count of the separator.
9153	Engineering notation conversion with 'to_scientific_tuple' and lambda function
9154	Converts a number to a string without scientific notation.
9155	Converts a number to engineering notation with a specified fraction length and optional right-justification.
9156	Convert a number represented in engineering notation to its floating-point equivalent.
9157	Get the fractional part of a number represented in engineering notation.
9158	Return the mantissa of a number represented in engineering notation.
9159	Return engineering suffix and its floating point equivalent of a number.
9160	This function returns an engineering suffix based on a starting suffix and an offset. It raises an exception if the offset or suffix is not valid.
9161	Remove unnecessary delimiters in mathematical expressions. Check and validate the input expression and delimiters, and recursively remove consecutive and mismatched delimiters.
9162	Convert number or number string to a number string in scientific notation.
9163	Return mantissa and exponent of a number in scientific notation.
9164	Seeks and removes the sourcemap comment from a file, returning the comment if found. Reads the file in reverse blocks to efficiently find the comment, which is typically located near the end of large files.
9165	Check whether a file type needs '.js' extension using the Setting "SYSTEMJS_DEFAULT_JS_EXTENSIONS".
9166	Bundles the app and returns the static URL to the bundle.
9167	Trace the dependencies for an application. Cache the results for efficiency.
9168	Compares the app deptree file hashes with the hashes stored in the cache.
9169	Returns a hexdump formatted string from a bytes object
9170	Parse a docstring into ParameterInfo and ReturnInfo objects.
9171	Get a list of all valid identifiers for the current context. Returns a list of all of the valid identifiers for this context.
9172	Lazily load a callable by performing a lazy import of a context to reduce initial startup time.
9173	Split a line into arguments using shlex and a dequoting routine.
9174	Check if the current context requires initialization commands and run them to initialize the context before proceeding with other commands.
9175	Returns help information for a context or function.
9176	Utility function to locate a function by name within a specified context, initially searching builtins and then the provided context.
9177	Returns a listing of all functions in the provided context, including builtins.
9178	Check if an argument is a flag.
9179	Processes command line arguments into positional and keyword arguments based on the function's type information, handling boolean flags and embedded values, and returns the processed arguments and unused arguments.
9180	Try to find the value for a keyword argument.
9181	Invoke a function given a list of arguments with the function listed first. Funname. Context. Func. If this is a context derived from a module or package, just jump to it. If the function wants arguments directly, do not parse them, otherwise turn them into positional and kw arguments. We need to check for not enough args for classes before calling or the call won't make it all the way to \__init\__. Update our current context if this function destroyed it or returned a new one. Return val, line, finished.
9182	Invoke a single function or functions given a list of arguments.
9183	Parse and invoke a string line.
9184	Parses a single typed parameter statement, extracting the parameter name, type, and optional description. Raises a ValidationError if the parameter declaration is invalid or the type string is not properly enclosed in parentheses.
9185	Parse a single return statement declaration and extract the return type, formatter, and description.
9186	This method attempts to find the canonical name of a section based on a given name. If the name matches one of the predefined keywords, it returns the corresponding section constant; otherwise, it returns `None`.
9187	Classifies a line into a specific type of object based on its content.
9188	Joins adjacent lines together into paragraphs using either a blank line or indent as separator.
9189	Wrap, format, and print the docstring with specified width and options to include or exclude parameters and return information.
9190	Converts a value to a specified type using the corresponding conversion function. Handles byte array values and passes additional keyword arguments to the conversion process. Raises a `ValidationError` if the conversion fails.
9191	convert binary data to type 'type'
9192	This function retrieves the size of a given type by converting a hex string to the type. If the size is not known, it returns 0.
9193	Convert value to the specified type and format it as a string. Uses default formatter or specified formatter based on the type.
9194	Raises an exception if the type object does not have the required methods: `convert`, `convert_binary`, or `default_formatter`.
9195	Function to check if a type is known to the type system. Returns True if the type is a known instantiated simple type, False otherwise.
9196	Given a potentially complex type, split it into its base type and specializers.
9197	Instantiate a complex type by ensuring the base type is known and all subtypes are valid.
9198	Returns the type object corresponding to a type name. If the type name is not found, this method will load external types until a matching type is found or no more external type sources.
9199	Function to check if a given format is known for a specific type. Returns a boolean indicating the validity of the format for the specified type.
9200	Adds a type to the type system for use with the iotile tool and annotated API functions.
9201	Given a module containing a list of some types, the function finds all symbols in the module that do not start with underscores and attempts to import them as types.
9202	Check if we have enough arguments to call this function.
9203	Adds type information for a parameter by name, ensuring it's not annotated multiple times and exists among the declared parameters.
9204	Add type information to the return value of this function.
9205	Use a custom function to print the return value.
9206	Try to convert a prefix into a parameter name by matching it with available options. Raises an ArgumentError if the result is ambiguous or no match is found.
9207	Get the parameter type information by name.
9208	Return our function signature as a string. By default this function uses the annotated name of the function.
9209	Format the return value of a function as a string
9210	Converts and validates a positional argument based on its index and value. Adjusts the index for bound methods and uses the argument name for conversion and validation. Returns the converted value.
9211	Check if there are any missing or duplicate arguments.
9212	Converts and validates an argument based on its type and defined validators.
9213	Formats the exception as a string, optionally excluding the exception class name.
9214	Convert an exception to a dictionary containing its reason, type, and parameters.
9215	Check and execute function after converting and validating arguments.
9216	Parse a list of validator names or n-tuples, handling strings and tuples to return a list of validator function names and parameters.
9217	Find all annotated function inside of a container.
9218	Given a module, create a context from all of the top-level annotated symbols in that module and update the context with the module's documentation if available.
9219	Returns the usage information about a context or function, including the context name, function signature, argument types, and a docstring.
9220	Decorate a function to include type information about its parameters, allowing for runtime type conversions and validation.
9221	Specify how the return value of this function should be handled.
9222	Specify that this function returns a typed value.
9223	Declare that a class defines a context, allowing it to be discovered and used with `HierarchicalShell`.
9224	Annotate a function using information from its docstring. The annotation happens at the time the function is first called to improve startup time.
9225	Mark a function as callable from the command line and initialize metadata about its arguments.
9226	Given an object with a docstring, return the first line of the docstring.
9227	Load ``cron`` modules for applications listed in ``INSTALLED_APPS`` and load django tasks.
9228	Register tasks with cron.
9229	Print the tasks that would be installed in the crontab, for debugging purposes.
9230	Uninstall tasks from cron.
9231	Create a project handler derived class instance based on the URI schema.
9232	Load the projects config data from local path
9233	Saves the projects' configurations to a local path in YAML format.
9234	Creates a property with the given name, but the cls will be created only with the first call
9235	Fetches the dependencies of the project, optionally including their dependencies
9236	For use as a decorator, `post_process` calls the same-named function in the project handler. It then adds the result of the original function to `**kwargs` and calls the corresponding function in the project handler with these updated `**kwargs`.
9237	Project initialization that returns the list of failed language initializations.
9238	Takes an object, a key, and a value, and produces a new object with the new value for the specified key. If the object does not have a `_lens_setitem` method, it creates a copy of the object using `copy.copy` and sets the item in this copy. If the object does have a `_lens_setitem` method, it calls this method instead. The default implementation is designed to have a similar signature as Python's built-in `setitem` but returns a new object instead of mutating the original object in place. The returned object is a copy of the original with the updated item.
9239	Takes an object, a string, and a value, produces a new object with the specified attribute set to the given value, and returns the new object. If the object has a _lens_setattr method, it is called with the name and value arguments. Otherwise, a copy of the object is made using copy.copy, the specified attribute is set to the given value using builtin_setattr, and the new object is returned.
9240	Convenience method for reversing the serialization of object to an iterable and updating the object with the data from the iterable.
9241	Sets the focus to `newvalue` using the lens's setter method.
9242	Set many values on an optic for each value in an iterable
9243	Apply a function to the focus.
9244	Closure that collects up to `n` arguments and returns them as a tuple.
9245	Raises `NotImplementedError` when the method is not overridden by subclasses.
9246	Runs a lens over the `state`, applying function `f` to all foci, and collects results using applicative functor functions from `lenses.typeclass`. Requires `f` to return an applicative functor and `pure` to return the pure form of the functor when no focus exists.
9247	Returns the focus within `state`. If multiple items are focused, it attempts to join them together as a monoid. Raises TypeError if the optic has no way to get any foci and ValueError when there is none.
9248	Converts an optic into a list of foci within a given state
9249	Applies a function `fn` to all the foci within `state`. Requires kind Setter.
9250	Sets all the foci within a state to a specified value using an optic that supports setting operations. Raises a TypeError if the optic does not support setting.
9251	Iterates over an iterable to update foci within a state, requiring the optic to be an instance of Setter.
9252	Flatten a nested list by one level.
9253	Reads user input, updates game state accordingly, and outputs the new state until the game ends.
9254	returns the vector moved one step in the direction of the other, potentially diagonally.
9255	Takes a single character string as input and alters the game state according to that input, mostly by moving the player. Returns a new game state and a boolean indicating whether the input had an effect.
9256	Advances robots towards the player, handles crashes, and removes crashed robots.
9257	Returns a completed game state object, setting an optional message to display after the game is over.
9258	Shows the board to the player on the console and asks them to make a move.
9259	Plays a game of naughts and crosses against the computer
9260	Return a board with a cell filled in by the current player. If the cell is already occupied then return the board unchanged.
9261	Determines the winner of a Tic-Tac-Toe board if one exists. Returns `Outcome.win_for_crosses` if 'XXX' forms a win, `Outcome.win_for_naughts` if 'OOO' forms a win, `Outcome.draw` if the board is full and there is no winner, and `Outcome.ongoing` if the game is still in progress.
9262	Generates all the combinations of board positions that need to be checked for a win.
9263	Add item to items and then upload to S3 if size of items >= max_chunk_size.
9264	Store timestamp for replacing `{time}` in S3PIPELINE_URL.
9265	Upload items to S3.
9266	Build a file object from items using `ItemExporter` and optionally gzip compression.
9267	Returns the account state information associated with a specific address.
9268	Returns the asset information associated with a specific asset ID.
9269	Returns the block information associated with a specific hash value or block index
9270	This method returns the hash value of a block given its index.
9271	Returns the system fees associated with a specific block index.
9272	Returns the contract information associated with a specific script hash.
9273	Returns detailed information associated with a specific transaction hash.
9274	Returns the value stored in the storage of a contract script hash for a given key.
9275	Returns the transaction output information corresponding to a hash and index.
9276	Invoke a contract with given parameters and returns the result.
9277	Invoke a smart contract's function and return the result
9278	Invoke a script on the VM and return the result
9279	Broadcasts a transaction over the NEO network and returns the result.
9280	Validates if the provided string is a valid NEO address.
9281	This interface is used to call a JSON-RPC endpoint with the specified method and parameters.
9282	Check if the given string is a valid SHA256 hash.
9283	Check if a string is a valid RIPEMD160 hash
9284	Encode invocation parameters for JSON-RPC endpoints
9285	Tries to decode the values embedded in an invocation result dictionary by recursively decoding the 'stack' key.
9286	Decorator to emulate keyword-only arguments in Python 2, working with both Python 2 and Python 3. Converts default arguments into keyword-only arguments, allowing them to be specified only as keyword arguments.
9287	Handle timezone-aware datetime transformations based on a given instruction.
9288	Ensure correct timezone after truncating datetime, especially when crossing daylight saving time.
9289	Renders the barcode and saves it in `filename`.
9290	Renders the barcode using `self.writer`.
9291	Calculates the checksum for an EAN13-Code by summing the values at even and odd indices, multiplying the odd sum by 3, and then taking the modulo 10 of the total sum to get the checksum.
9292	Renders a barcode using the registered callbacks, handling initialization, module painting, and text rendering based on the provided code and configuration.
9293	Initialize and configure a key-value store client for session management.
9294	Run a simple command line tool to manage environment variables and facilitate editing and uploading of files stored in a S3-like system.
9295	Download a file or folder from the S3-like service.
9296	Upload a file or folder to an S3-like service. If `LOCAL_PATH` is a folder, it copies the entire structure to `REMOTE_PATH`. If `LOCAL_PATH` is a file, it creates a file with the same contents at `REMOTE_PATH`.
9297	Creates a folder named after the section inside the local config folder and downloads the environment file defined by the S3CONF variable for this section to this folder.
9298	For each section defined in the local config file, look up for a folder inside the local config folder named after the section. Uploads the environment file named as in the S3CONF variable for this section to the remote S3CONF path.
9299	Splits an environment variable text into a tuple containing the key and value, and removes leading/trailing spaces. If the value is enclosed in quotes, it decodes and escapes the value accordingly.
9300	Add basic authentication to the requests of the clients.
9301	Authenticate via an api key.
9302	Yields objects from JSON files in the specified folder and its subfolders.
9303	Return a dict of schema names mapping to a Schema.
9304	Return the schema from a JSON file located in the schema folder with the name of the current object appended with ".json".
9305	Return a jsonschema.RefResolver for the schemas. All schemas returned by get_schemas() are resolved locally.
9306	Validate an object against the schema. Raises a ValidationException if the object does not match the schema.
9307	Return a list of valid examples for the given schema.
9308	Return a list of examples which violate the schema.
9309	Method builds authorization URL for User Agent, checking for client_id and constructing URL with necessary parameters.
9310	Process tokens and errors from redirect_uri, extracting the authorization code and handling any errors.
9311	Refresh or acquire access_token.
9312	Retrieve user ID from OneDrive.
9313	Get OneDrive object representing list of objects in a specified folder.
9314	Create a folder with a specified name, under a specified parent folder, and with optional additional metadata.
9315	Add a comment message to a specified object.
9316	Convert or dump object to unicode.
9317	Recursively create and set the drop target for an object and its children.
9318	"Event handler for drag&drop functionality that initializes a data object with both text and bitmap data, creates a composite data object, sets it up as a drop source, begins the drag operation, and handles the result."
9319	Sets the default top level window for the toolbox menu default action.
9320	Open the inspector window for a given object.
9321	Open a shell.
9322	Convert font description from PythonCard to gui2py style
9323	Loads HTML page from location and then displays it
9324	Convenience function for accessing tag parameters. If the parameter exists, return the parameter value. If the parameter does not exist and no default is specified, raise a KeyError. If a default value is specified and the parameter does not exist, return the default value.
9325	Process an outgoing communication.
9326	Show a welcome message with tips for using the GUI2Py designer.
9327	Called when a mouse button is pressed.
9328	Move the selected object or draw a rubber-band rectangle overlay
9329	Handle mouse events for resizing a selected object in a GUI application, adjusting its position and size based on mouse movement and handle state.
9330	Support the movement of components one pixel at a time using cursor keys and allow snapping to a grid if the Shift key is pressed. Also, handle deletion and insertion of components.
9331	delete all of the selected objects
9332	create a copy of each selected object
9333	Capture the new control's image after an update, change its z-order, and refresh the display.
9334	Set window position to the absolute lower-right corner when dealing with a Top-Level window.
9335	Returns the pyth item data associated with the item
9336	Set the python item data associated with the wx item
9337	Find a wxPython item that matches the given data, searching backwards from the specified start position. If wxPython version is less than 3.0.0 or uses the classic theme, use FindItemData; otherwise, use FindItem. Returns the matching data item or None.
9338	Remove item from list and unset related data
9339	Remove all items from the list and unset related data
9340	Remove all items and column headings.
9341	Sets the item at a specified index as the selected item in the control.
9342	Returns the label of the selected item or an empty list if none in multi-select mode.
9343	"Associates the given client data with the item at position 'n' and creates a reverse association."
9344	Adds an item to the control, associating the given data if provided, and updates an internal dictionary for reverse association.
9345	Construct a string representing the object with specified parameters and formatting.
9346	Returns an object already created, searching by name or using the provided parent.
9347	Creates a new object similar to the current one, with optional modifications, and recursively duplicates all its children under the new parent.
9348	Given a child control, add it to the window's sizer with specified flags, border, and grid position/size if applicable.
9349	Re-parents a child control with the new wx_obj parent. If not called from the constructor, it also reparents in wx.
9350	make several copies of the background bitmap
9351	Draw the image as background
9352	Custom draws the label with anti-aliased drawing and semi-transparent colours when the background is transparent.
9353	Search for every file in the directory tree and return a dict
9354	Given a grid, return a sorted list of its column headers in the order they were inserted.
9355	"Update the grid's rows and columns based on the number of rows and columns added or deleted. Adjust scrollbars, refresh the grid, and update column attributes."
9356	Update all displayed values.
9357	Update the column attributes in a grid to add the appropriate renderer based on the column properties.
9358	Given an index, sort the data in the table based on the values in the specified column.
9359	Remove all rows and reset internal structures
9360	Creates a combo box control within the specified parent window, sets its initial text and position, assigns an event handler for the combo box, and pushes a different event handler.
9361	Fetch value from table and prepare edit control
9362	Complete the editing of the current cell. Returns True if changed
9363	Return True to allow the given key to start editing, if it is not a control key, alt key, or shift key.
9364	DatEditor tries to match the first key pressed to a text string in `self._tc` and either updates the text or skips the keypress.
9365	A metaclass generator that registers its class as the class handling input type=typeName
9366	Given a value, enable or disable all menu items.
9367	Check if all menu items are enabled
9368	Enable or disable all top menus
9369	Check if all top menus are enabled
9370	Remove a menu from the list of menus.
9371	Process form submission and handle event.
9372	Add a tag attribute to the wx window
9373	Modifies the first column of the table to replace spaces with non-breaking spaces.
9374	```text
Helper for retrieving an appropriate autodoc.Documenter class for documenting a given Python object and its parent.
```
9375	Reformat a function signature to a more compact form, stripping strings and parsing arguments and options.
9376	Import a Python object given its full name.
9377	Expands a role to ':obj:`text`' if the text refers to an importable object; otherwise, it expands to '*text*'.
9378	Show a simple pop-up modal dialog
9379	Modal dialog asking for input, returns string or None if cancelled
9380	Show a dialog to select a font
9381	Show a dialog to pick a color
9382	Show a dialog to choose a directory and return the selected path.
9383	Shows a find text dialog and returns the search results.
9384	"Force the appearance of a button next to a tree item to allow flexible expansion of items with children added dynamically."
9385	Set icon based on resource values
9386	Display or hide the window, optionally disabling all other windows
9387	Open, read, and evaluate the resource from the source file
9388	Save the resource to the source file
9389	Create a GUI2py window based on Python resources.
9390	Create a gui2py control based on the python resource
9391	Associate event handlers for a component based on a controller's methods.
9392	translate gui2py attribute name from pythoncard legacy code
9393	Attempts to write content (either a string or a bitmap) to the clipboard. Handles exceptions gracefully without interrupting the program.
9394	List of items documented in the given object's docstring
9395	Adds an object and all its children to a tree structure, with an option to perform a full reload using the current root if no object is provided.
9396	Select object and show its properties
9397	Load and display the selected item in the property editor.
9398	Update the tree item when the object name changes
9399	Open a popup menu with options related to the selected object, including Delete, Duplicate, Bring to Front, Send to Back, and the ability to add a child object.
9400	Serialize an image to a URL pointing at a scaled and cached version. Handles cases where the image is not provided or an error occurs during the serialization process.
9401	Returns a decorator function for adding an expression filter.
9402	Decorator to add a node filter.
9403	Asserts that the current page has the given path.
9404	Asserts that the page doesn't have the given path.
9405	Checks if the page matches the given path. Returns `True` if it matches, `False` otherwise.
9406	Checks if the page doesn't have the given path.
9407	Select the node if it is an option element inside a select tag. Warn if the option is disabled.
9408	Filters the given expression by the given value. Returns the filtered expression.
9409	Returns an instance of the given browser with the given capabilities.
9410	Return the XPath query for this selector.
9411	Determines whether a given node meets all specified filters.
9412	Switch to the given frame.
9413	Executes the wrapped code and accepts an alert, optionally matching the text and waiting for the modal if specified. Raises ModalNotFound if the modal is not found.
9414	Executes the wrapped code and accepts a confirmation dialog, waiting for it to appear if necessary. Raises an exception if the modal is not found.
9415	Executes the wrapped code, dismissing a confirm modal. Optionally waits for the modal to appear and matches text against the modal's text. Raises ModalNotFound if the modal is not found.
9416	Execute the wrapped code, optionally responding to a modal prompt.
9417	Execute the wrapped code, dismissing a prompt.
9418	Save a snapshot of the page to the specified path or a randomly generated filename in :data:`capybara.save_path`. Returns the path to which the file was saved.
9419	Save a screenshot of the page and specify an optional path for saving.
9420	Raise any errors encountered by the server, and then reset the server's error state.
9421	Returns whether the given node matches the filter rule with the given value.
9422	Checks if the page or current node has a radio button or checkbox with the given label, value, or id, that is currently checked.
9423	Checks if the page or current node has no radio button or checkbox with the given label, value, or id that is currently checked. Returns whether it doesn't exist.
9424	Checks if the page or current node has an unchecked radio button or checkbox with the specified label, value, or id.
9425	Checks if a page or node has no unchecked radio button or checkbox with a specified label, value, or id.
9426	Asserts that theHTML
9427	Asserts that the page or current node doesn't have the given text content, ignoring any HTML tags.
9428	Verifies that the page is titled as expected.
9429	Asserts that the page doesn't have the given title.
9430	Check if the page has the given title.
9431	Checks if the page does not have the specified title.
9432	Retrieve elements on a page that match a given selector and options.
9433	Find the first element matching the given selector and options, or None if no element matches.
9434	Returns the inner content of a given XML node, including tags.
9435	Returns the inner text of a given XML node, excluding tags.
9436	Return the given URL with all query keys properly escaped.
9437	Define a write-only property that, in addition to the given setter function, also provides a setter decorator defined as the property's getter function. This allows one to set the property in three different ways: traditional assignment, as a method argument, or through decoration.
9438	Decorator to handle the synchronization of functions in Capybara, retrying them until they succeed or a timeout occurs.
9439	Returns whether to catch the given error based on the specified caught error types.
9440	Compare the number of results to the query options and return -1, 0, or 1 accordingly.
9441	Attempts to fill the result cache with at least the given number of results. Returns True if the cache contains at least the given size, otherwise False.
9442	Returns whether the given query options expect a possible count of zero.
9443	Constructs a failure message for a query based on the provided description and options, including count, between, maximum, or minimum values.
9444	Determines whether a given count matches specified query options, including count, maximum, minimum, and between values.
9445	Normalizes the given value to a string of text with extra whitespace removed. Byte sequences are decoded, and ``None`` is converted to an empty string.
9446	Return the given text with outer whitespace removed and inner whitespace collapsed.
9447	Returns a compiled regular expression for the given text.
9448	Returns whether the query resolves for the given session by comparing the actual path with the expected path.
9449	Resizes the window to the given dimensions.
9450	Booting a server for the app if it isn't already booted.
9451	Descriptor to change the class-wide getter on a property.
9452	Descriptor to change instance method.
9453	Change class method.
9454	Returns a formatted traceback string for logging if the `log_traceback` flag is set.
9455	Return object representation block based on logging configuration.
9456	Returns the logger for the given instance, using self.logger, instance.logger, or instance.log if they exist and are instances of logging.Logger, otherwise returns _LOGGER.
9457	Logger instance to use as override.
9458	low-level method to call the Slack API.
9459	This method returns a list of channels for the Slack team.
9460	This function retrieves and returns a list of users for the Slack team, caching the result for subsequent calls.
9461	Create a message with the given text and channel. Return packed bytes.
9462	Translate machine identifiers (user and channel IDs) into human-readable format
9463	Send message to Slack
9464	Get available messages and send through to the protocol
9465	Slack API interface. Initialize SlackAPI, establish RTM connection, and start client.
9466	Pass in raw arguments, use them to instantiate the Slack API, and begin the client.
9467	Return a dictionary of keys that differ between two configuration objects.
9468	Adds necessary codes to format a string with a specified color.
9469	Run when a task starts. Log the task name.
9470	Run when a task finishes correctly and print the result.
9471	Display info about playbook statistics.
9472	Run when a task is skipped. Print task and reason for skipping.
9473	Convert a CIDR formatted prefix into an address netmask representation, using a specified separator between the address and netmask parts.
9474	Decorator to check if a value passed to a Jinja filter evaluates to false and returns an empty string; otherwise, it calls the original Jinja filter.
9475	Add a model, which will be assigned to a class attribute with the YANG name of the model. If not set, verify the model is in SUPPORTED_MODELS.
9476	Returns a dictionary with the values of the model, optionally filtering out unset values.
9477	This method loads a dictionary into the model, optionally overwriting existing data, and automatically loading models as needed.
9478	Convert the object's values to a dictionary with specified filtering.
9479	Calls Parser on each element to parse the configuration.
9480	Parses native state and loads it into the corresponding models. Only models that have been added to the root object are parsed. Accepts a device to load the configuration from or native output to parse.
9481	Returns a string that represents the translated configuration based on the merge and replace options.
9482	Loads and returns all filters.
9483	Find the specified file for the given test case by constructing an absolute path based on the module's directory and checking if the file exists. If the file is not found, log an error and raise an IOError.
9484	Given a model, returns a dictionary representation of the model, based on the specified mode and whether to show defaults. This is useful for quickly visualizing the model.
9485	Given two models, return a dictionary highlighting the differences between them.
9486	Function to send a POST request to a specified URL and return the response as a `requests.Response` object. It validates that the URL starts with 'https://'.
9487	Construct and return a URL for obtaining an authorization code from the provider's authorization URI, incorporating necessary parameters.
9488	Retrieve an access token using an authorization code.
9489	Return query parameters as a dict from the specified URL.
9490	Return a URL with the query component removed.
9491	Constructs a URL by combining a base URL with additional query parameters, updating and re-encoding the query string as necessary.
9492	Handle an internal exception that was caught and suppressed. Log the exception using the logger.
9493	Create a response object from the given parameters.
9494	Return a HTTP 302 redirect response object containing the error.
9495	Returns a response object from the given JSON data.
9496	Generate HTTP response for authorization code. Validate response type, redirect URI, client ID, access, and scope. Save authorization code and return redirection response.
9497	```plaintext
Generate an access token HTTP response from a refresh token.

:param grant_type: Desired grant type. Must be "refresh_token".
:param client_id: Client ID.
:param client_secret: Client secret.
:param refresh_token: Refresh token.
:rtype: requests.Response
```
9498	Generate access token HTTP response.
9499	For the given code, the summary is as follows:

Get authorization code response from a URI. This method will ignore the domain and path of the request, instead automatically parsing the query string parameters. It checks for the presence of 'response_type', 'client_id', and 'redirect_uri' parameters in the URI. If any of these parameters are missing, it raises a `TypeError` and handles the exception by redirecting to the specified 'redirect_uri' with an appropriate error. If any other `StandardError` occurs, it also handles the exception by redirecting to the specified 'redirect_uri' with a 'server_error'.
9500	Get a token response from POST data.
9501	Get authorization object representing status of authentication.
9502	Opens the smbus interface on the specified bus.
9503	Read a single byte from the specified device.
9504	Reads multiple bytes from a specified device
9505	Reads a single byte from the specified command register of the device.
9506	Write many bytes to the specified device. The buffer is a bytearray
9507	Write a byte of data to the specified cmd register of the device.
9508	Write a buffer of data to the specified cmd register of the device
9509	Method returns the CDN URL for a file, optionally applying default effects specified in the `default_effects` attribute.
9510	Create a file copy on Uploadcare or Custom Storage. The `copy` method is deprecated and will be removed in version 4.0.0. Use `create_local_copy` or `create_remote_copy` instead.
9511	Creates a Local File Copy on Uploadcare Storage.
9512	Creates a file copy in remote storage with optional effects, public access settings, and custom naming patterns.
9513	Constructs a ``File`` instance from file information.
9514	Uploads a file and returns a ``File`` instance.
9515	Uploads file from a given URL and returns a `FileFromUrl` instance.
9516	Uploads file from given URL and returns `File` instance.
9517	Returns CDN urls of all files from group without API requesting
9518	Constructs a `FileGroup` instance from group information.
9519	Creates a `FileGroup` instance from an iterable of `File` objects.
9520	Base method for storage operations.
9521	Extract `uuid` from each item of specified `seq`.
9522	```
Build and display a list of items using specified parameters.
```
9523	Draws a progress bar to stdout while iterating over "iter_content".
9524	Method to make an uploading API request and return the response as a dictionary. It handles different HTTP status codes and raises appropriate exceptions for errors. It also includes handling for JSON content and other specific status codes like 400 and 404.
9525	This interface is used to get the status of Home Mode.
9526	Return a list of cameras.
9527	Return a list of cameras matching camera_ids.
9528	Return bytes of camera image.
9529	This interface is used to disable a camera based on the specified camera ID.
9530	Return motion settings matching the given camera ID.
9531	This interface is used to update motion settings for a specific camera using keyword arguments.
9532	Updates cameras and motion settings with the latest data from the API.
9533	Given a list ``li`` and its metadata ``meta_data``, this function determines if ``li`` is the last list item in the list. It checks if the next element in the list is a list item with a different ``numId`` than the current one. If such an element is found, then ``li`` is not the last list item. If the function runs out of elements in the list or encounters an element that is not a list item, it returns ``True``, indicating that ``li`` is the last list item in the list.
9534	Find consecutive `li` tags that have content with the same list ID.
9535	Get the indentation level of an li tag
9536	A function to retrieve the vMerge XML element from a table cell, indicating whether it is the start of a rowspan or a continuation.
9537	Get the colspan of a table cell in a Word document. If a colspan is not explicitly specified, return 1.
9538	When calculating the rowspan for a given cell, this function returns the table cell 'below' the initial cell with a v_merge, taking into account colspans, at the passed-in index.
9539	True if the 'val' attribute under the 'w' namespace of the style is not equal to 'false'.
9540	Determines if the r tag is considered bold by checking if the bold style is false.
9541	Check if the r tag passed is considered italicized
9542	Check if the r tag is considered underlined
9543	Checks if a given paragraph tag (`p`) is a title tag. Returns `True` if the `p` tag has a style attribute with the value `Title`, otherwise returns `False`.
9544	Returns elements from an r tag that are either t tags, drawing tags, pict tags, or br tags, in the order they are found.
9545	Return a dictionary based on the relationship id and the target.
9546	Extract and return document, numbering, and relationship data from a ZipFile, along with metadata.
9547	Return the list type based on the given `numId` and `ilvl`. If either is not found in the numbering dictionary, return the default list numbering style.
9548	Build the list structure based on a list of elements and metadata
9549	Builds a single `<tr>` element with populated `<td>`s, handling lists and tables within cells.
9550	Internal method to build a table object with all rows and cells correctly populated.
9551	Generate the string content for a t tag, escaping the text and applying any necessary formatting based on the parent element's modifiers.
9552	Remove all tags that have the tag name `tag` from the tree.
9553	Find the location of a dataset on disk, downloading if needed.
9554	Return the MNIST digits dataset.
9555	```u
Load the CIFAR-10 image dataset.
```
9556	Plot an array of images.
9557	Visualize a series of weight layers as pixel arrays.
9558	Create a plot of convolutional filters, visualized as pixel arrays.
9559	Generate callable to generate samples from a dataset.
9560	Encode a text string by replacing each character with its corresponding alphabet index.
9561	A callable that returns a batch of training data.
9562	Draws a sequential sample of class labels from a network using a list of integer class labels to start the sequence. Generates the specified number of time steps and supports parallel streams and random number generation.
9563	Adds convolutional weight parameters to a layer, initializing them with specified mean, standard deviation, and sparsity.
9564	Encode a dataset using the hidden layer activations of our network.
9565	Decode an encoded dataset by computing the output layer activation.
9566	Finds and returns the output name for a given layer specifier, handling various input types and self.layer information.
9567	Compute R^2 coefficient of determination for a given input
9568	Compute a greedy classification for the given set of data.
9569	Compute class posterior probabilities for the given set of data.
9570	Compute the logit values that underlie the softmax output from given input examples.
9571	Compute the mean accuracy on a set of labeled data, considering optional weights.
9572	Extract a single batch of data to pass to the model being trained.
9573	Returns a callable that generates batches of sequences from netCDF data.
9574	Load a saved network from a pickle file on disk.
9575	Create a matrix of randomly-initialized weights with optional parameters for mean, standard deviation, sparsity, spectral radius, and diagonal.
9576	Create a vector of randomly-initialized values with specified size, mean, and standard deviation.
9577	A function that filters output expressions from a neural network based on a set of glob-style patterns. It yields pairs of name and expression for the outputs that match any of the patterns.
9578	Get the parameters from a network that match a pattern.
9579	Construct common regularizers from a set of keyword arguments.
9580	A list of Theano variables used in this loss.
9581	Builds a Theano expression for computing the accuracy of graph output by comparing the predicted values with the target data.
9582	This method `_scan` in Theano is used to define a basic loop or iteration over sequences. It takes inputs and outputs, specifying how to handle outputs that are not used as inputs, and allows for custom steps and constants within the loop. The method returns the results of the scan and any updates needed.
9583	Construct an activation function by name or from an instance.
9584	Select a random sample of n items from xs, with replacement and normalization. If the pool still has fewer than n items, pad with distorted random duplicates from the source data.
9585	Clears the current loss functions from the network and adds a new one.
9586	Train a network using one batch at a time and iterate through the data.
9587	Train the network until the trainer converges.
9588	Generate a hash for representing a computation graph for a given network topology, set of losses, and set of regularizers.
9589	Builds a computation graph for the network layers, applying the given regularizers and storing the result for future use.
9590	Returns a list of Theano variables for feedforward computations.
9591	Returns a list of Theano variables for loss computations, ensuring each variable is unique by name.
9592	Get a parameter from a layer in the network.
9593	Computes the forward pass of all layers in a neural network for the given input. All keyword arguments are passed to `build_graph`. Returns a list of activation values for each layer, where the last element is the network's output.
9594	Compute a forward pass of the inputs, returning the network output.
9595	Compute R^2 coefficient of determination for a given labeled input.
9596	Save the state of this network to a pickle file on disk. If the filename ends in ".gz", the output will automatically be gzipped.
9597	Load a saved network from disk.
9598	Return a variable representing the regularized loss for this network, including both network loss and regularizers' loss.
9599	**Return a list of named parameter update expressions for this network during training.**
9600	Return the number of "neurons" in this layer's default output.
9601	Create Theano variables representing the outputs of this layer.
9602	Bind this layer into a computation graph. This method is a wrapper for performing common initialization tasks, including resolving inputs, outputs, setting up the activation function, and initializing the parameters. It calls `resolve`, `setup`, and `log` methods.
9603	Resolves the names of inputs for a layer into shape tuples
9604	Resolve the names of outputs for this layer into shape tuples. Validate input shapes to ensure compatibility. Determine output shape based on provided 'size' or 'shape' parameters, raising an error if neither is specified.
9605	Log information about this layer including its class name, name, output shape, inputs, and learnable parameters.
9606	Logs information about the parameters of a layer, including their names and shapes. Returns the total number of parameters.
9607	Helper method to format our name into a string
9608	Find the layer output with the given name in a list of layers. Raises an error if the layer is not found or if there are multiple matches. Returns the fully-scoped name and shape of the output.
9609	Get a shared variable for a parameter by name.
9610	Create a new bias vector with a specified name, size, mean, and standard deviation.
9611	Create a specification dictionary for the layer, including configuration details such as form, name, and activation.
9612	The LogGabor function returns the envelope of a LogGabor filter, considering spatial frequency, orientation, and preprocessing.
9613	Returns the image of a LogGabor
9614	Adds a new tier (`IntervalTier` or `TextTier`) at a specified index in the tiers list. If no index is provided, the tier is added at the end. Raises `ValueError` if the provided index is out of bounds or if an invalid tier type is specified.
9615	Remove a tier by name or number, removing only the first matching tier in case of multiple. Raises an IndexError if no matching tier is found.
9616	Get a tier by its name or number.
9617	Converts the object to an pympi.Elan.Eaf object, allowing for the option to skip empty annotations and specify the length of intervals in seconds.
9618	Add a point to the TextTier with optional overlap checking.
9619	Add an interval to the IntervalTier. Raise exceptions for overlapping intervals, incorrect time types, and begin time greater than end time.
9620	Takes an interval time as input and removes it from the list of intervals if it exists. If the tier is not an IntervalTier, it raises a TierTypeException.
9621	Remove a point at the specified time if it exists.
9622	Generator that yields all intervals or points, optionally sorted.
9623	Returns the true list of intervals including the empty intervals.
9624	Function to pretty print the xml, meaning adding tabs and newlines.
9625	Add an annotation with validation
9626	Add an entry to a controlled vocabulary.
9627	Add a description to a controlled vocabulary in specified language.
9628	Add an external reference with a name, type, and value, and ensure the type is valid. Raises KeyError if the type is not allowed.
9629	Add a language with an ID, definition, and label.
9630	Add lexicon reference with parameters lrid, name, lrtype, url, lexicon_id, lexicon_name, datcat_id, and datcat_name.
9631	Add a linguistic type with optional constraints and flags
9632	Add a linked file with specified details such as file path, relative path, mimetype, time origin, and extracted from field. Raises an exception if mimetype guessing fails for non-standard or unknown file extensions.
9633	Add a locale with its language code, country code, and variant.
9634	Add a secondary linked file with optional parameters for mimetype and time origin.
9635	Add a tier to the element. If no linguistic type is supplied, then the first one will be used. The function also checks whether the input locale and language exist and will ignore them if not. If the tier_dictionary is provided, then it will be used instead of the other parameters.
9636	Clean up all unused timeslots. This function removes timeslots that are not currently used. Note that this process can take time for larger datasets. For efficient batch operations, consider disabling cleaning flags in related functions and performing cleanup afterwards.
9637	Extracts the selected time frame as a new object. Removes annotations that fall outside the specified start and end times.
9638	Return the next annotation ID, used internally to ensure uniqueness.
9639	Generate the next timeslot id, internal use only. Raises error if time is negative.
9640	Return all child tiers for a given tier.
9641	Give the full time interval of the file. Note that the real interval can be longer because the sound file attached can be longer.
9642	Given the input code, here is the summary:

Returns the annotation after a specified time from a given tier. If an annotation overlaps with the specified time, that annotation is returned. If no such annotation exists, an empty list is returned. If the tier is non-existent, a `KeyError` is raised.
9643	Query the database and return the reference annotation before a given time, including annotations that overlap with the time.
9644	Return a list of all tiers matching a linguistic type
9645	Merges tiers into a new tier, gluing annotations together if the gap is below the threshold.
9646	Removes all annotations from a specified tier and cleans associated time slots if required.
9647	Removes a controlled vocabulary description based on the provided language reference.
9648	Remove all licenses matching both key and value
9649	Removes all linked files matching specified criteria. Criteria that are ``None`` are ignored.
9650	Remove all properties matching both key and value.
9651	Remove a reference annotation based on the given id_tier and time. Returns the number of removed annotations.
9652	Removes all secondary linked files that match all the specified criteria, ignoring criteria that are `None`.
9653	Remove a tier and optionally clean the timeslots. Raises KeyError if the tier does not exist.
9654	Remove multiple tiers efficiently by delaying the cleaning of timeslots. Raises KeyError if a non-existent tier is provided.
9655	Rename a tier, including its child tiers, and update their references.
9656	Shift annotations in time with options to squash or discard those that are out of bounds.
9657	Defines how to create the console script for a text processing algorithm
9658	Display debug information for the storage.
9659	Get the paragraph base embedding level. Returns 0 for LTR and 1 for RTL.
9660	Get the paragraph base embedding level and direction, set the storage to the array of chars
9661	Applies X1 to X9 rules of the unicode algorithm for bidirectional text handling.
9662	Split the storage to runs of char types at the same level.
9663	Resolve weak type rules W1 - W7.
9664	Resolves neutral types based on Unicode standards N1 and N2.
9665	Reverses contiguous sequences of characters that are at or above a specified level on each line.
9666	Reorders resolved levels based on L1 and L2 rules, adjusting the embedding levels of characters in the storage.
9667	Injects the current working Maya file into the provided context, normalizing the file path to ensureconsistent formatting across different operating systems.
9668	Convert lines of a PySide2 .ui file to use Qt.py
9669	Append to self, accessible via Qt\.QtCompat
9670	Process the command-line arguments for the Qt.py tool, handling options for converting and compiling UI files, and managing output redirection.
9671	Add deprecated members from previous versions to the binding for backwards compatibility. These members are slated for removal in the next major release.
9672	Try showing the most desirable GUI
9673	Return the most recently registered GUI from the currently registered GUIs.
9674	Deregisters supported hosts (mayabatch, mayapy, maya).
9675	Adds Pyblish to the file-menu in Maya. Uses Maya's `evalDeferred` function to ensure the menu is built before adding the entry.
9676	Maintains selection during a context by saving the previous selection, then restoring it afterward.
9677	Maintain current time during context
9678	Popup with information about how to register a new GUI.
9679	Replace any Type references in self.types with the real class using their name.
9680	Get the data as it will be charted. The first set will be the actual first data set. The second will be the sum of the first and the second, etc.
9681	Return all the values for a single axis of the data.
9682	Draw a constant line on the y-axis with the label.
9683	Cache the parameters necessary to transform x & y coordinates
9684	Reverse the key-value pairs in the given mapping.
9685	Generate a sequence of float numbers between start and stop with a specified step.
9686	Adds a data set to the graph by summing elements, handling differing lengths by assuming missing values as zero.
9687	Add SVG definitions
9688	Adds data to the graph object. May be called several times to add
additional data sets.
9689	Process the template with the data and config to return the resulting SVG. Raises ValueError if no data is available.
9690	Calculates the margin to the left of the plot area, considering various factors like Y labels, their rotation, visibility, and titles.
9691	Calculate the margin in pixels to the right of the plot area, setting border_right.
9692	Calculate the margin in pixels above the plot area and set border_top.
9693	Add pop-up information to a point on the graph.
9694	Calculate the margin in pixels below the plot area, setting border_bottom based on various conditions such as key position, data length, x-label display and rotation, and x-title display.
9695	The central logic for drawing the graph, setting the 'g' element in the SVG root, and adding a background rectangle and axis.
9696	Add text for a datapoint
9697	Draw the X axis labels if they are showing, iterate through them with optional start and step, draw each label and guidelines.
9698	Draws the Y axis labels on the plot.
9699	Draws X-axis guidelines on a graph, skipping the first one.
9700	Draws the Y-axis guidelines on the graph.
9701	Draws the graph title, subtitle, x-axis title, and y-axis title based on their visibility settings.
9702	Hard-code the styles into the SVG XML if style sheets are not used.
9703	Creates the base SVG Document
9704	Get the stylesheets for this instance
9705	Bot start function: connects to IRC, joins channels, and enters event loop.
9706	Sends raw data over the wire if the connection is registered or the force flag is true. Otherwise, saves the data to an output buffer for transmission later.
9707	Establish a connection to the IRC server using the provided nickname and handle SSL if required.
9708	Send message to specified channel or user
9709	Dispatches socket data based on regex matching, handling various events such as nickname changes, PING responses, room joins, leaves, and message receptions.
9710	Generates a new nickname by appending a random number to the original nickname, logs the change, registers the new nickname, and handles the nickname change.
9711	Respond to periodic PING messages from server
9712	Handle server registration and send pending data.
9713	Handles incoming IRC messages and dispatches them based on matching patterns
9714	Register the worker with the boss
9715	This method runs tasks in a greenlet, processing commands from a task queue, executing callbacks based on command patterns, and reporting results to a command channel.
9716	decorator to ensure commands only come from the boss
9717	Return the patterns of commands listened for by the worker bot.
9718	Join the command channel and indicate that registration succeeded.
9719	Add a job to the task queue.
9720	Indicate that the worker with the given nick is performing the task
9721	Send a validation email to the user's email address, provided the user's email is not already verified.
9722	Send a password reset to the user's email address.
9723	This function `validate_password_strength` is used to check the strength of a password based on certain criteria. It checks if the password contains a mix of uppercase letters, lowercase letters, digits, and optionally ASCII symbols and spaces. The function raises a `ValidationError` if the password does not meet the criteria.
9724	Use `token` to verify one-time access to a view. Set the user as a class attribute or raise an `InvalidExpiredToken` if the token is expired.
9725	Delete the user's avatar and return a 204 No Content response.
9726	Throttle POST requests only.
9727	Provides initialization and access to a single global ThreadPoolExecutor
9728	Provides a single global client instance with TLS configuration and environment variables
9729	A tuple of the TLS client certificate and key if provided, otherwise None.
9730	Returns service name inside the Docker Swarm.
9731	Wrapper for calling Docker methods to be passed to ThreadPoolExecutor.
9732	Call a docker method in a background thread and returns a Future
9733	This function checks for the state of a task associated with a Docker service. It retrieves the service, filters tasks by the service name, and logs the status of each task. If any task is running, the function returns `None`; otherwise, it returns `1`.
9734	Stops and removes the Docker service, logging the process and clearing the state.
9735	Converts `value` to lowercase and checks if it is unique in the given `queryset`.
9736	Checks if the old password is valid and sets the new password for the instance.
9737	Set the new password for the user instance and save it.
9738	Function to validate if an email exists and requires verification. Sets a `user` attribute on the instance for sending an email confirmation. Returns the email if valid, otherwise raises validation errors.
9739	Create auth token using serializer and user data, update token expiry, and return response with token key or serializer errors.
9740	Delete auth token when `delete` request was issued.
9741	Ensure only the user with the email to be reset can resend the confirmation email.
9742	Validate `email` data, send confirmation email, and return a success message.
9743	Update token's expiration datetime on every auth action.
9744	Email context to reset a user password.
9745	Send an email notification using the provided details.
9746	Password reset email handler.
9747	Validate and handle an email using the provided notification object.
9748	Authenticate a user from a token form field. Return the user and token if authentication is successful, or None if it fails.
9749	Custom authentication to check if auth token has expired and update its expiration date if valid.
9750	Display bokeh output inside a notebook.
9751	Temporarily fix to patch HoloViews plot comms
9752	Returns a CustomJS callback for sending widget state across notebook comms.
9753	Get widget for param_name
9754	renders HoloViews objects using the Bokeh renderer
9755	Converts a parameter value to text and returns a TextInput widget.
9756	Returns a dictionary mapping from string name for the object to the object itself. Takes a list of objects where each object has a property `__name__` or a method `as_unicode`.
9757	Returns the instance or class owning the supplied method
9758	Split HTTP authentication credentials into username and password.
9759	Returns True if the cluster is up, False otherwise.
9760	Get the basic info from the current cluster.
9761	Coroutine that queries the cluster Health API and returns a 2-tuple containing the request status and response data.
9762	Converts bytes to a human-readable format.
9763	Calculates the total CPU load for Synology DSM by summing the system, user, and other load components.
9764	Get total memory size of Synology DSM
9765	Returns the total upload speed being used in bytes or a human-readable format.
9766	Return all available volumes
9767	Returns a specific volume based on the given volume ID
9768	Retrieves and returns the total size of a specified volume, optionally converting it to a human-readable format using SynoFormatHelper.bytes_to_readable() if the human_readable parameter is set to True.
9769	Calculates the percentage of volume used. Returns the total used size in percentage for the given volume. If the total size or used size is not available or is less than or equal to zero, it returns zero.
9770	Returns the average temperature of all disks in a given volume.
9771	Finds the maximum temperature among all disks in a specified volume.
9772	This function retrieves a specific disk from the `_data` dictionary using the provided `disk_id`.
9773	Build and execute login request
9774	Function to handle sessions for a GET request.
9775	Function to execute and handle a GET request, appending an access token and handling different response statuses.
9776	"Updates the utilization and storage instances by sending requests to the Synology API and processing the responses."
9777	Getter for Utilisation variables
9778	Getter for various Storage variables
9779	Creates the context for a specific request by extracting tenant, sender, signed request, and context from the provided request and body.
9780	Returns the cached token of the current tenant, retrieving it from the tenant if it's not already cached.
9781	Build an attribute dictionary for the widget.
9782	A class decorator that ensures the passed apps are included in INSTALLED_APPS.
9783	Class decorator that removes the specified apps from INSTALLED_APPS.
9784	Return a dictionary of all global settings values.
9785	Handles the retrieval of the code, parsing the URL and query parameters, and responding accordingly based on the path and presence of a query parameter called "code". If "code" is present, sends a response indicating successful authorization. If not, prompts the user to try again. If the path is "/LINK", sends a response with a link to claim a prize. Otherwise, returns a 404 error.
9786	Helper method to get a value from the config, optionally processing it with a function, splitting it, or returning a default value if an exception occurs.
9787	Change the value of a specified key in a configuration file to a new value. If the section for the key does not exist, it will be added.
9788	This function migrates an old configuration file format to a new one. It logs a warning message indicating that the old format is being used and attempts to migrate it by copying its contents to a new file with a specific format.
9789	Start the webserver that will receive the code
9790	Wait until the user accepted or rejected the request
9791	Request new access information from Reddit using the built-in webserver and handle authentication.
9792	Check whether the tokens are set and request new ones if not
9793	Sets the access credentials for a Reddit object, handling retries and exceptions.
9794	Refreshes the OAuth2 token if it has expired or is being forced.
9795	Create a DynamoDB table for run manifests with specified attributes and throughput. Handles cases where the table already exists.
9796	Splits an S3 path into the bucket name and the path within the bucket.
9797	Check if an S3 prefix is stored in Glacier by examining the storage class of the first object within that prefix. limit fetch to 3 to avoid retrieving _SUCCESS file.
9798	Extract date part from run id.
9799	Remove all keys with Nones as values.
9800	Add `run_id` into DynamoDB manifest table.
9801	Check if run_id is stored in DynamoDB table. Return True if run_id is stored or False otherwise.
9802	Extracts Schema information from Iglu URI
9803	Create an Elasticsearch field name from a schema string
9804	Converts a contexts JSON to an Elasticsearch-compatible list of key-value pairs
9805	Returns a list containing one Elasticsearch-compatible key-value pair converted from an unstructured event JSON. The key is a fixed schema string, and the value is the inner data from the JSON.
9806	Convert a Snowplow enriched event TSV into a JSON.
9807	Convert a Snowplow enriched event into a JSON object, handling geolocation data and specific field transformations while raising exceptions for errors.
9808	Return a tuple of the "active choice" and "all choices" from a TemplateResponse.
9809	Prints the entire template context with formatted HTML blocks for each scope, collapsing objects with many lines by default.
9810	Prints a set of variables, handling unknown variables by displaying context variables available.
9811	Highlights common SQL words in a string by escaping it and replacing specific SQL patterns with HTML tags.
9812	Dumps a variable to a HTML string with sensible output for template context fields, filtering out unavailable fields.
9813	Return a summary of dictionary keys in HTML format.
9814	Applying HTML highlighting to text by escaping it and replacing specific patterns with formatted text. This includes handling iterator objects, dynamic items, proxy objects, object methods, generators, object addresses, managers, class representations, request fieldnames, and request cleanup patterns. The final output is marked as safe for HTML rendering.
9815	Format an item in the result. Could be a dictionary key, value, etc..
9816	Recursively formats an object, and handles exceptions by writing formatted exception details to the stream.
9817	Parse the next token in the stream.
`LatexToken` is returned. A `LatexWalkerEndOfStream` exception is raised if the end of the stream is reached.
The `LatexWalker.get_token()` method should be used instead.
9818	Parses LaTeX content `s` and returns a tuple containing a list of `LatexNode` objects, the position, and the length of the parsed content. The parsing can be stopped upon encountering a closing brace, the end of an environment, or the end of a math mode, depending on the provided parameters.
9819	Extracts text from LaTeX content for database indexing, with options to keep inline math and comments, and deprecated in favor of :py:class:`LatexNodes2Text`.
9820	Sets the directory for input files and configures macros for handling `\input` and `\include` commands.
9821	Reads and returns contents of a file specified by `fn` after resolving its path and checking for its existence and validity.
9822	Parses the given `latex` code and returns its textual representation.
9823	Encode a UTF-8 string to a LaTeX snippet.
9824	Expand `\\uNNNN` escapes in `s` and encode the result as UTF-8
9825	Get information for this organisation. Returns a dictionary of values.
9826	Returns a list of Board objects.
9827	Returns all members attached to the organization as a list of Member objects.
9828	Update an organization's information and return the updated organization object.
9829	Remove a member from the organisation. Returns JSON of all members if successful or raises an Unauthorised exception if not.
9830	Add a board member by ID with an option to specify membership type (normal or admin). Returns JSON of all members if successful, raises an Unauthorised exception otherwise.
9831	Add a member to the board with an option for membership type (normal or admin). Returns JSON of all members if successful or raises an Unauthorized exception if not.
9832	Get information for the list. Returns a dictionary of values.
9833	Returns a card for the list.
9834	Retrieves label information with optional query parameters. Returns a JSON dictionary.
9835	Get all items for this label. Returns a list of dictionaries.
9836	Update the current label's name. Returns a new Label object.
9837	Update the current label. Returns a new Label object.
9838	Generate a URL for authorizing access to an application.
9839	Get information for this card. Returns a dictionary of values.
9840	Returns board information for a card.
9841	Get the list information for the card and return a List object.
9842	Returns the checklists attached to this card.
9843	Adds a comment to this card by the current user.
9844	Adds an attachment to a card using an API call with authentication and multipart form data.
9845	Add a checklist to the card. Returns a Checklist object.
9846	Add a label to this card, from a dictionary.
9847	Add an existing label to this card.
9848	Adding a member to a card and returning a list of Member objects.
9849	Get Information for a member. Returns a dictionary of values.
9850	Returns a list of Card objects for all cards the member is attached to.
9851	Returns all organisations this member is attached to.
9852	Create a new board. The name is required in query_params. Returns a Board object.
9853	For use as a decorator of class methods - enables singledispatch based on the type of the second argument.
9854	Get all information for this board. Returns a dictionary of values.
9855	Returns a list of List objects attached to this board.
9856	Returns the labels attached to this board as a list of Label objects.
9857	Returns a card for a given card ID.
9858	Returns the checklists for this board, creating Checklist objects from JSON data.
9859	Get the Organisation for this board. Returns Organisation object.
9860	Update this board's information. Returns a new board.
9861	Create a list for a board. Returns a new List object.
9862	Returns a new Label object after creating a label for a board using the specified query parameters.
9863	Get all information for this Checklist. Returns a dictionary of values.
9864	Get card this checklist is on.
9865	Returns a list of ChecklistItem objects based on the specified query parameters.
9866	Update the current checklist and return a new Checklist object.
9867	Add an item to this checklist. Returns a dictionary of values of new item.
9868	Deletes an item from the checklist.
9869	Rename the current checklist item and return a new ChecklistItem object.
9870	Set the state of the current checklist item and return a new ChecklistItem object.
9871	Adds API key and user auth token to query parameters
9872	Check the HTTP response status code. If it is 401, raise an Unauthorised exception with the provided URI and response. If the status code is not 200, raise a ResourceUnavailable exception with the provided URI and response.
9873	Builds the URI for the API call.
9874	Make a call to API and capture JSON response. Raises error if it fails.
9875	Create an Organisation object from a JSON object
9876	Property for accessing artifact manager of the current job.
9877	Create Label object from JSON object
9878	A function to create a List object from a JSON object, extracting the `id`, `name`, and raw data to initialize the List with the given `trello_client`.
9879	Create a Card object from JSON object
9880	A method that creates a Checklist object from a JSON object. Returns the Checklist object initialized with the provided JSON data.
9881	Create a Member object from JSON object
9882	Gets an organisation by its ID and optional name.
9883	Get a board with the given `id`. Returns the created Board object.
9884	Get a list
9885	Get a card with the given `id` and optionally `name`. Returns the card object.
9886	Retrieve a checklist by `id`. Return the checklist with the specified `id`.
9887	Returns the member with a given `id`, or the logged-in member if `id` is not provided.
9888	Returns the root domain from a URL by removing query strings, paths, protocol prefixes, and sub-domains, raises an exception for invalid URLs.
9889	A generator to convert raw text segments, without XML, into a list of words without any markup. Additionally, dates are replaced by `7777` for normalization.
9890	Segment text, remove markup, and tokenize into sentences.
9891	Convert raw text segments with XML, non-textual content to a list of words without any markup. Dates are replaced by `7777` for normalization, and Wikipedia anchors are kept.
9892	Setting password for a user in a service
9893	Split a string based on a list of locations indicating where to split. The function yields substrings of `text` corresponding to the slices defined by `locations`.
9894	Mark a 'SHOULD_SPLIT' marker at the end location of each matching group in the given text based on the provided regex and split locations.
9895	Marks the beginning and end of each matching group in the text with 'SHOULD_SPLIT' and marks the characters within the matching group as 'SHOULD_NOT_SPLIT'.
9896	Main command line interface entry point.
9897	Create the cipher object for encryption or decryption using given password, salt, and nonce.
9898	Return the AES mode, or a list of valid AES modes, if mode is None
9899	Returns a priority level if required dependencies are met
9900	Checks the validity of an encryption scheme in a configuration. Raises exceptions if the scheme is missing or invalid. Sets up the AES mode and removes unnecessary module names.
9901	Callback for receiving messages from a publisher. Logs the received message payload.
9902	Generate unique identifiers for Protocol packets, ensuring they survive beyond their sessions.
9903	Send a CONNECT control packet will fail with an error because the operation is unexpected in the current state.
9904	Handles an unexpected CONNACK packet by logging an error.
9905	Encode an UTF-8 string into MQTT format and return it as a bytearray with a prefixed length.
9906	Decodes an UTF-8 string from an encoded MQTT bytearray and returns the decoded string and the remaining bytearray to be parsed.
9907	Encodes a 16 bit unsigned integer into MQTT format and returns a bytearray.
9908	Encodes a numeric value into a multibyte sequence according to the MQTT protocol, suitable for encoding packet length fields.
9909	Decodes a variable length value defined in the MQTT protocol, representing remaining field lengths.
9910	Encodes and stores a DISCONNECT control packet.
9911	Encodes and stores a CONNECT control packet, raising a `ValueError` if any encoded topic or username string exceeds 65535 bytes.
9912	Decode a CONNECT control packet and extract its fields.
9913	Encode and store a CONNACK control packet.
9914	Decode a CONNACK control packet.
9915	Decode a SUBSCRIBE control packet and extract message ID and topics with their QoS levels.
9916	Encode and store a SUBACK control packet.
9917	Encodes and stores an UNSUBCRIBE control packet, validating that any encoded topic string does not exceed 65535 bytes.
9918	Decode a UNSUBACK control packet and extract the message ID and topics.
9919	Encode and store an UNSUBACK control packet
9920	Encodes a PUBLISH control packet and stores it. Raises exceptions for various invalid inputs.
9921	Decode a PUBLISH control packet.
9922	Decode a PUBREL control packet and extract message ID and duplication flag.
9923	Returns URL for calling a method with optional parameters and token.
9924	Send a request to an API using a specified method and return the response as a dictionary.
9925	Refresh the list of blocks to the disk collectively
9926	Given a dictionary of data, this function converts it into an array suitable for use with `sklearn.cluster`. If the data contains NaN values, they are removed. If the `scale` parameter is set to `True`, the data is scaled using the `scaler` attribute of the class. The function returns the formatted data array and the indices of the sampled data.
9927	Function to format data for cluster fitting. Takes a dictionary of data containing elements from `analytes` and returns a formatted data array for initial cluster fitting, with the data scaled using StandardScaler.
9928	Fit KMeans clustering algorithm to data.
9929	Fit MeanShift clustering algorithm to data.
9930	Fit classifiers from a large dataset using either K-Means or Meanshift clustering algorithms.
9931	Label new data with cluster identities.
9932	Translate cluster identity back to original data size.
9933	Sort clusters by the concentration of a particular analyte.
9934	Converts a datetime string to a datetime object with an optional format.
9935	Returns the total number of data points in values of dictionary.
9936	Returns the maximum analysis time.
9937	Return the most appropriate plotting unit based on the magnitude of the input data.
9938	Returns formatted element name in LaTeX, with numbers in superscript.
9939	Converts analytes in format '27Al' to 'Al27'.
9940	Converts a chemical element symbol followed by its mass number into a mass number followed by the element symbol.
9941	Copies all CSV files from nested directories to a single directory, creating the destination directory if it doesn't exist.
9942	Consecutively numbers contiguous booleans in array.
9943	Generate boolean array from list of limit tuples.
9944	Returns a fast smoothed version of a 1D array using a rolling window.
9945	Computes the rolling gradient of a 1D array using a specified window size.
9946	Return array of points in x where y has a local minimum
9947	Identify clusters using Meanshift algorithm.
9948	Identify clusters using K-Means algorithm.
9949	Identify clusters using DBSCAN algorithm. The algorithm clusters together points that are close to each other and removes outliers.
9950	Returns a list of unique SRMs defined in the SRM database.
9951	Read LAtools configuration file and return parameters as dict.
9952	Reads a configuration file for the `latools` package and returns it as a `ConfigParser` object.
9953	Prints all currently defined configurations.
9954	Copy the default SRM table to a specified location. If no location is specified, it saves it as 'LAtools_[config]_SRMTable.csv' in the current working directory.
9955	Adds a new configuration to latools.cfg by copying values from an existing configuration and optionally setting it as the default.
9956	Change the default configuration
9957	Excludes all data after the first excluded portion. This function is useful for spot measurements where signals from further down the ablation pit might contain a contaminant once a contaminant has been ablated.
9958	Defragments a filter by removing consecutive values equal to or below a specified threshold.
9959	Applies exponential decay and noise despike filters to data, updating the `self.data['despiked']` dictionary with the filtered data and recalculating the total counts.
9960	Plot a detailed autorange report for a given analyte.
9961	Transform boolean arrays into list of limit pairs.
9962	Divides all analytes by a specified internal_standard analyte. Sets the ratios in the data and focuses on the 'ratios' key.
9963	Applies calibration to data using a calibration dictionary (`calib_dict`) passed to the function. If `analytes` is `None`, it defaults to `self.analytes`. The function multiplies the ratios by the calibration slope (`m`) and adds the calibration intercept (`c`). If the internal standard is not in the `analytes`, it sets a numpy array with the same length as the internal standard's ratios. Finally, it sets the focus to 'calibrated'.
9964	Calculate sample statistics for specified analytes and filters, and store the results in a Bunch object. The statistics can be calculated for each trace or the entire sample, and support custom functions for calculating different statistics.
9965	Calculates the ablation times for each ablation.
9966	Applies a threshold filter to the given analyte, creating two filters: one to keep data above the threshold (prefix '_above') and one to keep data below the threshold (prefix '_below').
9967	Apply gradient threshold filter. Generates threshold filters for the given analytes above and below the specified threshold. Two filters are created with prefixes '_above' and '_below'.
9968	Calculate local correlation between two analytes.
9969	In the `filter_correlation` method, the process involves filtering data based on correlation thresholds. It calculates the correlation using a rolling window, filters out data points based on the absolute Pearson R value and p-value thresholds, and then adds a new filter to the existing correlation filters. If the filter is already present, it updates the existing filter.
9970	$$\textbf{Summary:}$$  
Creates a new filter by combining other filters based on a logical combination of partial strings, adds it to the filter collection with a unique name, and returns `None`.
9971	Returns a dictionary containing the parameters used for data processing, including sample name, ratio parameters, despike parameters, autorange parameters, background correction parameters, filter parameters, filter sequence, and whether the filter was used.
9972	Plot histograms of all items in dat.
9973	Compute summary statistics, including Wilcoxon, KS, and linear regression, for paired x, y data and return the results in a pandas DataFrame.
9974	Fetches LAtools reference data from an online repository based on the specified name and returns it as a pandas DataFrame or a dictionary of DataFrames.
9975	Find an instance of the type class `TC` for type `G` by iterating through `G`'s parent classes and checking if the instance is a subclass of `TC`.
9976	Loads a DataFrame of all elements and isotopes, optionally weighted by isotope percentage.
9977	Calculate the molecular weight of a molecule given its chemical formula in standard notation.
9978	Generates a tuple of ANSI escape sequences based on the provided arguments and keyword arguments.
9979	Removes the elements of input that match predicate and only keeps the last match at the end of the stack.
9980	Remove duplicates from the stack in first-seen order.
9981	Calculate gaussian weigted moving mean, SD and SE.
9982	Gaussian function that takes independent variable `x` and parameters `A, mu, sigma` amplitude, centre, width, and returns a Gaussian described by these parameters.
9983	Calculate the standard error of an array.
9984	Return sample names from a specified subset, or all samples if no subset is provided.
9985	Despikes data using exponential decay and noise filters, applying them conditionally based on input parameters. Iterates through data, updates progress, and moves to the 'despiked' stage upon completion.
9986	Calculates the background using a Gaussian-weighted mean for specified analytes.
9987	Calculate background using 1D interpolation.
9988	Subtract calculated background from data. Must run `bkg_calc` first.
9989	Calculates the ratio of all analytes to a single analyte. The `internal_standard` parameter specifies the analyte to divide all other analytes by. The function also updates the progress bar during the calculation.
9990	Creates a subset of samples, which can be treated independently.
9991	Calculate a gradient threshold filter for the data. Generates two filters above and below the threshold value for a given analyte.
9992	Create clustering classifier based on samples or subset.
9993	Apply a clustering classifier, either to all samples or a specified subset.
9994	Applies a correlation filter to the data. Calculates a rolling correlation between every `window` points of two analytes and excludes data where their Pearson's R value is above `r_threshold` and statistically significant. Filters data based on the specified thresholds and updates the progress bar accordingly.
9995	Turns data filters on for particular analytes and samples. Supports partial matching for filter names. Applies filters to specified samples or all samples if not specified. Optionally shows filter status.
9996	Turns off data filters for specified analytes and samples.
9997	Prints the current status of filters for specified samples.
9998	Remove 'fragments' from the calculated filter based on a specified threshold and mode.
9999	Report how many data are removed by the active filters.
10000	Plot a histogram of the gradients in all samples, with options for filtering, binning, and customizing the plot.
10001	Plot gradients of analytes against each other in a crossplot.
10002	Plot histograms of analytes.
10003	Generate plots of analytes as a function of time, with options for filtering, scaling, and statistical overlays.
10004	Plot analyte gradients as a function of time.
10005	Plot filter reports for all filters that contain `filt_str` in the name.
10006	
10007	Returns a pandas dataframe of all sample statistics, optionally saving to a file.
10008	Export minimal dataset for specified analytes and samples.
10009	Exports raw data traces to a specified directory based on given parameters.
10010	Save analysis.lalog in specified location
10011	Exports minimal dataset and associated metadata for analysis, optionally compressing in a zip file.
10012	Splits one long analysis file into multiple smaller files based on a regular expression pattern.
10013	A method that maps a function over a traversable data structure, then folds the result using an initial value and a binary operation, defaulting to addition.
10014	Plot a fitted PCA, and all components.
10015	Remove mean and divide by standard deviation, using bayes_kvm statistics
10016	Remove median, divide by IQR.
10017	Apply a standard deviation filter to remove anomalous values in a signal using a rolling window.
10018	Apply exponential decay filter to smooth and remove spikes in data based on instrumental washout, repeating the process until no more spikes are detected or a maximum number of iterations is reached.
10019	Add filter with parameters and store it in a dictionary.
10020	Remove filter.
10021	Clears all filters by resetting various attributes and components.
10022	Remove unused filters.
10023	Identify a filter by fuzzy string matching.
10024	Make filter from logical expression.
10025	Flexible access to specific filter using any key format.
10026	Returns a string containing information for all filters, sorted by keys.
10027	Function for logging method calls and parameters.
10028	Returns the destination file name after writing and analyzing a log
10029	Reads an latools analysis.log file, and returns dicts of arguments. Returns two dictionaries: one with arguments required to run analysis steps, and another with data and SRM database locations.
10030	Tries to login and redo an action before failing, with support for timeouts and error handling.
10031	Entry point to an asynchronous function that retrieves and prints information from a modem using the `aiohttp` library.
10032	Example of sending a message. Uses `aiohttp` to create a web session, logs into a modem, sends an SMS, and then logs out.
10033	Parse a file-like object or string using a SQL grammar.
10034	Return the link to the Jupyter nbviewer for the given notebook URL.
10035	Returns a string for creating the thumbnail using a template with the description, thumbnail file, and reference name.
10036	The function `code_div` returns a string representation of a code example for the gallery. If `code_example` is `None`, it returns `None`. Otherwise, it uses a template to format the description and code example, and returns the formatted string.
10037	Returns the code example from the notebook metadata if it exists.
10038	Returns the Jupyter nbviewer URL for this notebook, or None if unknown.
10039	get the output file with the specified `ending`
10040	Method for processing a Jupyter notebook, running it using `nbconvert` and `nbformat`, and creating output files including an image directory, a Python file, and an RST file. The method also handles disabling warnings, preprocessing, removing tags, and clearing outputs.
10041	Create a Python script from a notebook node, handling compatibility issues with nbconvert and commenting out IPython magics.
10042	Creates the rst string to download supplementary data. If there are multiple files, it formats them with line breaks and indentation. If there is only one file, it formats it directly.
10043	Create the thumbnail for HTML output. It copies the thumbnail figure, checks if it is an image path or a reference to the pictures dictionary, saves the thumbnail if found, or iterates through the pictures in reverse to find and save the first PNG file.
10044	Get summary and description of this notebook.
10045	Scales an image while maintaining the aspect ratio and centers it within a given maximum width and height. If the input and output filenames are the same, the image can only be scaled down.
10046	Save the thumbnail image by scaling the original image and saving it to a designated directory.
10047	Returns the path to the thumbnail figure, or `None` if it cannot be found.
10048	Returns the URL corresponding to the given notebook file.
10049	Returns the language codes for fields that exist in `db_table_fields` but not already included, based on the `field_name`.
10050	Create a function that returns the value of a field in the current language, falling back to the default language or a specified language code if the value is not set.
10051	Processes a file by applying a series of post-processing operations based on the specified size.
10052	The `pre_save` method processes the source image through defined processors, resizing it if specified, and saves the processed image with a new filename.
10053	Populates `self._thumbnails` with thumbnail metadata from the `metadata_backend`.
10054	Return all thumbnails in a dict format.
10055	Creates and returns a thumbnail of a given size.
10056	Deletes a thumbnail of a given size
10057	Create a thumbnail file and its relevant metadata. Returns a Thumbnail instance.
10058	Returns a Thumbnail instance, or None if the thumbnail does not yet exist.
10059	Deletes a thumbnail file and its relevant metadata based on the provided source name and size. If no backend is specified, the default backend is used for both storage and metadata operations.
10060	Simulate an incoming message and handle it.
10061	Registers a virtual subscriber to receive messages for a specific phone number and assigns a callback function to handle those messages.
10062	Return the set of states.
10063	Register a provider on the gateway.
10064	Send a message using a specific provider.
10065	Factory that creates Flask blueprints for handling incoming messages and status reports.
10066	Get Flask blueprints for every provider that supports it.
10067	Callback to handle incoming messages by setting the provider to self.name and firing the Gateway's onReceive event hook. Returns the updated message.
10068	Process an incoming status message by populating necessary fields and firing the status event hook. Return the updated status object.
10069	For use as a decorator, handles JsonEx responses by catching exceptions, returning appropriate HTTP status codes, and setting the response content type to application/json.
10070	Forward an object to clients and raise an exception if any of the clients fail.
10071	This function signs a web3 transaction using the provided v, r, and s values and returns the RLP-encoded transaction and the transaction hash.
10072	Estimate the transaction gas using Web3.
10073	Estimate transaction gas by using the maximum of calculations from the safe method and web3 if the operation is a CALL, otherwise use just the safe calculation.
10074	Appends towrite to the write queue
10075	Reads one line.
10076	Verify and send a message.
10077	Creates email message as a string.
10078	Function to check for bad headers, such as newlines in subject, sender, recipients, or reply-to fields.
10079	Adds an attachment to the message.
10080	Register services with the DAL and set them up.
10081	Loads a configuration module by its name and returns a Config object containing the uppercase attributes and their values from the module.
10082	Register resources with the ResourceManager, ensuring no duplicates.
10083	Raises an exception if the value for the specified key is empty.
10084	Teardowns a Resource or Middleware, handling both normal and exception contexts, ensuring proper closure and exception management.
10085	Sets up the service with a specific DataManager, initializing sub-services recursively.
10086	The group index with respect to wavelength.
10087	Helpful function to evaluate Cauchy equations
10088	Log in to the backend using a username and password, authenticate, and set up the logged-in user, default realm, and default time periods. If authentication fails, exit with an error code.
10089	Log into the backend and get the token.
10090	Return a list of available resources from the Alignak backend, each identified with its title and endpoint relative to the backend root endpoint. If the connection is successful and no resources are found, an empty list is returned. If an error occurs, a BackendException is raised.
10091	Retrieves all items from the specified endpoint of the Alignak backend. Handles pagination and parallel processing. Returns a response containing `_items` and `_status`.
10092	Method to update an item via the patch method. Raises a `BackendException` if the patching fails due to a mismatched `_etag` or other HTTP errors. If `inception` is True, it will refresh the `_etag` and retry the patch. Returns a dictionary containing the patch response from the backend.
10093	**Summary:**

Deletes an item or all items from the specified endpoint using the provided headers. The method requires the endpoint and headers, where the headers must include the _etag identifier for deleting a specific item. If the deletion is successful, it returns a response containing a status code.
10094	Returns True if path1 and path2 refer to the same file.
10095	Create a junction at link_name pointing to source.
10096	Sets command name and formatting for subsequent calls to logger.
10097	This method suppresses the default exit behavior when an error occurs. It remessages any invalid subparser encountered and raises a `UsageError` exception with the modified message.
10098	Recognizes and claims MuTect VCFs form the set of all input VCFs.
10099	Converts the sample headers in a VCF file to standardized format, replacing the names from MuTect with "NORMAL" and "TUMOR".
10100	Recognizes and claims VarScan VCFs from a collection of input VCFs. Each caller has a chance to evaluate and claim files, with more complex logic for VarScan due to its high-confidence files. Returns unclaimed files and VarScanVcfReaders.
10101	Derive mean and stdev from VCF records for a specific tag, using an online variance algorithm from Knuth. Returns the mean and stdev rounded to a maximum precision.
10102	Allows each caller to claim incoming files as they are recognized.
10103	Splits data into lines using specified terminators, returning a list of lines without the terminators.
10104	Return line terminator data begins with or None.
10105	Returns the line terminator that the given data ends with, or None.
10106	Enumerable['Navigate to the nextline and return position.']
10107	Seeks the previous line relative to the current file position, returning the position of the line or -1 if the previous line was not found.
10108	Return the last lines of the file.
10109	Return the top lines of the file.
10110	Returns an iterator that yields lines from a file as they are added. Yields `None` if no new line is available.
10111	Recognizes and claims Strelka VCFs from the set of all input VCFs. Each defined caller has a chance to evaluate and claim all the incoming files as something that it can process. Returns a tuple of unclaimed readers and StrelkaVcfReaders.
10112	Create VcfRecord from VCF string
10113	Creates a dictionary of tag-value pairs for each sample in a variant record.
10114	Returns the set of format tags.
10115	Updates the `info` attribute by formatting fields from `info_dict`.
10116	Converts dictionary of tag values to formatted string
10117	Returns string representation of sample-format values.
10118	Returns a tab-delimited, newline terminated string of VcfRecord.
10119	Appends a new format tag-value for all samples, ensuring the tag does not exist and sample names match existing ones.
10120	Replace null or blank filter or add filter to existing list
10121	Returns the categories available to the user. If `products` is specified, it filters the categories based on those products. Otherwise, it considers all products.
10122	Dynamically generates a subclass of _ProductsForm based on the category's render_type, sets the form fields based on the provided products, and adjusts the form for item quantity render_type if applicable.
10123	Creates a StaffProductsForm that restricts the available products to those that are accessible to a user.
10124	Adds an error to the given product's field
10125	Decorator that caches function results based on user and arguments until batch completion.
10126	Creates a form for selecting fields from a model.
10127	u Returns a list of items that the user has purchased or has pending based on their status.
10128	Sends an e-mail to the given address.
10129	Starts processing an OSM diff stream and yields one changeset at a time to the caller.
10130	Parse an OpenStreetMap XML file into nodes, ways, and relations.
10131	Parses the global OSM Notes feed and yields as much Note information as possible, updating the last seen GUID and sleeping for a specified interval.
10132	Returns true if the condition passes the filter
10133	Check if a filter condition is met for a user, optionally bypassing filtering.
10134	This method calculates the remaining quantity under a stock limit for a given user. If filtering is enabled and the condition has a "remainder" attribute, it returns that value. Otherwise, it queries the database to find the user's registered remainder and returns it. If no user-specific remainder is found, it returns 0.
10135	Filter items in the queryset where the user has a product from a category that invokes the item's condition in one of their carts, excluding items in released carts.
10136	Filter a queryset to include only items where the user has a product in their cart that meets a specific condition and is in a certain status.
10137	Filter the queryset to include items whose date falls within a specified range and whose stock limit has not been reached yet.
10138	Returns filtered items from queryset based on user being a presenter or copresenter of a non-cancelled proposal.
10139	Filter items by user group membership.
10140	Decorator that prevents functions from modifying the cart and wraps the execution in a database transaction.
10141	Returns the user's current cart, or creates a new cart if there isn't one ready yet.
10142	Updates the cart's last updated time and sets the reservation duration based on the time elapsed since the last update, vouchers, and product-specific reservation durations.
10143	Apply a voucher code to the cart, ensuring it's valid and unique.
10144	Method for validating the status of a cart by checking vouchers, product quantities, required categories, and discounts, and raising a ValidationError if any issues are found.
10145	This function attempts to fix easy errors raised by a `ValidationError`. It starts by identifying and removing vouchers that are no longer available, as this affects available discounts. Then, it proceeds to fix products and discounts. It identifies products in the cart that are no longer available and sets their quantities to zero.
10146	Calculates all available discounts for a product in the cart, considering the product's price, and applying discounts accordingly.
10147	Apply the best discounts on the given product, from the given discounts.
10148	ReportDecorator that converts a report view function into something that displays a report.
10149	Returns the data rows for the table.
10150	Creates an instance of a form using request.GET
10151	Renders the reports based on the `data.content_type`.
10152	Lists all of the reports currently available.
10153	Summarises the items sold and discounts granted for a given set of products, or products from categories.
10154	Summarises paid items and payments, including sales income, total payments, credit notes (claimed, refunded, unclaimed), and the net difference between sales and payments.
10155	Shows the history of payments into the system.
10156	A function that retrieves all credited notes that have been generated and returns a report with their details.
10157	Summarises the inventory status of the given items, grouping by invoice status.
10158	Summarises the usage of a given discount by grouping items in carts and creating a report with headings including discount description, total paid, total reserved, total unreserved, and total refunded.
10159	Displays a list of product line items from invoices, including their date and purchasing customer, filtered by product and category.
10160	Generates a report showing the number of paid invoices, including those with given products or categories, per day.
10161	Lists all credit notes in the system.
10162	Shows all invoices in the system.
10163	Returns a list of all attendees, including their User ID, Name, Email, and registration status. The list is sorted by registration status and ID.
10164	Returns registration status for speakers with a given proposal kind, including whether they have paid for their carts.
10165	Produce the registration manifest for people with the given product type.
10166	Adds the categories that the user does not currently have.
10167	The sum of unclaimed credit from this user's credit notes
10168	Returns `True` if the current unregistered user has no products available in the specified category, otherwise returns `None` for registered users.
10169	redirect to login
10170	Edit an attendee's profile. The user must be logged in to edit their profile. The function handles both GET and POST requests. For POST requests, it updates the profile and redirects to the dashboard. For GET requests, it renders a form to edit the profile.
10171	Returns a profile form instance, and a boolean which is true if the form was handled.
10172	Handle form submission for selecting products from a specific category. Form data is processed to update user reservations and handle vouchers. If the form is submitted successfully, the user is redirected to the dashboard. Otherwise, the form is re-rendered with the updated data.
10173	Handles a products list form in the given request. Returns the form instance, the discounts applicable to this form, and whether the contents were handled.
10174	Handle a voucher form in the request. Return the voucher form instance and whether the voucher code was handled.
10175	Run the checkout process for the current cart, optionally fixing errors, and redirect to the invoice page if successful or render errors page if there are issues.
10176	Redirects to an invoice for the attendee that matches the given access code, if any. If the attendee has multiple invoices, it follows a specific tie-break strategy to determine which invoice to show. If the user has no invoices, it raises an Http404 exception. Returns a redirect to the selected invoice.
10177	Displays and logs an invoice.
10178	Allows staff to make manual payments or refunds on an invoice.
10179	Marks an invoice as refunded and requests a credit note for the full amount paid.
10180	Displays a credit note and processes forms for applying, refunding, or generating a cancellation fee.
10181	Allows staff to amend a user's current registration cart, handling product items and vouchers.
10182	Extends a reservation for a user's cart by a specified number of days and redirects to the referrer page.
10183	Allows staff to send emails to users based on their invoice status.
10184	Display a form containing a list of users with badges to render, or returns a .zip file containing their badges.
10185	Render a single user's badge.
10186	Returns a list of discounts available to the given user for the specified categories and products, considering the user's past use count and the conditions for each discount.
10187	Annotates a queryset with the past usage count of items for a given discount applicable to the items, by a specific user.
10188	Return a list of products that are available based on user flags and category/product lists.
10189	Applies the total value of a credit note to a specified invoice, and creates a new credit note if necessary. Raises a ValidationError if the invoice cannot be paid.
10190	Generates an invoice with a cancellation fee and applies credit to the invoice.
10191	Generate an access code consisting of 6 characters, including uppercase letters and digits 1-9, for users' payments and fulfilment codes.
10192	Produces a callable that delays the evaluation of a function until it is invoked, using positional and keyword arguments passed at the time of evaluation.
10193	Returns the named object from a given string.
10194	Returns an invoice object for a given cart at its current revision, validating and generating the invoice if necessary.
10195	Generates an invoice for arbitrary items not held in a user's cart.
10196	Generates an invoice for the given cart by processing and formatting its product and discount items, and calculating the minimum due time based on the cart's reservation duration and last updated time.
10197	Applies user's credit notes to the given invoice only if it is an unpaid invoice, without overpaying.
10198	Determine if the user has permission to view the invoice.
10199	Refreshes the underlying invoice and cart objects.
10200	Checks if the invoice is allowed to be paid, raising a ValidationError if not.
10201	Updates the status of an invoice based on the total payments made.
10202	Marks the invoice as paid and updates the attached cart's status if necessary
10203	Determines if an invoice matches the current cart revision.
10204	Checks the validity of an invoice based on the attached cart's revision and expiration status. If the invoice is invalid, it either refunds or voids the invoice.
10205	Voids the invoice if it is valid to do so.
10206	Refunds the invoice by generating a CreditNote for the value of all payments against the cart. Marks the invoice as refunded and the cart as released. If the invoice is already void, raises a ValidationError.
10207	Sends out an e-mail notifying the user about something to do with that invoice.
10208	Update the object with new data by setting its attributes and updating its annotation based on the input and schema.
10209	Flattens a dictionary based on a given schema by reducing nested dictionaries to dot-separated keys.
10210	Print file download paths and filenames to standard output.
10211	Download a file.
10212	Return a list of Data objects for a given project. The function handles both ObjectId and slug inputs, ensuring the project is valid and retrieving or caching the associated Data objects.
10213	This function returns a list of Processor objects. If a processor name is specified, it returns the Processor object with that name. If no processor name is specified, it returns a list of all Processor objects.
10214	Print processor input fields and types.
10215	POST JSON data object to server.
10216	Upload files and data objects to a specified processor within a project, handling file validation and input schema checks.
10217	Upload a single file on the platform in chunks of 1,024 bytes.
10218	Download files of specified data objects based on the given field.
10219	Gets the subclasses of a class, including all subclass descendants.
10220	Returns repository and project after asserting their existence and setting the first issue for synchronization.
10221	Retrieves variant phenotypes along with suggested changes from the CIVIC API.
10222	Yields evidence and merged phenotype for each variant after applying suggested changes.
10223	Searches the cache for variants matching provided coordinates using the corresponding search mode.
10224	searches for variants in a cache that match a set of sorted genomic coordinates, returning matches based on a specified search mode
10225	Update record and return whether it is complete after the update.
10226	Takes a list and returns a new list with all duplicate elements removed while preserving the original order.
10227	Connects to Github and Asana and authenticates via OAuth.
10228	Generator that yields the atoms of the expressions in prefix notation with operation end markers.
10229	Method to retrieve saved issue data from local storage based on the issue number and namespace.
10230	Moves issue_data from one namespace to another.
10231	Method to retrieve task data from local storage based on task ID.
10232	Retrieves a task from Asana by task ID. Handles cases where the task is not found or access is forbidden.
10233	Saves data to a file in JSON format, pruning unnecessary data and adding a version field.
10234	Applies a setting value to a key if the value is not `None`. Returns without prompting if either of the following: * `value` is not `None` * already present in the dictionary
10235	Decorator for retrying tasks with special cases.
10236	Waits until thequeueis empty.
10237	Creates a task
10238	Return formatted task numbers with links for the Asana tasks section
10239	Creates a task in Asana using the provided details and performs additional actions such as announcing the task in Git, saving the task data, and syncing tags/labels.
10240	Return a sorted list of unique data types from the project data.
10241	Sends a string to the module-level log with an optional priority that defaults to 3.
10242	Required initialization call wraps pyserial constructor.
10243	Set optional polling loop control with maximum waits and wait sleep duration in milliseconds.
10244	Combine field definitions from V3 and V4 meters, excluding reserved and CRC fields, and update the field list.
10245	Simple since Time_Stamp query returned as JSON records
10246	Set context string for serial command. Arguments: context_str (str)
10247	Simple wrap to calculate legacy PF value. Takes meter power factor reading as input and returns legacy push PF as output.
10248	Run a serial command to set the maximum demand period with an optional password. Returns True on successful completion with an ACK.
10249	Set the meter password using a serial command.
10250	Returns a tuple containing the parsed result of struct.unpack() with field definitions.
10251	Move data from raw tuple into scaled and converted values.
10252	Converts a `SerialBlock` object into a JSON string representation, excluding fields with "RESERVED" or "CRC" in their names.
10253	Internal read CRC wrapper. Checks if the CRC sent by the device matches the calculated CRC.
10254	Break out a date from Omnimeter read into components.
10255	Returns the months tariff buffer for a meter based on the specified direction.
10256	Sets the CT ratio for an inductive pickup using the provided password and validates the input. Returns True on successful completion with an ACK.
10257	Assign a schedule tariff period to a meter buffer. Validates input parameters and updates schedule parameters accordingly. Returns True if successful, otherwise False.
10258	Define a season and assign a schedule to it. Ensure the values are within valid ranges. Update season-specific parameters if valid. Return True if successful.
10259	Serial command to set seasons table. If no dictionary is passed, the meter object buffer is used.
10260	Set a single holiday date and month in the object buffer. Returns True on completion if the inputs are valid and within bounds. Otherwise, logs an error and returns False.
10261	Serially reads schedule tariffs buffer and returns True on completion with an ACK, handling different schedules and CRC checks.
10262	Read a single schedule tariff from meter object buffer.
10263	Read month tariffs block into meter object buffer
10264	Extract the tariff details for a specified month from a meter object buffer.
10265	Read holiday dates from a serial port and store them in a meter object buffer. Return True on successful completion, including CRC validation.
10266	Reads a single holiday date from meter buffer.
10267	A call to read all meter settings at once, returning True if all subsequent serial calls completed with ACK.
10268	set - command result string Gathers and stores a message built during a command execution.
10269	Issue a serial command for password authentication.
10270	Updates the observers in the order they were attached and handles any exceptions that occur during the update process.
10271	Initialize a lookup table for string inputs to LCD fields using predefined constants from the `LCDItems` class.
10272	Send termination string at end of read. If A and B read complete, make AB, calculate fields, and update observers. Return True on completion.
10273	Send an A request to a V4 meter and return True if the CRC matches.
10274	Issue a B read on V4 meter and return True if CRC match at end.
10275	Munge A and B reads into single serial block with only unique fields.
10276	Write calculated fields for read buffer.
10277	Wrap a function call with a check to ensure the list of items to be displayed on the LCD is between 1 and 45. If this doesn't uphold then the function will stop. Upon passing the check it iterates through the items provided and sets the LCD. Returns a boolean response.
10278	Set a relay status with a specified duration and password. Returns `True` on successful completion and acknowledgment.
10279	Sends the termination string "0142300375" to the implicit current meter and logs any exceptions.
10280	Serially set the pulse input ratio on a line.
10281	Serially call a method to zero resettable kWh registers with an optional password, returning `True` on successful completion and `ACK`.
10282	Serial call to set LCD using meter object buffer.
10283	Return a generator that iterates over all DictField sub-fields recursively.
10284	Recursively iterates over all schema sub-fields and yields the schema and fields for each field. If a group is present, it recursively iterates over the group fields.
10285	Generate a random paragraph(s)
10286	Simple string generator with configurable characters.
10287	Return a nice report of combined time and result summary statistics
10288	Returns colorized text using the specified ANSI color.
10289	Writes the text to the stream and flushes immediately.
10290	Return a summary of the results, including the number of examples, errors, and failures.
10291	Parse some arguments using the parser. Evades a Python bug related to the first argument.
10292	Sets up the environment for an example run by configuring a formatter based on the provided configuration options and initializing an example result.
10293	Entry point to execute tests using the provided configuration.
10294	Run in transform mode.
10295	Transforms a describe node into a ``TestCase`` by constructing a class definition with the name "Test" concatenated with the capitalized `describes` name. The class inherits from `TestCase` and contains the transformed body of the `describe` node, bound to the specified `context_variable`.
10296	Transform the body of an ``ExampleGroup``.
10297	Transform an example node into a test method
10298	Transforms the body of an `Example` into the body of a method by replacing instances of `context_variable` with `self`.
10299	Return an argument list node that takes only ``self``.
10300	Register the path hook.
10301	Transform source code into a code object.
10302	Applies an argument parser to parse command-line arguments and returns the parsed arguments.
10303	Load a spec from either a file path or a fully qualified name.
10304	Load a spec from a given path, discovering specs if a directory is provided.
10305	Recursively finds and yields all the file paths in `path` that match the filter specifications provided in `filter_specs`.
10306	Constructs a function that monitors a directory for changes in JSON process configuration files. When changes are detected, it calls appropriate methods on the given receiver object to handle the additions, removals, or modifications of these files.
10307	Function that checks a directory for new messages and calls the appropriate method on the receiver, deleting sent messages.
10308	Add a process.
10309	Remove the process with the given name from the Places instance.
10310	Restart a process
10311	Call the function stored in.results.dict['func'] on the remaining attributes of results, passing them as keyword arguments along with a Places object configured with values from results.
10312	Constructs and returns a service that monitors processes based on the contents of a configuration directory and restarts them if file contents change or stops them if the file is removed. It also listens for restart and restart-all messages on a messages directory.
10313	Return a service based on parsed command-line options
10314	Adds or refreshes a particular node in the nodelist, attributing the current time with the node_id.
10315	Removes all expired nodes from the nodelist. If a set of node_ids is passed in, those ids will be checked to ensure they haven't been refreshed before a lock is acquired. Should only be run with a lock.
10316	Removes a particular node from the nodelist. If no node_id is provided, the node with the process id of the current connection is removed.
10317	Returns the last updated time of a node using a connection ID, returning a Unix timestamp if available.
10318	Returns all nodes in the hash with the time they were last refreshed as a dictionary.
10319	Update the session for this node by finding and removing expired nodes, then refreshing the session data. This method should only be called while the reference is locked.
10320	Increments the number of times this resource has been modified by all processes, and sets an expiration time for the key.
10321	Decrements the reference count for a resource and executes a callback if this is the last reference. Returns whether the resource has been completely dereferenced.
10322	Returns a list of tokens interleaved with the delimiter.
10323	Return list of filenames that need to be restarted based on the given path, start time, and current time.
10324	Merge the failure message from another status into this one, updating the farthest position and expected values accordingly.
10325	Query to test if a value exists, ensuring it is a token with an identifier, and returns True if the identifier is not null.
10326	Constructs a query to retrieve the value by ensuring it is a token with an identifier. If the identifier is missing, it is set to a default value. Returns a query that matches the value and returns its identifier.
10327	Produce a function that always returns a supplied value.
10328	Converts a function taking multiple arguments into a function that accepts a single iterable argument, with each element of the iterable passed as an argument to the original function.
10329	Converts a function taking a single iterable argument into a function taking multiple arguments. Each argument of the new function is passed as an element of an iterable to the original function.
10330	Runs a process with specified arguments and timeout, handling termination and errors through deferred callbacks.
10331	```python
:param opts: Dictionary containing options for scheduler service, including frequency, args, timeout, and grace.
:return: A MultiService instance with a TimerService added and named 'scheduler'.
```
10332	Consume reader and return Success only on complete consumption.
10333	Match a literal sequence and return a parser based on the context. If multiple literals are provided, they are treated as alternatives.
10334	Optionally match a parser.
10335	```plaintext
Tag that will obtain listing of top objects for a given category and store them in context under given name.
```
10336	Match a parser zero or more times repeatedly. This matches `parser` multiple times in a row and returns a list of values from each match. If no matches, it returns an empty list.
10337	Match a parser one or more times separated by another parser. Returns a list of parser matches or fails if it does not match at all.
10338	Match a parser zero or more times separated by another parser.
10339	```
Check all processes and update the states accordingly.
```
10340	Discard data and cancel all calls. Instance cannot be reused after closing.
10341	Check the state of HTTP.
10342	Add a heart to a service collection.
10343	Wrap a service in a MultiService with a heart.
10344	Freezes and shrinks the graph using a checkpoint and specified output node names.
10345	Freeze and shrink the graph based on a session and the output node names.
10346	Save a small version of the graph based on a session and the output node names.
10347	Save a reduced graph from a checkpoint.
10348	Restores weights from a checkpoint and saves them as individual files in a specified output path.
10349	Restores a TensorFlow session from a checkpoint containing the metagraph.
10350	Parse the tag, instantiate the class.
10351	Render the tag, with all arguments resolved to their actual values.
10352	Validate the syntax of the template tag by checking the number of arguments and keyword arguments against specified minimum and maximum limits.
10353	Return the context data for the included template.
10354	Parse and validate the "as var" syntax for a template.
10355	Returns the context data for the inclusion tag by default, including the value obtained from the `get_value()` method.
10356	Create a TensorFlow Session from a Caffe model.
10357	Freeze and shrink the graph based on a Caffe model, the input tensors, and the output node names.
10358	Save a small version of the graph based on a Caffe model, the input tensors, and the output node names.
10359	Turn a sequence into a list of rows with a specified number of columns.
10360	A function that breaks a sequence into chunks of a specified size, working with strings as well as other iterables. The last chunk may be smaller than the specified size.
10361	Yield every other item from the iterable
10362	Given an iterable with items that may come in as sequential duplicates, remove those duplicates.
10363	A function that retrieves the next value from an iterable while preserving the ability to continue iterating over the entire collection.
10364	Like `takewhile`, but takes a peekable iterable and doesn't consume the non-matching item.
10365	Partition items into bins based on given bin size
10366	Return an iterable version of an object. If the object is not already iterable, returns a tuple containing only the object. If the object is `None`, returns an empty iterable. Maps are treated as singletons.
10367	Calls each callable in `callables` and suppresses any exceptions specified in `exceptions`. If no exceptions are specified, all exceptions are suppressed.
10368	Yield duplicate items from any number of sorted iterables based on a specified key.
10369	Assert that the items in the iterable are in order based on the provided comparison function.
10370	Swap the before and after if the item is missing in the partition_dict result.
10371	Partition ordered dict based on a specified key.
10372	Run through the sequence until n queues are created and return them. If fewer are created, return those plus empty iterables to compensate.
10373	Resets the iterator to the start. Any remaining values in the current iteration are discarded.
10374	Parse "as varname" statement from template token. Return token bits and varname if present.
10375	Decorator to register class tags.
10376	```
Traverses a chain of steps to find a descendant PublicKeychain.
```
10377	Retrieve and format sqlite_master table information as a list of dictionaries.
10378	Yields each node of an object graph in postorder.
10379	Apply selector to obj and return matching nodes. Returns False on syntax error. None if no results found.
10380	Parse a list of tokens and return matched nodes of self.obj.
10381	Parses a full selector and applies it to a set of objects, returning the resulting set of objects that match the selector.
10382	Find nodes in `rhs` which have parents in `lhs`.
10383	Returns nodes from `rhs` which have ancestors in `lhs`.
10384	Return the common ancestor node of `lhs` and `rhs`.
10385	```scss
Used to parse the nth-child production and validate nodes based on the parsed arguments.
```
10386	Applies each validator in `validators` to each node in `obj`. Returns each node that matches all validators.
10387	Sends ICMP echo requests to destination `dst` `count` times and returns a deferred which fires when responses are finished.
10388	Make an HTTP request and return the body.
10389	Expire items in cache older than `age` seconds
10390	Sets a key `k` to value `v` in the store with the current timestamp and persists the change.
10391	Returns key contents, and modify time
10392	Return True if key `k` exists
10393	Verify the chain integrity given a record timestamp. False if the timestamp doesn't fit the chain.
10394	Creates a 'NistBeaconValue' object from a string of JSON representing a NIST randomness beacon value
10395	Convert a string of XML which represents a NIST Randomness Beacon value into a 'NistBeaconValue' object.
10396	Returns a 'minified' version of the javascript content
10397	Handles log file parsing and processing, updating the offset and calling the provided function for each line. If `max_lines` is exceeded, it stores the last lines and returns.
10398	Returns a list of all log lines since the last run, optionally limited to a specified number of lines.
10399	Validate the secret link token and compare it with expected data. If the token data matches the expected data, return the token data; otherwise, return None.
10400	Returns the cryptographic engine
10401	Validate token using multiple supported digest algorithms.
10402	Create a secret link token with optional expiration.
10403	Return the difference between two values, taking into account wrapping at 32 bits, divided by a delta value.
10404	Return the result of a 64-bit counter aggregation, considering wrapping when `b` is less than `a`, by dividing the difference or wrapped difference by `delta`.
10405	Calculate and format an average duration safely
10406	Setting up output processors based on the protocol and configuration
10407	Sets up source objects from the given config
10408	Call to send game event, including players' building info
10409	This method implements a watchdog timer function to monitor and restart sources that have not generated events within a specified interval, based on their configuration settings.
10410	Converts the input format to a regular expression, extracts fields, and raises an exception if the regex compilation fails.
10411	Parse a single line from the log file and returns a dictionary of its contents. Raises an exception if it couldn't parse the line.
10412	Validate that the date in a form field is in the future and within one year from the current date.
10413	Ensure a message is provided when rejecting a request in the form.
10414	Verifies the token from the request arguments and saves it in the session if it's valid.
10415	Return a basic meaningful name based on device type
10416	Do not warn on external images.
10417	Connect receivers to signals.
10418	Create a secret link for a record.
10419	Send an email notification upon the acceptance of an access request.
10420	Send confirmed notifications via email.
10421	Send email validation.
10422	Send an email notification when a request is rejected.
10423	Renders a template and sends an email.
10424	Create a new secret link with an optional expiration date and description.
10425	Validate a secret link token.
10426	Revoke a secret link.
10427	Create a new access request.
10428	Return access request for a specific receiver.
10429	Confirm that senders email is valid.
10430	Accept request and update status to ACCEPTED.
10431	Set the request status to rejected if it is currently pending and send a rejection notification.
10432	Create a secret link with the provided title and optional description and expiration date.
10433	```text
Given properties from a NistBeaconValue, compute the SHA512Hash object.
```
10434	Verify a given NIST message hash and signature for a beacon value.
10435	Returns a boolean indicating whether a record is embargoed based on the 'access_right', 'embargo_date', and the current date.
10436	Create an access request for a record with restricted access, sender details, and validation.
10437	Confirm email address using the provided token. If the token is invalid or the request does not exist, it will redirect to the record page with an error message. If the request is not in the correct state, it will also redirect to the record page with an error message. Otherwise, it will confirm the email address, update the request status, and redirect to the record page with a success message.
10438	Creates a SSH-based endpoint connection for executing the `/bin/cat` command.
10439	Returns the reverse direction of ordering based on the given column.
10440	Get column being ordered by, with optional descending flag.
10441	Get query with correct ordering based on asc and selected attributes.
10442	Open the file referenced in this object and scrape the version.
10443	Sets the version for a given file by reading its content, replacing the line containing a specific magic line with the new version string, and then writing the updated content back to the file. If any exceptions occur during the process, it prints the error message and returns.
10444	Configures SSH client options and initializes SSH client.
10445	Starts the timer for this source and connects the SSH client if required.
10446	Called for every timer tick. It calls `self.get` which can be a deferred and passes the result back to `queueBack` method. It returns a deferred. If `self.sync` is True and `self.running` is True, it returns None. It sets `self.running` to True before executing, sets it to False after execution. It logs an error message if an error occurs during the execution of `_get` method.
10447	List pending access requests and shared links.
10448	Creates a TCP connection to Riemann with automatic reconnection.
10449	Stops the client by stopping the transport, stopping the retrying mechanism, and disconnecting the connector.
10450	Remove events from the queue. If self.queueDepth is set and the queue has more items than self.queueDepth, it removes the maximum of self.queueDepth items. If self.allow_nan is True, it sends all events; otherwise, it sends only events with non-None metrics.
10451	Receives a list of events and transmits them to Riemann.
10452	Establishes a UDP connection to Riemann using server and port configurations.
10453	Sets up HTTP connector and starts queue timer.
10454	encodes an Event object to a Riemann protobuf event Event
10455	Encode a list of Tensor events with protobuf.
10456	Decode a protobuf message into a Tensor events list.
10457	Send a Tensor Event to Riemann and increment the pressure.
10458	Generate preview for URL.
10459	Retrieve preview results for ID.
10460	Send message dicts through r_q, and throw explicit errors for pickle problems
10461	Loop through messages and execute tasks
10462	return true if it's time to log. This is true if the hot loop is active and the time delta is greater than or equal to the log interval.
10463	Sends a response to a previously received challenge, encodes it using base64, and transmits it to the server. Returns the next state of the state machine.
10464	Abort an initiated SASL authentication process and set the state to failure.
10465	Performs the stringprep mapping step of SASLprep. Operates in-place on a list of unicode characters provided in `chars`.
10466	Execute template tag to render footer based on user permissions.
10467	Builds parameters for displaying a datatrans payment form with the given amount and client reference.
10468	Builds and returns the parameters needed to present the user with a datatrans form for registering a credit card.
10469	Charges money using datatrans, given a previously registered credit card alias.
10470	Return full version number, including rc, beta, etc. tags.
10471	Constructs a widget with a layout containing a header with a combo box and an up button, a content splitter with two widgets (a list view and a table view), and a footer with cancel and accept buttons. The table view is populated with a filesystem model using a proxy for sorting and filtering.
10472	Perform post-construction operations, setting window title, sorting file system widget, hiding bookmarks widget, configuring buttons and shortcuts, setting location, and connecting signals.
10473	A keyboard shortcut is added to navigate the filesystem.
10474	Handle activation of item in listing and update accept button status accordingly.
10475	Handles selection of an item in a listing and updates the selection state.
10476	Handle selection of path segment.
10477	Finalize options to be used.
10478	Compiles resource.py using pyside-rcc.
10479	Cleans up the output by removing specified resource files if they exist, or logs a warning if they do not.
10480	Returns new children while canFetchMore is True.
10481	Reload children by resetting them and enabling fetching
10482	Return the icon for the given index.
10483	A function to run an external command in a separate process and detach it from the current process, with options to redirect stdio and specify daemonization.
10484	Returns the maximum file descriptor value.
10485	Close a file descriptor if it is open, raising an error if the fd is invalid.
10486	Close open file descriptors by iterating through a range of file descriptors and closing those that are not excluded.
10487	Redirect a system stream to the provided target.
10488	Applies a given set of HTML attributes to each field widget of a given form.
10489	This function imports a specific module from a given application by its name. It handles cases where the application name may include a configuration class path and checks if the sub-module exists within a package.
10490	Imports modules from registered apps using the given module name and returns them as a list.
10491	Use the ``include_`` template tag to include another template, allowing template variables to be used in the template name and providing an optional fallback template. The tag is compatible with Django 1.8 and later.
10492	Returns Gravatar image URL for a given string or UserModel.
10493	Returns Gravatar image HTML tag for a given string or UserModel.
10494	Checks if the path is absolute, points to a directory, and is not a file.
10495	Checks if the URL contains 's3' as a scheme, netloc, or path. Raises an error if the URL does not contain 's3' and is not using the 'source:' syntax.
10496	Return a valid absolute path from the given filename, which can be either relative or absolute. If the filename is already an absolute path and points to an existing file, it returns the filename as is. Otherwise, it constructs an absolute path by joining the current working directory with the given filename.
10497	Get a list of keys for the accounts.
10498	Build a workflow definition from the cloud_harness task.
10499	Executes the cloud_harness task using the provided workflow JSON or the default one.
10500	Move an active project to the archive.
10501	Creates a directory and its parent directories if they do not exist.
10502	List the contents of the archive directory using the provided patterns.
10503	Restore a project from the archive.
10504	Create new storage service client.
10505	List the entities found directly under the given path.
10506	Download a file from storage service to local disk, overwriting existing files. The function validate storage path, checks if the entity is a file, generates a signed URL, and downloads the file in chunks. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments, server forbidden, not found, or other error codes.
10507	This method checks if a given path exists in the storage service by querying the entity and verifying if the response contains a 'uuid'. It handles specific exceptions for different response codes and returns True if the path exists, otherwise False.
10508	Get the parent entity of the entity pointed by the given path.
10509	Create a directory at the specified path in the storage service. Raises exceptions for various error conditions.
10510	Upload local file content to a storage service destination folder.
10511	Delete an entity from the storage service using its path.
10512	Checks if a given string is a valid storage path, ensuring it starts with a slash and does not contain projects if specified.
10513	Creates a new cross-service client.
10514	Create a new storage service REST client
10515	Get generic entity by UUID.
10516	Set metadata for an entity.
10517	Get metadata of an entity by specifying the entity type and UUID. Validate the UUID, send a request to the endpoint, and return the metadata as a dictionary. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments, forbidden access, not found, or other storage-related errors.
10518	Update the metadata of an entity. Existing non-modified metadata will not be affected. Validate the entity_id and metadata. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments or server response codes.
10519	Delete selected metadata entries from an entity.
10520	List all the projects the user has access to. This function does not retrieve all results; pages must be manually retrieved by the caller.
10521	Returns information on a given project using its UUID, handling potential exceptions based on server response codes.
10522	### Create a new project
Create a new project within a collaboration (collab). Input the collab_id and the other details of the project as a json body, to authenticate the request to the endpoint 'project/'. The response will be a dictionary containing the details of the created project.
10523	Delete a project and recursively delete all its content. Validate the project UUID and handle exceptions for invalid arguments, forbidden actions, not found projects, and other non-20x HTTP errors.
10524	Create a new folder
###
10525	Get information on a given folder using its UUID. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments, forbidden access, not found, or other server response codes.
10526	Delete a folder and recursively delete all its contents. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments, forbidden access, not found, or other non-20x errors.
10527	This interface is used to upload content to a file, which already exists. It allows for optimistic concurrency control using an ETag.
10528	Copy file content from source file to target file.
10529	Download file content based on file ID and optional ETag. Returns ETag and content if updated, or None if not. Raises exceptions on invalid arguments or server errors.
10530	This function retrieves a signed, unauthenticated URL for a file, allowing the file content without a token, and it expires after 5 seconds. It raises exceptions for various error conditions.
10531	Inserts a log record formatted as a dictionary into a MongoDB collection
10532	Sets the service name and version the request should target and returns the request builder instance to chain calls.
10533	Adds headers to the request and returns the builder instance
10534	Adds parameters to the request params and returns the request builder instance to chain calls.
10535	Defines if an exception should be thrown after the request is sent based on a predicate.
10536	Return a sequence containing the fields to be displayed on the changelist.
10537	Spawns a tree of jobs to avoid overloading the number of jobs spawned by a single parent. This function is appropriate to use when batching samples greater than 1,000.
10538	Runs GenotypeGVCFs on one or more gVCFs generated by HaplotypeCaller, and returns a VCF FileStoreID.
10539	Uses Oncotator to add cancer relevant variant annotations to a VCF file.
10540	Sorts the object using a specified sorting function (default sorts by timestamp).
10541	Returns the timestamp portion of the datapoints as a list. The timestamps are in python datetime's date format.
10542	Adds the data from a ConnectorDB export. If it is a stream export, then the folder is the location of the export. If it is a device export, then the folder is the export folder with the stream name as a subdirectory. If it is a user export, you will use the path of the export folder, with the user/device/stream appended to the end.
10543	Shifts all timestamps in the datapoint array by the given number of seconds. Modifies the underlying array in-place.
10544	Returns the sum of the data portions of all datapoints within.
10545	Start the event loop to collect data from the serial device.
10546	Create a new user by prompting for a password and adding the user to the database.
10547	Parse Visual Novel search pages and return a list of dictionaries containing their names and IDs.
10548	Parses a table from a BeautifulSoup object to extract release information into a list of dictionaries. Each dictionary contains the release date, age group, platform, and name.
10549	Parses a page of producer or staff results
10550	Parses a page of character results and returns a list of dictionaries containing character information including name, gender, and game appearances.
10551	Parses a page of tag or trait results and returns a list of tags.
10552	Parses a page of user results
10553	Creates a tarball from a group of files.
10554	Apply a function to a set of files and an output directory
10555	Job version of move_files for one file
10556	Constructs a Spark Submit command with specified parameters, considering user overrides and default settings.
10557	Augments a list of "docker run" arguments with options to map the actual Spark master address to the notional one if they differ.
10558	Refreshes data from the server. It raises an error if it fails to get the object's metadata.
10559	Runs MuTect for variant analysis, handling input files and generating a tarball output.
10560	Creates a device with the specified properties and options. By default, creates private devices, but public devices can be created by setting the 'public' parameter to true. Additional properties can be set using keyword arguments. Streams can also be created simultaneously during device setup, which can speed up the process. However, the schema must be encoded as a string when creating in this format.
10561	Method to retrieve and process the list of streams associated with a device.
10562	Exports the device to a given directory, raising an error if the directory already exists. The directory contains the device's info and each stream is exported separately.
10563	Search vndb.org for a term and return matching results from a specified type.
10564	Dispatcher for parsing search results based on the search type category.
10565	Adds a stream to the query construction with various parameters for interpolation and naming. Supports merge queries and ensures column names are unique.
10566	Invalidates the device's current API key and generates a new one. Resets the current authentication to use the new API key, ensuring future queries fail if they use the old key.
10567	Returns the list of users in the database.
10568	Use BWA to create reference index files.
10569	Returns the ConnectorDB object used by the logger, initializing a new connection if necessary. Raises an error if the logger cannot connect.
10570	Adds a stream to the logger, either by loading it from the database or creating it if a schema is provided. Optionally, can add properties like description or nickname during creation. Requires an active connection to the ConnectorDB database.
10571	Adds a stream to the logger without verifying its existence in the database.
10572	Insert the datapoint into the logger for the given stream name. The logger caches the datapoint and eventually synchronizes it with ConnectorDB.
10573	Attempts to synchronize with the ConnectorDB server by attempting to ping it, retrieving data from the cache, and inserting it into the server, ensuring there are no timestamp conflicts.
10574	Starts the logger background synchronization service, ensuring that inserts into the Logger are synced periodically without manual intervention.
10575	Stops the background synchronization thread.
10576	Job version of `download_url`
10577	Job interface for s3am_upload. Stores the input data to a local directory and then call s3am_upload.
10578	Output the names to the given file
10579	Output the parent-child relations for a given ontology to a file
10580	Calculates the mean insert size from a BAM file by running a Docker container with samtools and processing the output to sum and count the insert sizes, filtering out values less than 10000, and returning the average or a default value if no valid insert sizes are found.
10581	Returns the container ID of the current Docker container as a string. If not inside a container, raises NotInsideContainerError.
10582	Performs alignment of FASTQ files to BAM via STAR. Handles single-end and paired-end data, and optionally outputs wiggle files.
10583	Creates a stream with an optional JSON schema (string or dict) and other properties like icon, datatype, or description. Validates the schema using Draft4Validator and stores the metadata returned by the database.
10584	Exports the stream to the given directory. The directory must not exist. The stream's information and data are written as JSON files. If the stream is a downlink, its data is also written.
10585	Get the device that owns the given stream by extracting data from the stream's path.
10586	An operator that retrieves the labels of terms from a specified ontology using the OLS client.
10587	Iterates over the parent-child relationships in an ontology using the OLSClient.
10588	Prepares and runs the pipeline, handling argument parsing, configuration, and temporary directory management.
10589	Populates an ArgumentParser object with arguments based on a configuration dictionary, optionally using a prefix for keys.
10590	Returns the config file contents as a string. The config file is generated and then deleted.
10591	Returns the path of the mount point of the current container, or raises an error if outside a Docker container or if the Docker daemon is unreachable.
10592	Add an argument to the given arg_parser with the given name.
10593	Return ArgumentParser object with 'no clean', 'cores', and 'restart' arguments.
10594	Creates and returns a list representing a command to run the pipeline
10595	Set the authentication header for the session using a user or API key and password.
10596	Handles HTTP error codes for the given request
10597	Attempts to ping the server using current credentials and returns the path of the currently authenticated device.
10598	Send a POST CRUD API request to the given path using the given data which will be converted to json.
10599	Send an update request to the given path of the CRUD API, updating the data dictionary, which will be converted into JSON.
10600	Send a delete request to the given path of the CRUD API. This deletes the object. Or at least tries to.
10601	Method to subscribe to a stream with a callback and an optional transform function.
10602	Creates a user with the given email and password, and allows setting additional properties and initializing devices and streams.
10603	Method for retrieving the list of devices belonging to the user.
10604	Adapter trimming for RNA-seq data using CutAdapt.
10605	Use SAMtools to create a reference index file and return the FileStoreID for the index.
10606	Runs SAMtools index to create a BAM index file.
10607	`run_sambamba_markdup` function marks reads as PCR duplicates using Sambamba and returns the FileStoreID for the sorted BAM file.
10608	Marks reads as PCR duplicates using SAMBLASTER and returns a FileStoreID for the deduped SAM file.
10609	Runs Picard MarkDuplicates on a coordinate-sorted BAM file, creating a new BAM file with duplicates marked and an index file. Returns the FileStoreIDs for the new BAM and BAI files.
10610	Sorts a BAM file using Picard SortSam according to specified parameters and returns the FileStoreID of the sorted BAM file.
10611	Creates a recalibration table for Base Quality Score Recalibration using GATK, incorporating inputs such as BAM, reference genome, and known sites VCF files, and outputs the recalibration table file.
10612	RNA quantification via Kallisto.
10613	Run RNA quantification with RSEM. Determines RSEM reference files and calls RSEM with paired or single-end parameters. Outputs FileStoreIDs for RSEM's gene and isoform results.
10614	Prepare test set for C++ SAR prediction code. Find all items the test users have seen in the past, and then join with training data to create a prediction set.
10615	Send command through websocket
10616	Given a stream, a callback, and an optional transform, sets up the subscription.
10617	Attempts to connect to a websocket and returns True if the connection is successful, otherwise False.
10618	This method attempts to reconnect to the server after a connection is lost. It calculates a random reconnection time to avoid overwhelming the server and starts a timer to perform the reconnection.
10619	Resubscribe to all existing subscriptions to resume a closed connection.
10620	Called when the websocket is opened.
10621	ConnectorDB:WS: Websocket closed. Turn off the ping timer. Update disconnected time. Reconnect if necessary.
10622	Called when there is an error in the websocket.
10623	This function is called whenever there is a message received from the server. It processes the message, builds the subscription key, and checks if the key is in the subscriptions dictionary. If it is, it calls the corresponding subscription function. If the function returns True, it automatically acknowledges the datapoint by reinserting it in a non-downlink stream. If the function returns not False and not None, and the message is from a downlink, it reinserts the datapoint. If the key is not in the subscriptions dictionary, it logs a warning.
10624	Ensure the websocket connection is active by checking for pings and restarting the connection if the ping timeout occurs.
10625	Isolates a particular variant type from a VCF file using GATK SelectVariants.
10626	Filters VCF file using GATK VariantFiltration and fixes extra pair of quotation marks in VCF header.
10627	Runs either SNP or INDEL variant quality score recalibration using GATK VariantRecalibrator.
10628	Applies variant quality score recalibration to a VCF file using GATK ApplyRecalibration, with options for different modes, filtering levels, and unsafe mode.
10629	Merges VCF files using GATK CombineVariants, with options for specifying reference files and merge behavior.
10630	Perform a quick check on a BAM file using `samtools quickcheck` via Docker to detect obvious BAM errors such as truncation.
10631	Given a dictionary mapping packet types to handler paths or objects, import the handlers based on the dotted path and yield the packet type and handler as pairs. If a wildcard '*' is passed, treat it as a wildcard. If non-string objects are given for packet types or handlers, assume they are the objects to use and yield them.
10632	Write JSON configuration to file.
10633	Gets the configuration for this project from the default JSON file, or writes one if it doesn't exist
10634	Fetches data for a specific term from an ontology based on the provided ontology name and IRI.
10635	Searches the OLS with the given term using specified query fields and returns the response as a dictionary.
10636	Suggest terms from an optional list of ontologies based on a given name.
10637	This interface iterates over the descendants of a given term in a specified ontology.
10638	This function iterates over the labels for the descendants of a given term in a specified ontology.
10639	This interface is used to iterate over the labels of terms in an ontology.
10640	Iterates over parent-child relations for a given ontology, yielding each term's label and its children's labels.
10641	Returns a FileStoreID of the FastQC output (tarball) generated from the input FastQ reads.
10642	Adds the given stream to the query construction with optional parameters for time range, limit, and transformation.
10643	Create and configure a Flask web application.
10644	Starts Spark and HDFS master containers.
10645	Starts Spark and HDFS worker containers. Retries up to 5 times if HDFS does not start successfully.
10646	Starts the Hadoop datanode using the provided job.
10647	Stops Spark and HDFS worker containers.
10648	Checks the status of a Spark worker and an HDFS datanode by querying their container statuses.
10649	Tokenizer. Generates tokens stream from text
10650	Lookup zone ID based on zone string.
10651	Fetch all pieces of a Route 53 config from Amazon. Returns a list of ElementTrees, one for each piece of config.
10652	Merge Route 53 config Etrees into a canonical form.
10653	Validate a changeset for compatibility with Amazon's API spec and return a list of errors if any issues are found.
10654	Orders population members from highest fitness to lowest fitness
10655	Defines a method to calculate the fitness of a population, which is the average fitness score of its members. If the population is empty, returns None.
10656	Return the average cost function return value for all members
10657	Compute the median cost function value for all members, handling cases where there are no members or multiple processes.
10658	Calculates the average parameter values for population members.
10659	Returns a list of Member objects representing the population, either by retrieving them from a pool of processes or directly from the member attribute.
10660	Adds a parameter to the Population with a specified name, minimum value, and maximum value.
10661	Generates the next population from a previously evaluated generation based on mutation rates, maximum mutation amounts, and logarithmic base settings.
10662	Normalize configuration keys to a consistent format.
10663	Return a generator with environmental variables having the prefix "PIP_".
10664	Check if a callable throws any of the specified exceptions.
10665	Transforms a list of PyPI hits into a list of packages with versions and additional information.
10666	Convert the result back into the input type.
10667	Convert all tags in an HTML tree to XHTML by moving them to the XHTML namespace.
10668	Convert all tags in an XHTML tree to HTML by removing their XHTML namespace.
10669	Return an HTML string representation of the document.
10670	Opens an HTML document in a web browser by saving it to a temporary file and displaying the file's URL.
10671	Removes this element from the tree, including its children and text. Joins the tail text to the previous element or parent.
10672	Removes the tag from an element, merging its children and text into its parent.
10673	Returns the first element with the given id in a document, or a default value if provided, or raises KeyError if none is found. Note that there may be multiple elements with the same id.
10674	Run the CSS expression on this element and its children, returning a list of the results.
10675	Iterate through the attributes of every logger's handler to switch out stderr and stdout in tests when buffer is True
10676	return counts that are set via pyt environment variables when pyt runs the test
10677	Returns True if only a single class is being run or some tests within a single class.
10678	Returns True if only a module is being run
10679	Validate request parameters to ensure they are either a list or a dictionary.
10680	Validate if the 'id' in the request is of the correct type (string, int, or None). Raise an assertion error if the id is incorrect.
10681	Ensure that the given path is decoded using the correct encoding. Return `None` if no encoding works.
10682	Escape HTML or string values in the iterable for the given object.
10683	Return the Python codec name corresponding to an encoding or None if the string doesn't correspond to a valid encoding.
10684	Attempts to detect a Byte Order Mark (BOM) at the start of a stream. If an encoding can be determined from the BOM, it returns the name of the encoding; otherwise, it returns None.
10685	Selects the new remote address from the given list of IPs in X-Forwarded-For, picking the one from the `num_proxies` proxy server. Before version 0.9, it always picked the first.
10686	Return the amount as a Decimal from various input types
10687	Parse a string of HTML data into an Element tree using the BeautifulSoup parser.
10688	Parse a file into an ElemenTree using the BeautifulSoup parser.
10689	Converts a BeautifulSoup tree to a list of Element trees. Returns a list of root elements to support HTML-like soup with more than one root element. You can pass a different Element factory through the `makeelement` keyword.
10690	Retrieve the current exception info as a `Traceback` object, optionally ignoring system exceptions and show hidden frames.
10691	Return a string representation of the exception
10692	Renders a traceback for the interactive console, including frames and a title based on the exception type.
10693	Return a generator for the traceback.
10694	Helper function that returns lines with extra information such as marking function definitions and the current line.
10695	Render the source code by joining the rendered lines from annotated lines using a line separator.
10696	Pull the version part out of a string.
10697	Returns the locations found via self.index_urls, using the main index url to produce all locations.
10698	uFind all available versions for a given project name by checking various sources, including index URLs, find links, and dependency links.
10699	Try to find an InstallationCandidate for a given requirement, considering whether an upgrade is needed. Raises exceptions if no matching distribution is found or if the best version is already installed.
10700	Returns elements of links in order with non-egg links first, followed by egg links, while eliminating duplicates.
10701	Returns the Content-Type of the given URL using a HEAD request.
10702	Yields all links in the page.
10703	Returns True if the link can be verified, False if it cannot, and None if verification cannot be determined.
10704	Return filenames for a package's data files in a specified directory.
10705	Filter filenames for package's data files in 'src_dir' while excluding specified patterns.
10706	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
10707	Generator joins lines ending in '\' with the previous line.
10708	Strips and filters empty or commented lines.
10709	Compile a marker into a function that accepts an environment dict and applies an override if provided.
10710	Ensure statement only contains allowed nodes.
10711	Flatten one level of attribute access.
10712	Convert a value to a float or int if possible, otherwise return the original value.
10713	Create a decorator to retain the current request context when working with greenlets.
10714	Increase the reference count and bind the app context to the current context.
10715	Pop the app context and handle teardown if necessary.
10716	Creates a copy of this request context with the same request object.
10717	Matches the request URL and retrieves associated view arguments.
10718	Binds the request context to the current context. If an exception occurs in debug mode or if context preservation is activated under exception situations, exactly one context stays on the stack. Before pushing the request context, ensures there is an application context. If not, pushes a new application context. Opens the session when the request context is available, allowing custom open_session methods to use the request context.
10719	### Summary:
Make a filename relative to a specified directory path. Adjust the `path` to be relative to `rel_to` by removing any common leading directory parts and adding the remaining path parts prefixed with `..`. special cases when both paths are the same or one is a subdirectory of the other.
10720	Check if a given distribution is installed in editable mode.
10721	Registers a function as a URL value preprocessor for the blueprint. It's called before the view functions and can modify the URL values provided.
10722	Define a callback function for URL defaults for the blueprint. It updates the URL default functions with the endpoint and values.
10723	Registers an error handler specific to this blueprint.
10724	A function to keep the request context alive for a streaming response in Flask.
10725	Generates a response object from the given arguments with the option to set additional headers.
10726	A function that generates a URL for a given endpoint with optional variables, external flag, scheme, anchor, and method. It handles blueprint-specific endpoints, external URL generation with custom schemes, and raises a `BuildError` if the endpoint is not found.
10727	Safely join `directory` and `filename`. Raises `NotFound` if the resulting path falls out of `directory`.
10728	Returns the path to a package or cwd if that cannot be found. This returns the path of a package or the folder that contains a module. Not to be confused with the package path returned by :func:`find_package`.
10729	Get the Jinja loader for the package bound object.
10730	Prints the completion code of the given shell.
10731	Retrieve the cookie domain configured for sessions. If not explicitly set, infer it from the server name, ensuring it's not .localhost and compatible with browsers.
10732	Return a directory to store cached wheels in for a given link. Use a key url generated from the link and hash, then encode it with sha224 to generate a nested directory structure for caching wheels.
10733	Function to check if a wheel should be placed in the purelib directory.
10734	Yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on RECORD-without-.pyc.
10735	Raises errors or warns if called with an incompatible Wheel-Version. Specifically, it checks if the provided version is a major series ahead of the compatible version and raises an exception. It also warns when the version is only a minor version ahead.
10736	Build one wheel and store it in the specified output directory.
10737	Yield names and strings used by `code` and its nested code objects
10738	For use as a decorator of instance methods - ensures rates are fresh within the last 5 minutes by calling the `refresh` method if the last update time is older than 5 minutes.
10739	Add paths for egg-info files for an external egg-base.
10740	Write the pip delete marker file into the specified directory.
10741	determine if the script is running within a virtual environment
10742	Get the effective username of the current process for the current OS.
10743	Return a distutils install scheme based on distribution name and user preferences.
10744	Parse the cache control headers into a dictionary.
10745	Checks if a cached response exists for a given request URL and returns it if it is fresh, otherwise returns False.
10746	Algorithm for caching requests based on response status and headers.
10747	Update zipimporter cache data for a given normalized path. Process sub-path entries, apply an updater callable to modify cache entries, and handle cache invalidation based on the updater's output.
10748	This function loads a template script and prepares it for use, with an option for a development version.
10749	Make sure there's a site.py in the target dir, if needed. Check if the existing site.py is a setuptools-generated one. If not, raise an error. If necessary, create or update the site.py with the required content and byte compile it. Set the site.py installation flag to True.
10750	Write changed .pth file back to disk.
10751	Converts values to an appropriate type, replacing dicts, lists, and tuples with their converting alternatives. Also checks and converts strings based on a conversion format.
10752	Add filters to a filterer from a list of names.
10753	Configures a logging handler using a dictionary, setting formatter, level, filters, and other properties.
10754	Add handlers to a logger from a list of names.
10755	Configures the logger by setting its level and handlers, handling both incremental and non-incremental updates.
10756	Python 3 implementation of execfile that handles line endings and executes a Python script in the given global and local namespaces.
10757	Monkey-patch tempfile.tempdir with replacement, ensuring it exists
10758	Prefixes stub URLs like 'user@hostname:user/repo.git' with 'ssh://'.
10759	Retrieves an item or attribute of an object, preferring the item, and handles cases where the item is not found or an error occurs.
10760	Internal hook that allows overriding the generate method.
10761	Compiles and stores Jinja2 templates in a specified target directory or ZIP file, with options for compression, error handling, and byte-compilation.
10762	Determine the default cache location
10763	Find eggs in zip files; possibly multiple nested eggs.
10764	Iterate over a directory on a sys.path and yield distributions available on it.
10765	Declare that package 'packageName' is a namespace package.
10766	Get an mro for a type or classic class
10767	Return an adapter factory for `ob` from `registry`.
10768	Ensure that the parent directory of `path` exists.
10769	Yield entry point objects from `group` matching `name`. If `name` is `None`, yield all entry points in `group` from all distributions in the working set. Otherwise, yield only ones matching both `group` and `name` (in distribution order).
10770	Is distribution `dist` acceptable for this environment?
10771	Find distribution best matching `req` and usable on `working_set`
10772	Evaluates a PEP 426 environment marker on CPython 2.4+ and returns a boolean indicating the marker result in the current environment. Raises a SyntaxError if the marker is invalid.
10773	Evaluate a PEP 426 environment marker using markerlib and return a boolean result indicating whether the marker is satisfied in the current environment. Raise a SyntaxError if the marker is invalid.
10774	Returns a formatted log message with an increased indentation level.
10775	Return formatted currency value based on the specified locale and formatting options.
10776	Parse number format patterns and extract relevant components such as positive and negative prefixes and suffixes, integer and fraction precision, and exponentiation details.
10777	Return the minimal quantum of a number based on the given precision.
10778	Returns the maximum precision of a decimal instance's fractional part. Precision is extracted from the fractional part only.
10779	Returns normalized scientific notation components of a value.
10780	Convert a timedelta to seconds with compatibility for Python 2.6
10781	Yield ``Requirement`` objects for each specification in `strs`.
10782	Protect against re-patching the distutils if reloaded. Ensures that no other distutils extension monkeypatched the distutils first.
10783	Verify that the install_requires attribute is a valid requirements list.
10784	```plaintext
Fetch an egg needed for building.
```
10785	Rolls n-sided dice and prints each result and the total if rolling multiple dice.
10786	Ensures that string prices are converted into Price objects.
10787	Price field for attrs.
10788	Validate JSON-RPC request and raise invalid request error if any validation fails.
10789	Get request method for service application.
10790	Applies a method with arguments and handles exceptions by logging errors.
10791	Deprecated functionality: Returns the name of the current module if the request was dispatched to an actual module; use blueprints instead.
10792	Copyright (C) 2023 by your company name.
All Rights Reserved.
10793	Monkeypatch the `files` object in a Flask request if it does not use multipart form data but the files object is accessed.
10794	Factory to create an abstract dist object based on the installation requirements.
10795	Adds a new requirement to the installation set, handling markers, economy names, and avoiding duplicates.
10796	Call handler for all pending requirements. The handler is called for a single requirement which can return additional requirements to install. The method avoids potential mutation errors during iteration by creating a list of requirements.
10797	Checks if the requirement should be skipped. Returns a reason for skipping or None.
10798	Topological order of installation based on requirements.
10799	Return sorted list of all package namespaces
10800	Convert QuerySet objects to their list counter-parts
10801	Given a document and an annotation, this function tokenizes the document while adding the annotation attribute to each token and returns the annotated tokens.
10802	Merge and update annotations from tokens_old into tokens_new when tokens in the new document already exist.
10803	Copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest.
10804	Compresses adjacent tokens with the same annotation when there is no HTML between them
10805	Serialize tokens into text chunks, applying markup_func to add annotations.
10806	Returns a generator of the chunks of text for the data in the tokens.
10807	locate_unbalanced_end locates the unbalanced end tag and attempts to move the point earlier in the document if it's not empty, by checking the next tag and handling insert or delete tags.
10808	Converts a list of chunks into a list of tokens by processing each chunk based on its type and extracting relevant information.
10809	Takes an lxml element and generates text chunks for that tag, including start and end tags and their contents. Yields image sources and hrefs if specified.
10810	Given some text this function will split it into words and include trailing whitespace on each word when appropriate.
10811	Generates the text representation of the start tag for an XML element, including its attributes.
10812	The function `end_tag` generates the text representation of an HTML end tag, appending a trailing whitespace if the element has a non-empty tail and the tail starts with whitespace characters.
10813	Serializes a single lxml element as HTML, including its tail. If `skip_outer` is true, it omits the outermost tags.
10814	fixup_ins_del_tags that works on an lxml document in-place
10815	Extract the constant value of 'symbol' from 'code'. If 'symbol' is bound to a constant value, return that value. If 'symbol' is bound to an expression, return 'default'. Otherwise, return 'None'. The return value is based on the first assignment to 'symbol'. 'symbol' must be a global or at least a non-"fast" local in the code block. Only 'STORE_NAME' and 'STORE_GLOBAL' opcodes are checked, and 'symbol' must be present in 'code.co_names'.
10816	Returns a simplified URL for caching a query with specified parameters and region.
10817	Turns any URLs in an element into clickable links, avoiding elements and hosts specified in the parameters.
10818	Kills any IE conditional comments in the HTML document.
10819	Parse a whole document into a string.
10820	Define a decorator to validate the return schema of an API. It checks if the response status code is in the allowed list and if the returned object is a JSON object. If the validation fails, it returns a bad request response in debug and test modes and logs a warning in production mode unless the 'strict' setting is overwritten.
10821	Gets a TreeWalker class for various types of tree with built-in support
10822	export the svn repository to the location
10823	Returns the maximum revision for all files under a given location
10824	Wraps a method to perform a debug check on the first request handling.
10825	Get the name of the application.
10826	Returns the value of the `PROPAGATE_EXCEPTIONS` configuration value if set, otherwise returns a default value based on `self.testing` and `self.debug`.
10827	Method tries to locate the instance path if not provided to the constructor, calculating the path to a folder named ``instance`` next to your main file or the package.
10828	Update template context with common variables like request, session, config, and g, and apply template context processors.
10829	Handles an HTTP exception. By default, this will invoke the registered error handlers and fall back to returning the exception as a response.
10830	Checks if an HTTP exception should be trapped or not based on configuration settings.
10831	Handles exceptions, re-raising them or logging and returning a 500 internal server error as appropriate
10832	Reraise routing exceptions, but handle redirect requests for non-GET/HEAD/OPTIONS methods by raising a different error to aid debugging.
10833	Dispatches the request and handles request pre and postprocessing, as well as HTTP exception catching and error handling.
10834	Returns the default CORS OPTIONs response.
10835	Creates a URL adapter for the given request.
10836	Injects default values for a URL endpoint into a dictionary.
10837	Yield unique values in iterable, preserving order.
10838	Place the runtime requirements from pkg_info into metadata.
10839	Compose the version predicates for requirement in PEP 345 fashion.
10840	Convert a .egg-info directory containing PKG-INFO to the Metadata 1.3 format, updating the version and handling dependencies and descriptions accordingly.
10841	Import modules from specified paths while handling exceptions and minimizing namespace collisions.
10842	Iterates through modules, filters classes based on a partial class name, and yields subclasses of `unittest.TestCase`.
10843	Utility method to return test methods that match a specified name pattern
10844	Checks if a name combined with test prefixes or postfixes is found anywhere in a list of basenames.
10845	Return true if the passed in path is a test module path. Path is considered valid if it starts or ends with the module test prefixes or postfixes.
10846	Walk all the directories of `basedir`, except hidden directories, and yield the result in the same format as `os.walk`.
10847	Given a basedir, yield all test module paths recursively found in basedir that are test modules.
10848	Adds default arguments for dump functions, setting 'cls', 'ensure_ascii', and 'sort_keys' based on the current application's configuration or default values.
10849	Parse default values for argument
10850	Sets multiple keys and values from a mapping, returning whether all keys have been set.
10851	Increment the value of a key by `delta`. If the key does not yet exist it is initialized with `delta`.
10852	Serializes integers as regular strings and pickles other objects.
10853	Generate a dictionary of query string parameters from a given editable URL. Raises an exception if a parameter is already defined.
10854	Ensure that if a link can be found for this, that it is found. Note that self.link may still be None - if upgrade is False and the requirement is already installed.
10855	Ensures that a source directory is set by either using the existing `source_dir` or creating a temporary build directory if it is not known yet. Returns the `source_dir`.
10856	Remove the source files from this requirement, if they are marked for deletion.
10857	Return a pkg_resources.Distribution built from self.egg_info_path
10858	Reads the buffered incoming data from the client into one bytestring.
10859	Automatically modify the headers of the response for a given WSGI environment. This includes joining the location header with the root URL of the environment and setting the content length to zero for certain status codes.
10860	Converts any unicode-based IRI to an acceptable ASCII URI.
10861	Return the user-specific cache directory for the specified application. Follows platform-specific guidelines for cache directory locations.
10862	Returns the full path to the user-specific data directory for the specified application, considering the operating system and whether to use the roaming directory.
10863	Return full path to the user-specific log dir for the application.
10864	Return full path to the user-specific config dir for this application.
10865	Return a list of potential user-shared config directories for the specified application based on the operating system.
10866	Iterate over all relevant Python files, including those from modules, folders of loaded modules, and files accessible through packages.
10867	Restart a new Python interpreter with the same arguments and run the reloader thread.
10868	Wrapper around six.text_type to convert None to empty string
10869	Return an existing CA bundle path, or None.
10870	Parse a string or file-like object into a tree using specified parser.
10871	Parse a HTML document into a well-formed tree. stream - a filelike object or string containing the HTML to be parsed. The optional encoding parameter must be a string that indicates the encoding. If specified, that encoding will be used, regardless of any BOM or later declaration (such as in a meta element).
10872	Parse a HTML fragment into a well-formed tree fragment.
10873	Given a word, return a list of probable matches sorted by their probability in descending order. If the word is not found, raise a NoMatchError.
10874	Converts lines from a file to a list of tokens and a dictionary of tokens.
10875	Binds and activates an HTTP server.
10876	Report startup info to stdout.
10877	Loads bytecode from a file or file-like object, checking the magic header and checksum before loading the code.
10878	Return a copy of paramsDict, updated with non-None kwargsDict entries, wrapped as stylesheet arguments.
10879	Run a VCS subcommand with additional functionality.
10880	Return implementation version
10881	Yield egg or source distribution objects based on basename
10882	Find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in a webpage, yielding URLs.
10883	Helper function to handle local resource requests; it reads local file or serves a directory listing if the path is a directory.
10884	Evaluate a URL as a possible download and/or retrieve its metadata, handling redirects and updating scanned and fetched URLs accordingly.
10885	Remove duplicate entries from sys.path and convert them to absolute paths
10886	Return a set containing all existing directory entries from sys.path
10887	Add a new path to known_paths by combining sitedir and 'name' or execute sitedir if it starts with 'import'
10888	Add 'sitedir' argument to sys.path if missing and handle .pth files in 'sitedir'
10889	Check if user site directory is safe for inclusion The function tests for the command line flag (including environment var), process uid/gid equal to effective uid/gid.
10890	Adds a per-user site-packages directory to `sys.path` if `ENABLE_USER_SITE` is true. The user-specific directory is determined based on the operating system and `PYTHONUSERBASE` environment variable. If the directory exists, it is added to the `known_paths` list using `addsitedir`.
10891	Defines new built-in functions 'quit' and 'exit' that display a hint on how to exit based on the operating system.
10892	On Windows, alias default encodings that are not provided by Python to "mbcs."
10893	Sets the string encoding used by the Unicode implementation. The default is 'ascii', but it can be changed if desired.
10894	Force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed after all packages inside the virtualenv. Maintain the "least surprise" result that packages in the virtualenv always mask global packages, never the other way around.
10895	Adjust the special classpath `sys.path` entries for Jython by sorting them above the base virtualenv lib directories.
10896	Open a subprocess without blocking using `subprocess.Popen` and replace any output streams with queues of lines from those streams.
10897	Return True if Cython or Pyrex can be imported.
10898	Replace sources with `.pyx` extensions with sources with the target language extension. Cython is allowed to compile `.pyx` files if available.
10899	Run the application and conserve the traceback frames.
10900	Method for retrieving and returning a static resource from a shared folder.
10901	Returns a string representing the user agent with detailed information about the installer, Python interpreter, implementation, distribution, and system.
10902	Returns true if the name looks like a URL.
10903	Unpacks a file from a URL into a specified location. If a download directory is provided and the link points to a file, copies the file into the download directory. Checks the hash of the file if it exists. Extracts and unpacks the archive to the specified location. If the download directory is specified and the file is not already downloaded, copies the file into the download directory.
10904	Download a link URL into a temporary directory using the provided session, handle HTTP errors, extract content type, filename, and save the file.
10905	check download\_dir for previously downloaded file with correct hash If a correct file is found return its path else None
10906	Handle currencyFormat subdirectives.
10907	Handle exchange subdirectives.
10908	Decodes the data passed in and potentially flushes the decoder, handling any potential errors during the decoding process.
10909	Default template context processor. Injects `request`, `session` and `g`.
10910	Renders the template and fires the signal.
10911	Renders a template from the template folder with the given context.
10912	A function that renders a template from a string using the current application context and the provided variables.
10913	Use `pkg_resources.parse_version` if available, otherwise use `distutils.version.LooseVersion`.
10914	Check if a name is declared in the current scope or in any outer scope.
10915	Handle different contexts of name assignments and manage identifiers accordingly.
10916	Handles includes with optional optimization and error handling for missing templates.
10917	Visit named imports and process them according to the given node and frame.
10918	Create a whl file from all the files under 'base_dir'. Places .dist-info at the end of the archive.
10919	Allow function calls to be executed atomically with an optional reentrant lock
10920	Creates a service and starts a server with the given application, host, port, report message, and provider class.
10921	URL escapes a single bytestring or unicode string with the given charset if applicable to URL safe quoting under all rules that need to be considered under all supported Python versions. If non strings are provided they are converted to their unicode representation first.
10922	Returns a list of wheels that satisfy a given requirement.
10923	Marshal command-line arguments into a requirement set.
10924	Exports a Bazaar repository to a destination location after unpacking it to a temporary directory.
10925	Lookup an Amazon Product.
10926	Iterates over all pages, yielding lxml root elements until no more pages are available.
10927	Get this browse node's immediate ancestor in the browse node tree.
10928	Method for retrieving this browse node's children in the browse node tree.
10929	Get a child element of root (multiple levels deep) failing silently if any descendant does not exist.
10930	Get element text as a string or None, safely handling the case where the element does not exist.
10931	Gets element as datetime.date or None.
10932	Get Offer Price and Currency.
10933	List the price and currency code from the item attributes.
10934	Send a request and cache the response if necessary.
10935	Build a response by optionally making a request or using the cache, updating or caching the response based on its status and headers, and potentially invalidating the cache for certain invalidating methods.
10936	Return a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment.
10937	Convert a string to title case, where each word starts with an uppercase letter and all other characters are lowercase.
10938	sort an iterable in ascending or descending order based on the specified attributes, case sensitivity and reverse option
10939	Function to group a sequence of objects by a common attribute.
10940	Applies a filter on a sequence of objects or looks up an attribute.
10941	Creates a custom logger for a given application that adjusts its logging level based on the application's debug flag. It also ensures that any existing handlers for the logger are removed before adding the new custom handler.
10942	Returns True if the two strings are equal in constant time, False otherwise.
10943	Verifies the given signature matches the expected signature.
10944	Derive a key based on the specified method, using a salt and secret key.
10945	Returns the signature for the given value.
10946	Signs the given string with a separator and signature.
10947	Verifies the signature for the given value.
10948	Converts a signed string to an unsigned string by verifying its signature.

- **Parameters**:
  - `signed_value` (str): The signed string to be converted.

- **Returns**:
  - str: The unsigned string if the signature is valid.

- **Raises**:
  - `BadSignature`: If the signature does not match.
10949	Signs the given string by appending a timestamp and a signature.
10950	Validates a signed value to check if the signature exists and is valid. Returns `True` if valid, `False` otherwise.
10951	Returns a signed string serialized with the internal serializer. The return value can be either a byte or unicode string depending on the format of the internal serializer.
10952	Generate a JSON-RPC server error response and raise a ServiceException.
10953	Return a list of all Python packages found within a specified directory.
10954	Exclude any apparent package that apparently doesn't include its parent. For example, exclude 'foo.bar' if 'foo' is not present.
10955	Returns all subdirectories in the specified `base_path`, relative to `base_path`.
10956	Verify request headers match cached response Vary headers and construct a real urllib3 HTTPResponse object.
10957	Remove RECORD.jws from a wheel by truncating the zip file.
10958	Unpacks a wheel file to a specified destination directory.
10959	Regenerate the entry_points console_scripts for the named distribution.
10960	Parse the xdot format of the graph and set the _draw_ and _ldraw_ attributes for each of the graph sub-elements.
10961	Parses the Xdot attributes of all graph components and adds the components to a new canvas.
10962	Returns a node given an ID or None if no such node exists.
10963	Sets the connection string for all edges
10964	Handles the list of edges for any graph changing and ensures that all edge nodes exist in the graph.
10965	Handles the component being changed by removing the old component from the canvas and adding the new component.
10966	Handles a left mouse double-click event in the 'normal' state, opening a Traits UI view for the referenced 'element' trait if the click occurs on a recognized component.
10967	Handles the change of the diagram canvas and adds tools to it.
10968	Removes all components from the canvas by creating a new canvas, copying selected traits from the old canvas, and updating the viewport.
10969	Handles the domain model changing by unmapping the old model and mapping the new model
10970	Maps a domain model to the diagram by creating a PyDot graph, iterating through the diagram nodes, and referencing elements.
10971	Removes listeners from a domain model
10972	Handles mapping elements to diagram components by adding new elements and updating the diagram, and removing elements when they are no longer needed
10973	This method styles a node by setting various attributes such as shape, fixed size, width, height, color, fill color, and styles using the provided `dot_attrs`. It uses `pydot_node` to apply these style attributes and returns the styled `pydot_node`.
10974	Parses xdot data and returns the associated components.
10975	Sets the font size
10976	Convert tokens to an ellipse component.
10977	Returns the components of a polygon from the given tokens and filled status.
10978	Returns the components of a polyline.
10979	Return text components.
10980	Returns the components of an image.
10981	Allow direct use of GridOut GridFS file wrappers as endpoint responses.
10982	Save the given object to a file.
10983	Load the file.
10984	Test if the point is within this ellipse.
10985	Draws the component bounds for testing purposes.
10986	Open a wizard to create a new graph. The wizard is displayed and if the user clicks OK, the wizard's 'finished' attribute is set to True.
10987	Constructs the SQLAlchemy engine and session factory
10988	This method parses a `.dot` code string using a `GodotDataParser`, replaces the existing model with the parsed graph, and updates the internal state.
10989	Handles the "New Graph" action, checks if a graph is already initialized, and allows the user to confirm replacing it if so.
10990	Handles the open action.
10991	Handles saving the current model to the last file. If the file does not exist, it saves the model using the `save_as` method. Otherwise, it opens the file in binary write mode, converts the model to a string, and writes it to the file. The file is then closed.
10992	Handles saving the current model to a file using a file dialog.
10993	Handles the display of the graph dot traits.
10994	Handles display of the nodes editor.
10995	Handles display of the edges editor.
10996	Handles displaying a view about Godot
10997	Handles adding a Node to the graph and ensures its initialization.
10998	Adds an Edge to the graph if the input information is initialized and the graph is not None.
10999	This method handles adding a Subgraph to the main graph.
11000	Handles adding a Cluster to the main graph.
11001	Displays a dialog for graph selection if more than one exists and returns the selected graph or the model if no selection is made. If the dialog is canceled, it returns None.
11002	Handles display of the options menu.
11003	Handles display of the dot code in a text editor.
11004	Handles the user attempting to exit Godot.
11005	Move the bottom-left corner of the components to the origin.
11006	Save the object to a given file-like object in the given format.
11007	Load an object from a file-like object using the specified format. If the format is not specified, it defaults to the format attribute of the class. The method raises a ValueError if the format is unknown.
11008	Save the object to file given by filename.
11009	Return an instance of the class that is saved in the file with the given filename in the specified format.
11010	Create a syntactically concise alias trait that dynamically creates property functions for a given name.
11011	```plaintext
Generate a word stream from a file.
```
11012	Returns a cached list of keys that can be used to generate sentences, filtering out words that do not start with an uppercase letter and end with a punctuation mark.
11013	Adding a new chain to the current shelve file, setting its name and order. Raises an error if a chain with the same name already exists.
11014	Remove chain from current shelve file
11015	Build a MarkovChain based on the given source on top of existing chain.
11016	Generate a simple sentence using a MarkovChain, starting with an uppercase letter and having no length limit.
11017	Create and return a representation of the graph using a given Graphviz layout program, according to the specified format.
11018	Add a node to the graph.
11019	Removes a node from the graph. If a node object is provided, it is removed directly. If an ID is provided, the corresponding node is retrieved and removed. If the node does not exist, a ValueError is raised.
11020	Returns the node with the given ID or None.
11021	Removes an edge from the graph. Returns the deleted edge or None.
11022	Adds an edge to the graph.
11023	Adds a subgraph or cluster to the graph. If the input is not a subgraph or cluster, it creates a new one based on the input.
11024	Handles the Graphviz layout program selection changing and checks if the selected program exists.
11025	Maintains each edge's list of available nodes
11026	Parse a DOT file and return a Godot graph.
11027	Parse a dot file and return a graph. If a string is provided, open the file and read its contents; otherwise, use the provided file object. Convert the data to a graph using `parse_dot_data`.
11028	Build a Godot graph instance from parsed data.
11029	Builds a Godot graph based on a sequence of tokens representing graph operations.
11030	Given a duration in seconds, determines the best units and multiplier to use to display the time. Return value is a 2-tuple of units and multiplier.
11031	Formats a number of seconds into a human-readable string using the most appropriate time unit.
11032	Handle the file path changing, update the file name and graph.
11033	Creates the toolkit-specific control that represents the editor and returns it.
11034	Split a sequence into pieces of length n. Discard the rest if the length isn't a multiple of n. Note that splitting strings into individual characters.
11035	Yields sublists (windows) of a given length and overlap over an iterable. Successive windows overlap by the specified amount. Optionally pads the last window with None if it's shorter than the desired length.
11036	Runs Godot application with specified plugins.
11037	Gets the children of the given object, including subgraphs, clusters, nodes, and edges.
11038	Appends a child to the object's children based on its type.
11039	Inserts a child into the object's children based on the type of the child.
11040	Deletes a child at a specified index from the object's children based on the type of child.
11041	Sets up or removes a listener for children being replaced on a specified object.
11042	Sets up or removes a listener for children being changed on a specified object.
11043	Method for retrieving the label to display for a specified object. it checks if the label starts with '=' and returns the label without the first character. If the label does not start with '=', it retrieves the label from the object using the label attribute as a key. If a formatter is available, it applies the formatter to the object and the label; otherwise, it returns the label as is.
11044	Sets the label for a specified object.
11045	Sets up or removes a listener for the label being changed on a specified object.
11046	Initializes the editor by creating the underlying toolkit widget and setting up a graph editor.
11047	Updates the editor when the object trait changes externally, graphing new objects and adding listeners.
11048	Adds event listeners for a specified object.
11049	Handles a list of nodes being set.
11050	Handles addition and removal of nodes.
11051	Adds nodes to the graph for each item in 'features' using the GraphNodes from the editor factory and arranges all nodes.
11052	Handles a list of edges being set by deleting the old edges and adding the new edges.
11053	Handles addition and removal of edges.
11054	Adds edges to the graph using GraphEdges from the editor factory for each item in 'features'.
11055	Handles parsing Xdot drawing directives and positions components relative to their container.
11056	Handles the containers of drawing components being set
11057	Given keyword arguments, create a new node and assign it a unique ID. If a `__table_editor__` keyword argument is present, use its value to get a unique ID. Otherwise, generate a random 6-character ID.
11058	Returns a new edge with a unique ID, created based on the nodes in a graph managed by a table editor. If the table editor is not provided, it returns None.
11059	Attach this connection's default database to the context using our alias.
11060	parses the drawing directive, updating the node components.
11061	Parses the label drawing directive and updates the label components.
11062	Handles the container of drawing components changing by removing the old component and adding the new one. Adjusts the component's position and requests a redraw.
11063	Handles the position of the component changing and updates the position based on the new value and the dimensions of the component.
11064	Handles the Graphviz position attribute changing and updates the component's position accordingly.
11065	Return False to prevent visiting of children.
11066	pypyr step saves current utc datetime to context.
11067	Draws a closed polygon using the given graphics context (gc).
11068	Test if a point is within this polygonal region
11069	Draws the Bezier component using the provided points and pen properties.
11070	Broadcasts an event to the database connections registered.
11071	Method is executed when the Worker thread starts. It retrieves items from `in_queue`, processes them using `func`, and stores the results in `out_queue` until the `stopper` is set.
11072	Return the full, external URL for a page with an optional URL scheme.
11073	Render links for previous and next pages as rel=prev and rel=next in a Markup object.
11074	Renders the rel=canonical, rel=prev, and rel=next links to a Markup object for injection into a template.
11075	Is the candidate an exact match or sub-type of the pattern?
11076	Selects the best content type from requested and available options based on content negotiating algorithms.
11077	Modify a URL by updating various components such as scheme, host, path, query, and fragment.
11078	Splits the given URL into parts, extracts the authorization portion, removes the username and password, and returns a tuple containing the authorization and the sanitized URL.
11079	Generate the user+password portion of a URL.
11080	Normalize a host for a URL by encoding with IDNA or percent-encoding and applying restrictions based on the scheme and length.
11081	Attempts to list all of the modules and submodules found within a given directory tree. This function searches the top-level of the directory tree for potential Python modules and returns a list of candidate names. Only directories containing an `__init__.py` file are considered.
11082	Attempts to list all of the modules and submodules found within a given directory tree. This function recursively searches the directory tree for potential Python modules and returns a list of candidate names. **Note:** This function returns a list of strings representing discovered module names, not the actual, loaded modules.
11083	Recursively searches for submodules under a given module, considering both default and extended paths through sys.meta_path hooks. Raises ImportError if the module cannot be loaded.
11084	Attempts to list all of the classes within a specified module and apply a filter function to determine which classes to include in the list.
11085	Attempts to list all of the classes within a given module namespace, recursing into submodules. Optionally filters classes using a provided function.
11086	Ensure a directory exists and create it if it doesn't.
11087	Store text contents with a given key for later retrieval.
11088	Checks if a credit card number passes the Luhn mod-10 checksum.
11089	Return the git hash as a string.
11090	Loads a module's code and sets the module's expected hidden variables.
11091	Adds a path to the searchable list.
11092	Searches the specified paths for the provided module_name
11093	Split a line of text into multiple lines, each with a length between a minimum and maximum value, while preserving the original indentation and avoiding splitting words.
11094	Remove all namespaces from an lxml.etree document
11095	Checks that the versions are consistent, ensuring they match the desired version and handling optional parameters for package inclusion and strictness.
11096	Creates a new instance of a rule using details from a config file, updating the class dictionary with the added details. Only called when parsing the default config file.
11097	Merges a dictionary into the Rule object.
11098	Iterates over the actions and executes them in order.
11099	Creates a new instance of a rule by merging two dictionaries. This allows for independent configuration files to be merged into the defaults.
11100	Adds extra details to the message, such as Flask request details and session data, if available.
11101	Called when a record is to be emitted, formatting and sending it to specified addressees based on rate limiting.
11102	Ensure `image_rendition` is added to the global context.
11103	This method logs an attempt for a given key, increments the attempt count, and potentially locks the account if the maximum attempts are reached.
11104	Adds an URL to the download queue if both the music service and drive service are initialized.
11105	Creates and starts the workers, handling graceful termination on SIGINT.
11106	### Example 2:
Input:
def set(self, k, v):
    """Add or update a key, value pair to the database"""
    k = k.lstrip('/')
    url = '{}/{}'.format(self.endpoint, k)
    r = requests.put(url, data=str(v))
    if r.status_code != 200 or r.json() is not True:
        raise KVStoreError('PUT returned {}'.format(r.status_code))
Output:
This method adds or updates a key-value pair in the database using a PUT request. If the request fails or returns an unexpected response, it raises a KVStoreError.
11107	Gets the value of a given key from a store, optionally waiting for it with a timeout.
11108	Recursively get the tree below the given key
11109	This method retrieves the current index of a given key or subtree from a Consul server. It constructs a URL based on the provided key and includes a recursive parameter if specified. The method returns the 'X-Consul-Index' header from the response, which is useful for creating long polling requests.
11110	Deletes a given key or recursively deletes the tree below it
11111	Plot heatmap to visualize feature importance with classes.
11112	Add a number of months to a given timestamp. If the resulting day exceeds the last day of the month, adjust to the first day of the next month or the last day of the same month, respectively.
11113	Add a number of months to a date
11114	Check if it is the Christmas period
11115	Sets the current music service to service_name, optionally using an API key for Soundcloud.
11116	Sets the current storage service to service_name and runs the connect method on the service. If service_name is 'google drive', it creates a new GoogleDrive instance and connects to it. If service_name is 'dropbox', it logs an error as Dropbox is not supported yet. If service_name is 'local', it creates a new LocalStorage instance with the specified custom_path and connects to it. If service_name is not recognized, it logs an error.
11117	Reads a dataset from a CSV file and splits it into features (X) and labels (y), filtering out non-finite values.
11118	Reads dataset from json.
11119	Reads dataset to csv.
11120	Select items with the reference label from the dataset.
11121	Calculates a dictionary of averages from a list of dictionaries, grouping by a reference label. Returns a defaultdict containing the mean values for each key in the dictionaries that correspond to the reference label.
11122	Provide significance for features in the dataset using ANOVA with corrections for multiple hypothesis testing, optionally sorting the results by p-values or F-statistics.
11123	Update the Flask session and this object with the provided data dictionary.
11124	Recusively merge the 2 dicts. Destructive on argument 'a'.
11125	Decorator for a function to dispatch on a dispatch function's return value.
11126	A decorator for a function implementing dispatch_fn for dispatch_key. If no dispatch_key is specified, the function is used as the default dispatch function.
11127	Auto-discover INSTALLED_APPS registered_blocks.py modules and fail silently when not present. This forces an import on them to register their blocks. This is a near 1-to-1 copy of how Django's admin application registers models.
11128	Verifies a block prior to registration.
11129	Registers `block` to `block_type` in the registry.
11130	Unregisters the block associated with `block_type` from the registry. Raises `NotRegistered` if no block is registered to `block_type`.
11131	Converts the file associated with the file_name passed into a MP3 file. If the file is already a MP3, no conversion is needed. The converted file is then added to a delete queue after conversion is done.
11132	Determine whether the desired version is a reasonable next version, considering options to allow equal versions and skipping patch versions.
11133	Redirects HTTP requests to HTTPS if the endpoint needs SSL and SSL is enabled. Redirects HTTPS requests to HTTP if the endpoint does not allow SSL. Static routes are served over both HTTP and HTTPS.
11134	Initializes Celery with the app's configuration and sets up a context task to ensure that tasks run within the Flask app context.
11135	Add a mail to the queue to be sent.
11136	Parse an HTTP accept-like header and return a list of `ContentType` instances in decreasing quality order.
11137	Parses a `Cache-Control` header value and returns a dictionary of key-value pairs representing the header's parameters.
11138	Parse a content type like header.
11139	Parse an RFC7239 Forwarded header into a list of dictionaries.
11140	Parse a comma-separated list header, handling quoted segments to avoid splitting within quotes.
11141	Parse a named parameter list in a common format, with options to normalize parameter names and values.
11142	Resizes an image to fit a specified width while maintaining its aspect ratio.
11143	Add a new value to the list after validation.
11144	Downloads a MP4 or WebM file that is associated with the video at the URL passed and returns the filename of the file in local storage.
11145	Creates a connection to the Google Drive API, authorizes the request, and creates a "Music" folder if it doesn't already exist.
11146	Uploads the file to Google Drive in the Music folder and returns the original filename.
11147	Initializes the connection attribute with the path to the user home folder's Music folder, and creates it if it doesn't exist.
11148	Writes parameters for skytool_Free to a file needed for generating the sky radiance distribution.
11149	Does nothing currently. May not need this method.
11150	Read the phytoplankton absorption data from a CSV file.
11151	Scale the `a_phi` spectra by multiplying it with a given linear scaling factor. Log the scaling action and handle exceptions if the scaling cannot be performed due to `a_phi` not being defined.
11152	Reads the pure water absorption from a CSV formatted file.
11153	Reads the pure water scattering data from a CSV file and stores it in the `b_water` attribute.
11154	Generic IOP reader that interpolates the IOP to the common wavelengths defined in the constructor.
11155	Writes a numpy array iop to a file with the specified file_name.
11156	Calculates the total scattering from back-scattering using a given scattering fraction.
11157	Calculates the total absorption by summing the absorption from water, phytoplankton, and CDOM.
11158	Calculates the total attenuation by summing the total absorption and total scattering.
11159	Build all b and c from IOPs
11160	Takes lists for parameters and saves them as class properties.
11161	Read a text file into a Python dictionary using '=' as the delimiter and strip any leading/trailing whitespace from the keys and values.
11162	Converts a comma-separated string representation of numbers into a list of floats.
11163	Reads in a PlanarRad generated report and saves the single line reported parameters as a python dictionary.
11164	Sets a handler for a list of signals
11165	Handle a signal received while the system is already processing another signal. Log a warning with the signal number and the current frame.
11166	Default handler for signal processing in a Python application
11167	Pause execution, execution will resume in X seconds or when the appropriate resume signal is received. Execution will jump to the callback_function, the default callback function is the handler method which will run all tasks registered with the reg_on_resume method. Returns True if timer expired, otherwise returns False.
11168	Handle abort signal by running all abort tasks, then all exit tasks, and finally exit with an error status.
11169	Signal handler for status signal. Calls all status tasks, filters non-persistent callbacks, resumes tasks.
11170	Tries to remove a registered event without triggering it.
11171	Fetches time series data from OpenTSDB using specified parameters such as metric, time range, tags, and aggregation.
11172	Fetches and sorts time series data from OpenTSDB. Returns a list of (timestamp, value) tuples sorted by timestamp.
11173	Collects and returns a list of values from the given iterable. If the `n` parameter is specified, it collects a maximum of `n` items from the iterable; otherwise, it collects all items.
11174	Print an item to the specified file or standard output, with an optional end string.
11175	Prints each item from an iterable.
11176	Extracts function signature, default arguments, keyword-only arguments, and whether or not variable positional or keyword arguments are allowed. Handles both bound and unbound instance methods, ignoring unbound classmethod and staticmethod objects.
11177	Extracts the function signature from an existing partial instance.
11178	Calculate new argv and extra_argv values resulting from adding specified positional and keyword arguments.
11179	Ignores certain `META-INF` files to prevent multiple signatures in XPI signing.
11180	Sort keys for xpi files based on a predefined priority
11181	Read one VLQ-encoded integer value from an input data stream.
11182	Read a table structure with fields, where each field's value is prefixed by two bytes and stored as a Variable-Length Quantity (vlq) that is then divided by two, and unknown fields are discarded.
11183	Parse the user data header portion of the replay.
11184	Transforms a duration in seconds into a human-readable format.
11185	Prints a summary of the game details, including the map, duration, version, and details of each player.
11186	This function retrieves various values from a user interface and stores them in instance variables.
11187	Display data from found file and its graphic if the file dialog is opened and a file is selected.
11188	Write to batch file using provided values
11189	Separate data from a file to extract wavelength and information for plotting curves.
11190	Connects the "display_the_graphic" function to a slider by binding it with parameters.
11191	This function displays information about curves. It takes `num_curve` (the index of the curve's line to display) and `information` (an array containing information for all curves to display). The function sets the text of several labels in a user interface based on the curve index and updates the data displayed in a result section.
11192	Show an error message with a red color in the UI when a wrong value is typed.
11193	Hides error message when all values are correct
11194	To execute `planarRad` using a batch file.
11195	Cancel PlanarRad if it is running and in the NORMAL_MODE. Prompt the user for confirmation before canceling.
11196	Check if PlanarRad is running before quitting, show warning message if running, ask for confirmation before quitting.
11197	Save the current figure displayed in a PNG file in the "Artists_saved" directory of the "planarradpy" folder, incrementing the file name if needed.
11198	Open the log file for PlanarRad and display its contents in a text edit widget.
11199	Open the documentation file in a window.
11200	Initialize GUI components and set default values for sensitivity setting, showing grid, and other parameters.
11201	Intercepts the mouse's right click and its position.
11202	Getting and handling mouse movement coordinates on the canvas
11203	Update labels about mouse coordinates if authorized display is enabled.
11204	Construct a simple lockset for genesis signing with a single vote.
11205	Sign this message with a private key and update the signature and sender information.
11206	Hash the transaction's fields, excluding 'v', 'r', and 's', and include the sender's address.
11207	"Check the validity and uniqueness of quorum-related attributes."
11208	Allocate funds to the sender's account and store the RTGS hash.
11209	Return the highest lock on height.
11210	Retrieve the last block proposal node voted on.
11211	Highest valid lockset on height
11212	Setup a timeout for waiting for a proposal with a delay based on the round number.
11213	called to inform about synced peers
11214	Generate a list of private keys that support coloring, using a SHA-3 hash function and ensuring the key index is a multiple of the number of colors.
11215	Calculate the transmission delay based on sender and receiver bandwidths, base latencies, packet size, and an optional additional delay.
11216	Deliver a packet on the edge of the timeout window.
11217	Create a proxy object that acts as a contract interface on the specified chain.
11218	returns class._on_msg_unsafe, use x.im_self to get class
11219	registers NativeContract classes
11220	Returns True if the data is unknown and adds it to the filter, moving the oldest item if the filter exceeds its maximum size. Otherwise, it moves the existing data to the end of the filter and returns False.
11221	Receives and processes RLP-decoded transactions, logging the count and remote ID, and spawns a greenlet to add each transaction.
11222	Decondition an image by reversing the preprocessing steps used by the VGG16 model.
11223	Prepares an image for processing with the VGG16 model by converting it from RGB to BGR, subtracting mean values, and reshaping it into the required format.
11224	Create a function to compute the response of a specified layer.
11225	Get symbolic output of a layer by its name
11226	Converts input x to outputs of `layers` in `self.net`
11227	Creates a new encryption key at the specified path and sets the file permissions to 400. The file permissions setting currently does not work on Windows platforms due to differences in file permission handling.
11228	Finishes the load job. Called automatically when the connection closes. Returns the exit code.
11229	Load data from a file into a target table, handling the load process step-by-step, including file reading, decompression, and error handling.
11230	Load a single row into the target table, handling errors based on the `panic` parameter.
11231	Attempt release of target mload table. Raises an error if the table has not been set.
11232	Returns a list of four table names with suffixes "_wt", "_log", "_e1", and "_e2". Raises an error if the target table is not set.
11233	Monkey-patches the compiler to remove specified default compiler flags.
11234	Attempts to find the Teradata install directory with the defaults for a given platform, returning `None` if the defaults are not present and the TERADATA_HOME environment variable is not explicitly set to the correct install location.
11235	Retrieve the decrypted value of a key in a giraffez configuration file.
11236	Set a decrypted value by key in a giraffez configuration file
11237	Turns on or off the table output and logs the current state.
11238	Given a command execute it using CLIv2 and return a cursor over the results.
11239	Retrieves a value from the configuration based on its key, handling nested keys and decryption if required.
11240	Writes a default configuration file structure to a file
11241	Set the names of columns to be used for filtering when iterating through the list, retrieving column names, etc., and ensure they exist in the column map.
11242	Writes export archive files in the Giraffez archive format. This takes a `giraffez.io.Writer` and writes archive chunks to file until all rows for a given statement have been exhausted.
11243	Sets the current encoder output to Python `str` and returns a row iterator with specified delimiter and null value handling.
11244	Convert string with optional k, M, G, T multiplier to float
11245	Convert string with gains of individual amplification elements to dict.
11246	Convert a string with SoapySDR device settings to a dictionary.
11247	Wrap text to terminal width with default indentation
11248	Returns detected SoapySDR devices.
11249	Set center frequency and clear averaged PSD data
11250	Return freqs and averaged PSD for given center frequency
11251	Wait for all PSD threads to finish and return the result
11252	Compute PSD from samples and update average for given center frequency
11253	Read data from file-like object.
11254	Write data to a file-like object in a specific format.
11255	Submits a callable to be executed with the given arguments. Counts the maximum reached work queue size in `ThreadPoolExecutor.max_queue_size_reached`.
11256	Return the number of repeats for a given integration time.
11257	Calculate a list of frequency hopping values within a given frequency range
11258	Creates a buffer for reading samples by calculating the required buffer size based on the number of bins, repeats, and base buffer size. It also logs various details about the buffer size and repeats. Finally, it returns the number of buffer repeats and an array of zeros with the calculated buffer size.
11259	`setup` method configures the streaming and processing parameters for device samples, initializes buffers, and starts streaming.
11260	Stops streaming samples from the device and clears the samples buffer
11261	Tune to a specified center frequency and compute the Power Spectral Density (PSD).
11262	Sweep spectrum using frequency hopping. Setup parameters, generate frequency list, and perform measurements in a loop. Handle time limits and shutdown conditions. Write results in a separate thread and log thread pool statistics.
11263	Update the device address using ioctl if it has changed, and store the new address.
11264	Forces the execution of CMake with optional arguments, setting up the build environment, and handling potential errors during the process.
11265	Filter a set of datetimes to return a subset of ``number`` of units before ``now``, until ``now``. The result will be the datetimes that are kept with approximately one unit between each of them. The first datetime for any unit is kept, and later duplicates are removed. If there are datetimes after ``now``, they will be returned unfiltered.
11266	Return a datetime object with the time part set to zero, effectively masking the datetime to a resolution of days.
11267	Return a datetime with the same value as `dt`, truncated to a resolution of weeks, with the option to specify the first day of the week.
11268	Return a set of datetimes that should be kept, up to specified durations in years, months, weeks, days, hours, minutes, and seconds in the past, with an option to prefer a specific weekday when keeping weeks.
11269	.u Return a set of datetimes that should be deleted from the given list.
11270	Return a set of dates that should be kept, based on the given parameters.
11271	Return a set of dates to be deleted from a given list of dates based on the specified time intervals and day of the week.
11272	Generate an SPI control byte based on the hardware address and read/write command.
11273	Returns the bit specified from the address.
11274	Writes the value given to the bit in the address specified.
11275	Return the lowest bit number set in a given bit pattern, or None if no bits are set.
11276	Waits for a port event. When a port event occurs it is placed onto the event queue.
11277	Handles events from a queue by calling registered functions.
11278	Bring the GPIO interrupt pin into Linux userspace.
11279	Sets the interrupt edge on the userspace GPIO pin.
11280	Waits until a file exists with a given filename. Raises a Timeout exception if the file does not appear within a predefined time limit.
11281	Registers a pin number and direction to a callback function with an optional settle time.
11282	De-registers callback functions by pin number and event direction.
11283	Enables GPIO interrupts.
11284	Sends bytes via the SPI bus and returns the bytes received from the SPI device. Raises an InitError if an error occurs during the process.
11285	Re-implements the rendering method from crispy_forms, passing the ``form`` instance to the ``render_link`` method of each item. Handles accordion groups and activates the appropriate tab based on the form. Updates the context with tabs, links, and content, then renders the template with the updated context.
11286	Find tab fields listed as invalid
11287	Render the link for the tab-pane, updating its class with 'active' if needed, after the form is rendered.
11288	Get package version from installed distribution or configuration file if not installed.
11289	Pass template pack argument
11290	Method to check the status of the incoming response and raise an exception if the status is not 200.
11291	Used by every other method, it makes a GET request with the given params.
11292	Requests direct download link for requested file using a ticket and optional captcha response, after first calling prepare_download. Returns a dictionary containing file info and download URL.
11293	Returns a dictionary containing the upload URL and the validity period for the file upload.
11294	This interface is used to upload a file to a specified folder ID or the default "Home" folder. It generates a valid upload URL using the `upload_link` method and then uploads the file using a POST request. The method also supports optional SHA-1 hash validation and HTTP-only upload links. The return value is a dictionary containing information about the uploaded file, including its ID, name, size, URL, and SHA-1 hash.
11295	Upload a file to an Openload.co remote server.
11296	Checks the status of remote file uploads and returns a dictionary containing all uploads.
11297	Request a list of files and folders in a specified folder. If `folder_id` is not provided, the "Home" folder will be listed. Returns a dictionary containing two keys: "folders" and "files".
11298	Returns a list of running file conversions for a specified folder. If no folder ID is provided, it defaults to the Home folder. Each dictionary in the list represents a file conversion and includes details such as the file name, ID, status, last update, progress, retries, and links.
11299	Calculates relative humidity based on temperature and dewpoint using a formula from weatherwise.org
11300	Calculate the dewpoint from temperature and humidity, returning the result in degrees Fahrenheit.
11301	Transmit defined weather values using an HTTP session.
11302	Calculates the CRC (Cyclic Redundancy Check) value from raw serial data using a CRC table.
11303	Verify the CRC of raw serial data and return True if valid. A valid CRC is 0.
11304	Given a packed storm date field, unpack and return the date in the format 'YYYY-MM-DD'.
11305	Check if the weather station returns Rev.B archives by checking the 'RecType' field in the records and update the internal state accordingly. Return the result.
11306	Issues a wakeup command to the device to exit standby mode, retrying up to three times before raising a `NoDeviceException` if the device cannot be accessed.
11307	Sends a command to the device and waits for an acknowledgment (ACK) or an 'OK' response.
11308	Send a command to read archive records after a known timestamp, handle the response, and return a list of records.
11309	Retrieve newest archive record from device, return None if no records are new.
11310	read and parse data from the console, then calculate derived fields and store them in the fields variable
11311	Main execution loop that queries weather data from a station, performs sanity checks, calculates wind gust information, and uploads the data to online services through multiple publishers. It handles exceptions during the publishing process and logs warnings if any publisher fails.
11312	sets up system logging with different verbosity options
11313	Returns a list of publication services instances based on the options provided.
11314	Returns the gust data if it exceeds the threshold and the current time is within the reporting window period.
11315	Set weather data with various parameters.
11316	Store keyword args to be written to output file.
11317	Writes output file by iterating through args and appending values to a buffer before writing to the file.
11318	Wrapper function for user-only requirements, passes current request context internally to the requirement.
11319	Initialize the Flask-Allows object and set up request context and cleanup hooks.
11320	Checks that the provided or current identity meets each requirement passed to this method, considering both additional and overridden requirements.
11321	Pushes an override to the current context, optionally combining it with existing overrides from the parent context.
11322	Pops the latest override context and raises a RuntimeError if it was pushed by a different override manager.
11323	Override context manager for temporarily pushing an override.
11324	Binds an additional to the current context, optionally using the current additionals in conjunction with this additional. If `use_parent` is true, a new additional is created from the parent and child additionals rather than manipulating either directly.
11325	Pops the latest additional context and raises a ``RuntimeError`` if it doesn't belong to the current additional manager.
11326	Allows temporarily pushing an additional context, yields the new context into the following block.
11327	Append a number to duplicate field names to make them unique.
11328	Generates the string to be shown as updates after the execution of a Cypher query.
11329	Given a Cypher query and a dictionary containing the IPython user space, extracts safe parameters to pass onto Neo4j by filtering out values that cannot be JSON-serialized.
11330	Executes a query and returns different types of data based on configurations such as raw data, a ResultSet, a Pandas DataFrame, or a NetworkX graph.
11331	Returns a Pandas DataFrame instance built from the result set.
11332	Return a NetworkX multi-graph instance built from the result set.
11333	Generate a pie chart from the result set using matplotlib, with the pie slice sizes taken from the rightmost numerical column and labels from the other columns.
11334	Generates a pylab plot from the result set using matplotlib, with the first and last columns as X and Y values, and any additional keyword arguments passed through to matplotlib.pylab.plot.
11335	Generates a pylab bar plot from the result set, using the last quantitative column as Y values and combining other columns to label the X axis.
11336	Generates results in comma-separated form. Writes to a file if given; otherwise, returns the CSV as a string. Any additional keyword arguments are passed to `csv.writer`.
11337	re-implements permission_required decorator to honor settings and checks for permission accordingly
11338	Adds `is_rendered` to the context and the widget's context data. `is_rendered` signals that the AJAX view has been called and that we are displaying the full widget now. When `is_rendered` is not found in the widget template, it means that we are seeing the first page load and all widgets still have to get their real data from this AJAX view.
11339	```plaintext
Sorts the widgets based on their position.
```
11340	Returns all widgets that need an update.
11341	Registers a widget subclass with the dashboard, ensuring it is not already registered and inherits from `DashboardWidgetBase`.
11342	Unregisters the given widget.
11343	Gets or creates the last update object for this widget
11344	This method retrieves a setting for a widget from the database. It takes a setting name and an optional default value. If the setting exists, it returns the setting; otherwise, it returns the default value.
11345	Saves the setting value into the database.
11346	Checks if an update is needed by comparing the current time with the last update time stored in ``DashboardWidgetLastUpdate`` instance and if the time elapsed since the last update is less than the update interval specified in ``self.update_interval``, returns ``False`` indicating no update is needed, otherwise returns ``True`` indicating an update is needed.
11347	Create a Spark bolt array from a local array.
11348	Create a spark bolt array of ones.
11349	Gathers arrays, at least one of which is pg iterable. Concatenates along a specified axis.
11350	Check function arguments for consistency in Spark array construction.
11351	Reformat target axes given its shape, ensuring they are within valid range and support both integer and list inputs.
11352	Wrap an existing numpy constructor in a parallelized construction
11353	Aligns the local Bolt array so that specified axes for iteration are in the keys, ensuring that the specified axes are valid and transposing/reshaping the underlying array as necessary.
11354	Converts a BoltArrayLocal into a BoltArraySpark using a specified SparkContext and axis.
11355	A method for converting a BoltArrayLocal object into an RDD using a specified SparkContext and axis for parallelization. Returns an RDD containing tuples of indices andNumPy ndarray objects.
11356	Make an intermediate RDD where all records are combined into a list of keys and larger ndarray along a new 0th dimension.
11357	Apply a function on each subarray
11358	Split values of distributed array into chunks.
11359	Apply a function to each subarray of a chunked array. The function can change the shape of the subarray, but only along dimensions that are not chunked. Return a new chunked array with the results.
11360	Apply a generic function to each subarray of a BoltArraySpark, resulting in a new BoltArraySpark with the results.
11361	Identify a plan for chunking values along each dimension.
11362	Removes padding from chunks along specified axes.
11363	Obtains the number of chunks for a given plan and array shape
11364	Obtain slices for the given dimensions, padding, and chunks
11365	Construct a binary mask by setting specified indices to true.
11366	Repartitions the underlying RDD to a specified number of partitions.
11367	Aggregates records of a distributed array for improved performance in vectorized operations.
11368	Aligning axes for iteration in a Spark bolt array, swapping axes as needed.
11369	Return the first element of an ordered or sorted array.
11370	Compute a statistic over an axis using either a function or a statistic name.
11371	Return the mean of the array over the given axis.
11372	Return the variance of the array over the given axis.
11373	Return the standard deviation of the array over the given axis.
11374	Compute the sum of the array over the given axis.
11375	Return the maximum of the array over the given axis.
11376	Return the minimum value over the specified axis in the array. The axis can be a tuple or an integer, and the default behavior is to compute the minimum over all axes. `keepdims` determines whether the axes with length 1 should be kept in the result with size 1.
11377	Chucks records of a distributed array.
11378	Return a copy of the BoltArraySpark object with the specified axes swapped between keys and values.
11379	Return an array with the axes transposed, potentially incurring a swap depending on the desired permutation.
11380	Return the array with two axes interchanged.
11381	Return an array with the same data but a new shape.
11382	Check if the requested reshape can be broken into independent reshapes on the keys and values. If it can, returns the index in the new shape separating keys from values, otherwise returns -1
11383	Remove one or more single-dimensional axes from the array.
11384	Cast the array to a specified type.
11385	Clip values above and below specified minimum and maximum limits.
11386	Returns the contents as a local array.
11387	Coerces singletons, lists, and ndarrays to tuples.
11388	Coerce a list of arguments to a tuple.
11389	Check if the given axes are valid for a specified shape.
11390	Checks if two arrays are close and have the same shape.
11391	Flattens a list of indices and ensures they are within a specified dimension. Raises an error if any index is out of bounds.
11392	Creates a slice with defined start, stop, and step from given slice or integer. Adjusts indices for negative values and ensures stop does not exceed dimension bounds.
11393	Check if a proposed tuple of axes is a valid permutation of an old set of axes by verifying length, axis repetition, and bounds.
11394	Check if a proposed tuple of axes can be a valid reshaping of an old tuple by ensuring they can be factored and that the total size remains unchanged.
11395	Rebuilds the original array from chunks that have been split into multiple lists along each axis.
11396	Expand dimensions by iteratively appending empty axes.
11397	Eagerly returns count while zipping RDD elements with their indices.
11398	Append routed docstrings to a function.
11399	Use keyword arguments to identify constructor and then apply constructor-specific checks.
11400	Reshape the keys of a BoltArraySpark, returning a new BoltArraySpark.
11401	Transpose just the keys of a BoltArraySpark, returning a new BoltArraySpark.
11402	Reshape the values of a BoltArraySpark, returning a new BoltArraySpark with the specified shape.
11403	Transpose just the values of a BoltArraySpark, returning a new BoltArraySpark.
11404	Create a local Bolt array of ones.
11405	Create a local bolt array filled with zeros based on the given shape, data type, and order.
11406	```plaintext
Join a sequence of arrays together. The arrays are joined along a specified axis, and the result is returned as a BoltArrayLocal object. Raises a ValueError if the input is not a tuple.
```
11407	Calculate the log-likelihood for a given dataset, xmin, and scaling parameter alpha using the zeta function from the scipy library.
11408	Return the most likely alpha for the data given an xmin.
11409	**Calculate the Maximum Likelihood Estimator (MLE) of the "scaling parameter" alpha for a discrete dataset based on the given data and a minimum value `xmin`.**
11410	Estimate the most likely value of alpha using maximum likelihood and the K-S test.
11411	Use maximum likelihood to determine the most likely value of alpha
11412	Plots the power-law-predicted value on the Y-axis against the real values along the X-axis. This is useful for assessing the fit quality of the power-law model. The function optionally takes parameters for the minimum value, alpha (the power-law exponent), and whether to use a log-log plot. The default values for these are obtained from the object's attributes if not provided. The function then calculates the model values and plots them against the real values.
11413	Estimate and compare lognormal distribution parameters and likelihoods.
11414	Sanitizes HTML by removing disallowed tags and attributes.
11415	Configure Yandex Metrika analytics counter.
11416	Return a list of tuples of tag names and CSS classes indicating whether they are selected.
11417	Calculate an MD5 fingerprint from a decoded key.
11418	Calculate the SHA-256 fingerprint of the key.
11419	Calculates SHA512 fingerprint for the decoded key and returns it in a base64-encoded string with "SHA512:" prefix.
11420	Computes a two's complement value from the given data
11421	Decodes the base64 encoded part of a key.
11422	Parse ssh options string.
11423	Parse ssh-rsa public keys and validate their length.
11424	Parses ssh-dsa public keys.
11425	Parses ecdsa-sha public keys.
11426	Parses ed25516 keys by extracting and validating the verifying key length.
11427	Validates SSH public key.
11428	Performs a step in the context establishment process by handling input tokens and generating output tokens until the context is established.
11429	Performs a step to establish the context as an acceptor. This method should be called in a loop and fed input tokens from the initiator, and its output tokens should be sent to the initiator until this context's :attr:`established` attribute is True.
11430	Return the set of mechanisms supported by the credential.
11431	Stores a credential in a GSSAPI credential store using specified parameters and mechanisms.
11432	Imports and runs setup function with given properties.
11433	Imports and returns a setup function, with optional support for Markdown READMEs, Stdeb for deb package building on Debian-based systems, and Distribute for setuptools compatibility.
11434	Returns a file handle for recording audio, configured with 2 channels, 16-bit sample width, and the default sample rate of the input device.
11435	Returns HTML5 Boilerplate CSS file.
11436	Return Normalize CSS file.
11437	Returns a Font Awesome CSS file. If TEMPLATE_DEBUG is True, it returns the full file; otherwise, it returns the minified file.
11438	Returns the JavaScript file for Modernizr based on the version number and whether TEMPLATE_DEBUG is set.
11439	Returns the appropriate jQuery JavaScript file based on the version number and settings.
11440	Returns the jQuery UI plugin file URL based on the specified version. If `TEMPLATE_DEBUG` is enabled, it returns the full file; otherwise, it uses the minified file from the Google CDN with a local fallback.
11441	Returns the jQuery DataTables plugin file according to version number.
11442	Returns the jQuery DataTables CSS file according to the specified version number. If no version is provided, it uses the default version from settings.
11443	Returns the jQuery DataTables ThemeRoller CSS file according to version number.
11444	Returns the jQuery Dynamic Formset plugin file according to version number. If TEMPLATE_DEBUG is enabled, it returns the full version of the file; otherwise, it returns the minified version.
11445	Returns the jQuery ScrollTo plugin file according to version number, either full or minified based on TEMPLATE_DEBUG setting.
11446	Returns the jQuery Smooth Scroll plugin file according to the version number. Returns the full file if TEMPLATE_DEBUG is true, otherwise returns the minified file.
11447	Returns Twitter Bootstrap CSS file based on the version and TEMPLATE_DEBUG setting.
11448	Returns Google Analytics asynchronous snippet with optional domain and linker support, based on settings.
11449	Used to render a CodeMirrorTextarea widget.
11450	This function generates authentication tokens for a given user and purpose. It iterates over a specified number of minutes and creates a SHA-1 hash for each minute, using the current time minus the iteration minute, the user's password, the purpose, the user's primary key, and a secret key. The generated hash is returned as a hexadecimal string.
11451	Calculate the expiration time for an authentication hash based on the given valid minutes. Adds one minute to the current time and rounds down to the nearest second and microsecond.
11452	Return login token info for given user.
11453	Serializes a user object according to Meteor accounts serialization rules.
11454	De-serialize user profile fields with an optional key prefix.
11455	Update user data.
11456	Raises a MeteorError with a 403 status code when authentication fails, preventing attackers from gaining valuable information.
11457	Resolve and validate an authentication token, returning the user object if valid.
11458	Checks if the request is using SSL or is a local connection, returning `False` in either case and raising an error if not secure.
11459	**Method for retrieving username from a user selector object, handling different input types including strings, dictionaries, and model IDs.**
11460	Register a new user account by sending a request, authenticating the user, logging in, and returning a user token.
11461	Login a user and initiate a silent subscription to the 'LoggedInUser' publication.
11462	Logout a user.
11463	Login with password or resume token. If neither, authentication failed.
11464	Authenticate using credentials supplied in params, check for secure login, and attempt to log in the user. If successful, return a user token for resuming login. If not, call auth_failed()
11465	Login with existing resume token.
11466	Changes a user's password by validating the old password and saving the new one.
11467	Request a password reset email by providing user credentials.
11468	Reset password using a token received in email and logs user in
11469	Recursive dictionary merge
11470	Reads the contents from the specified path, decodes them using the specified encoding, and returns the decoded string. If an I/O error occurs and a default value is specified, it returns the default value; otherwise, it raises an exception.
11471	Return an Alea ID for the given object.
11472	Return Alea ID mapping for all given ids of specified model.
11473	Return an object ID for the given meteor_id.
11474	Return all object IDs for the given meteor_ids.
11475	Return an object for the given meteor_id. It checks the specified conditions and returns the object based on the primary key, unique fields, or a custom method get_object_id.
11476	Set default value for AleaIdField.
11477	Unset default value for AleaIdField.
11478	Truncates tables for the given models in the specified app label.
11479	Use schema_editor to apply any forward changes to the database.
11480	Use schema_editor to apply any reverse changes.
11481	Set default values for command options such as meteor, meteor_debug, build_lib, package_dir, meteor_builds, no_prune_npm, and inplace.
11482	Update command options.
11483	Executes a sequence of steps to build a Meteor application, including converting paths, constructing and executing a command line for the Meteor build, and optionally pruning the npm build directory.
11484	Converts a UNIX-style path into a platform-specific directory specification.
11485	Seed internal state from supplied values, defaulting to a secure seed if no values are provided.
11486	Return internal state, useful for testing.
11487	Return string of `length` elements chosen from `alphabet`
11488	Define a decorator to mark a method as an API endpoint for registration with optional custom path and decorators application.
11489	Return an iterator over all API endpoint names and callbacks.
11490	Clears the cache for `api_path_map` and invokes the `clear_api_path_map_cache` method on all `api_providers` if it exists.
11491	Prints the name and value of a variable in a debug format.
11492	Validate keyword arguments to be supplied to a function.
11493	Defines how to handle a new websocket connection.
11494	Handle closing of websocket connection
11495	```python
Process a message received from remote.
```
11496	Yield DDP messages from a raw WebSocket message.
11497	Process a single DDP message and handle errors appropriately.
11498	Dispatch a message to the appropriate handler.
11499	DDP connect handler.
11500	Handle DDP ping with optional ID.
11501	DDP sub handler.
11502	DDP unsub handler.
11503	Execute DDP method handler and update reply with the method id.
11504	Inform client that WebSocket service is available.
11505	Spawns greenlets for handling websockets and PostgreSQL calls.
11506	Parse command-line arguments to configure and serve an HTTP server with optional SSL.
11507	Prints a formatted message if the verbosity level is 1 or above.
11508	Stops all green threads.
11509	Runs DDP greenlets and waits for all threads to stop.
11510	A method that spawns subtasks, waits for a stop signal, and manages a PostgreSQL connection. It handles connection errors, logs information, and listens for specific events while ensuring proper resource cleanup.
11511	Polls a DB socket for asynchronous tasks and processes them by handling notifications, combining chunks, and sending data via websockets.
11512	Patch threading and psycopg2 modules for green threads.
11513	Generates a new ID, optionally using a namespace based on the given name.
11514	Import and register all `ddp` submodules from `settings.INSTALLED_APPS` with the `API`.
11515	Return an error dict for self.args and kwargs.
11516	Get attribute, creating if required using specified factory.
11517	Emit a formatted log record via DDP.
11518	Negotiate and apply a renderer to a request and its response.
11519	Context manager which yields a function for adding multiple routes to a web application from a given module, allowing for optional url and name prefixes for routes.
11520	Register routes based on methods of a resource instance.
11521	Runs an `aiohttp.web.Application` using gunicorn.
11522	Send a push notification to this device via GCM.
11523	Sends an APNS notification to one or more registration IDs. Registration IDs need to be provided as a list. The alert message should be a string; if not set, it won't be included in the notification, and you must pass `None` for silent notifications.
11524	Queries the APNS server for inactive id's since the last fetch.
11525	Sends a single GCM notification using the provided registration ID and data.
11526	Send bulk GCM notifications.
11527	Send a JSON GCM message
11528	Sends a GCM message with the given content type
11529	Returns the instance of the given module location.
11530	Fast forward selection algorithm to reduce the number of scenarios while maintaining diversity. It selects scenarios based on their similarity to previously selected scenarios and updates their probabilities accordingly.
11531	For the provided code, the summary is:

Wrapper function for Giphy API search method.
11532	Constructs a Giphy API wrapper using the provided API key and executes the translate method with the specified term, phrase, and rating.
11533	Generator for fetching trending GIFs
11534	Creates a Giphy API wrapper using the provided API key and strict mode, then calls the `gif` method with the specified `gif_id`.
11535	Shorthand for creating a Giphy API wrapper with the given API key and then calling the screensaver method.
11536	Create a Giphy API wrapper and upload a file with specified tags and username.
11537	Convert string values to integers for specified keys in image type data.
11538	Method to make an API request to Giphy and handle the response.
11539	Retrieve a single image that represents a translation of a term or phrase into an animated gif, ignoring punctuation. By default, translate by term unless phrase is provided. Raises an exception if no results found and strict mode is enabled.
11540	Retrieve GIFs currently trending online with optional rating and limit parameters.
11541	Retrieves a specific GIF from Giphy based on a unique ID. If no results are found and `strict` is `True` or the `strict` attribute of the object is `True`, it raises a `GiphyApiException`. Otherwise, it returns a `GiphyImage` object.
11542	Uploads a GIF from the filesystem to Giphy, tagging it and optionally using a specific channel.
11543	Prepare the extension element for access control based on the given parameters. If the access control is private, set the video as private. If the access control is unlisted, set the video as unlisted and deny access to everyone except for individuals with a shareable link.
11544	Authenticate the user and set the GData Auth token using email and password. The function raises an exception if the authentication fails.
11545	Browser-based upload functionality to create video entries and metadata, requiring authentication. It handles title, description, keywords, developer tags, and access control. Returns a dictionary containing the `post_url` and `youtube_token` for initiating the browser upload. Raises an `ApiError` if authentication is not provided.
11546	Checks the video upload status. Raises an ApiError if not authenticated. Returns True if the video is available or a dictionary containing the upload state and detailed message.
11547	Updates a video with new title, description, keywords, and access control. Raises an exception if not authenticated. Returns the updated video entry if successful.
11548	Deletes a video from Youtube if authenticated and the video entry is valid. Raises an ApiError if not authenticated or an OperationError if the video cannot be deleted.
11549	Check the availability of a video using an API. Returns a JSON response indicating whether the video is available or not.
11550	Displays a video in an embed player, handling different availability states.
11551	List videos of a user. If username is not set, display videos of the currently logged-in user.
11552	Direct upload method for videos. Uploads video to server, sends to YouTube, and handles redirection or JSON response based on input.
11553	Displays an upload form. Creates upload URL and token from YouTube API and uses them in the form. Handles authentication, error messages, and renders the form response.
11554	Handle the result of a video upload. If successful, save the video data and redirect to the video page. If failed, show an error message and redirect to the upload page.
11555	Removes a video from YouTube and from the database via a POST request.
11556	Connects to Youtube Api and retrieves the video entry object
11557	Synchronizes video information on the database with the video on YouTube
11558	Deletes a video from YouTube
11559	Generic method for updating metadata of a resource.
11560	Update a metadata field for a resource.
11561	Generic method for updating details of a resource, such as a device, distribution, or collection. Accepts query parameters as keyword arguments and returns the API response.
11562	Parse a Newick formatted string and return a list of nodes, optionally stripping comments.
11563	Serialize a list of trees in Newick format.
11564	Loads a list of trees from an open Newick formatted file.
11565	r Load a list of trees from a Newick formatted file.
11566	Parse a Newick formatted string into a `Node` object.
11567	Create a new Node object.
11568	representation - convert to Newick format Returns the Newick representation of the node and its descendants
11569	Return a unicode string representing a tree in ASCII art fashion.
11570	Method for retrieving a specified node by name from a tree structure. Returns the node if found, otherwise returns None.
11571	Remove nodes in the specified list or all nodes not in the list if inverse=True, while ensuring the nodes are leaves and distinct from the root node.
11572	Recursive resolution of polytomies in the tree such that all non-leaf nodes have exactly two descendants.
11573	Set the name of all non-leaf nodes in the subtree to None.
11574	Set the name of all leaf nodes in the subtree to None.
11575	Helper for constructing decorators to protect methods with HTTP authentication.
11576	Clears all comments, including single-line (//) and multi-line (/* */) comments, from a given JSON string. Returns the cleaned string while preserving the original format if input was a string.
11577	Raises an exception if the given app setting is not defined.
11578	Returns the value of the argument with the given name.
11579	Returns a list of the arguments with the given name. If the argument is not present, returns an empty list. The returned values are always unicode.
11580	Catches exceptions from the wrapped function and is unnecessary since Tornado 1.1.
11581	Return the value of the cookie with the given name, else return the default value.
11582	Deletes the cookie with the given name.
11583	Returns the authentication URL for this service. After authentication, the service will redirect back to the given callback URI. We request the given attributes for the authenticated user by default (name, email, language, and username). If you don't need all those attributes for your app, you can request fewer with the ax_attrs keyword argument.
11584	Retrieves the OAuth authorized user and access token upon callback, completing the registration process by calling the provided callback with the authenticated user details.
11585	Returns the OAuth parameters as a dict for the given request.
11586	Authenticates and authorizes for a specified Google resource with optional callback URI and attributes to request.
11587	Makes an asynchronous Facebook API REST request with specified method and arguments. Automatically includes Facebook API key and signature, and handles session key and other required arguments.
11588	Handles the login for a user using Facebook, returning a user object after authentication.
11589	Concatenate a URL with a dictionary of arguments, ensuring that the URL has existing query parameters or appending them correctly.
11590	Parses a Content-type like header and returns the main content-type and a dictionary of options.
11591	Adds a new value for the given key and updates the internal list structure.
11592	Returns all values for the given header as a list, normalized to a standard format.
11593	Updates the dictionary with a single header line, handling continuation lines.
11594	Converts HTTP header text into a dictionary.
11595	Converts a name to Http-Header-Case.
11596	Converts a string argument to a byte string, encoding it as utf8 if necessary.
11597	Converts a string argument to a unicode string. If the argument is already a unicode string or None, it is returned unchanged. Otherwise it must be a byte string and is decoded as utf8.
11598	Converts a string argument to a subclass of basestring, ensuring compatibility between Python 2 and Python 3 by converting byte strings to unicode.
11599	Converts byte strings to unicode in a given data structure (dict, list, tuple) recursively.
11600	Checks for conflicts with other installed plugins and ensures metadata availability.
11601	Generator over all subclasses of a given class, in depth-first order.
11602	Select policy based on matching strategy and origin, optionally request method. Returns policyname and origin.
11603	**Summary:**

Returns a vector with the occupancy of each grid point for given array of points by calculating the number of points within a specified spacing distance.
11604	Write a GRO file with the given title, atoms, and periodic box.
11605	Writes a PDB file with the given title, atoms, and box.
11606	Determine molecule numbers based on total, absolute, and relative amounts, then return a list of molecules with their corresponding numbers.
11607	Adapt the size of the box to accommodate the lipids and adjust the Position Boundary Conditions (PBC) in place.
11608	Write a basic TOP file. If `outpath` is empty, the topology is written on the standard error, and the header is omitted.
11609	Returns a stream for a given resource file in the module, yielding lines decoded in UTF-8.
11610	Send a message to a particular user and store it in the cache for queuing multiple messages.
11611	Send a message to a group of users.
11612	Fetches messages for a given user and returns None if no messages exist
11613	Check for messages for the authenticated user and add them to the response.
11614	Checks the config.json file for default settings and auth values.
11615	Verifies the profile name exists in the config.json file. Raises an error if the profile name is unknown.
11616	Update `msg` attrs with values from the profile configuration if the `msg.attr=None`, else leave it alone.
11617	Retrieve authentication information from a configuration and set it in the message object's auth attribute.
11618	Update profile's config entry with user-set values, overwriting existing values.
11619	Updates the profile's authentication with user-set values, overwriting existing ones.
11620	Create a profile for the given message type. Raises an error if the message type is unsupported. Prompts the user for a profile name, data, and authentication, and then configures the profile.
11621	Display the required items needed to configure a profile for the given message type, including settings and authorization/credentials.
11622	Get the required settings from the user and return as a dictionary.
11623	Get the required 'auth' from the user and return as a dict.
11624	Creates a profile entry in a configuration file with specified message type, profile name, data, and authentication parameters.
11625	Write the settings into the data portion of the cfg.
11626	Write the settings into the auth portion of the cfg.
11627	Add attachments to the message if they exist. If a single attachment is provided, convert it to a list. Each attachment URL is added to the message with an empty author name. If parameters are provided, they are updated to each attachment.
11628	Method to send a message via HTTP POST, supporting both JSON and URL-encoded formats. It constructs the message, sends it, and handles potential errors such as HTTP redirects, invalid authentication, and status codes.
11629	Constructs a message class and sends the message. Defaults to sending synchronously. Set send_async=True to send asynchronously.
11630	Create a message instance based on the provided message type and arguments.
11631	A credential property factory for each message class, which sets private attributes and returns obfuscated credentials when requested.
11632	A property factory that validates user input for critical parameters based on their data types.
11633	This is a base function to validate input based on the message type. It uses a dictionary to map message types to their respective validation functions and returns 0 if the input is valid, otherwise it returns 1.
11634	```Twilio input validator function that checks the validity of attributes based on their types (e.g., phone numbers for "from_" and "to" attributes, and URLs for "attachments").```
11635	Validate SlackPost attributes and values.
11636	Convert and sanitize input values for specific attributes in WhatsApp messages.
11637	Creates a running coroutine to send message instances in a futures executor.
11638	Add a message to the futures executor.
11639	Reads the message body from a file specified in the `kwds` dictionary. If the file exists, it reads the contents of the file into `kwds["body"]` and sets `kwds["file"]` to `None`.
11640	Gets rid of keyword arguments with a value of None and specific keys.
11641	Do some final preprocessing and send the message.
11642	Lookup chat_id of username via API call.
11643	Send content via HTTP POST request. Handle exceptions and print verbose messages if enabled.
11644	Start sending the message and its attachments, handling verbose output and document sending.
11645	Guess SMTP servername from outgoing email address
11646	Assemble the email components.
11647	Add email header information to the `message` object, including "From", "Subject", "To", "Cc", and "Bcc" fields if they are provided.
11648	Add body content of email.
11649	add required attachments to the message.
11650	Start a session with an email server using SSL or TLS based on the port, and log in with the provided credentials.
11651	Get an SMTP session with SSL.
11652	Gets an SMTP session with TLS.
11653	Send the email message by constructing it, establishing a session with the email server, sending the message, and then closing the session.
11654	Save metadata tags.
11655	Releases renderer resources associated with this image. If the handle is not -1, it unloads the image using a library function and sets the handle to -1.
11656	Get an image that refers to a specified region within the current image. The image data is not copied, and changes to the region will affect the original image.
11657	Validate keys and values, ensuring they are valid Vorbis keys and Unicode/UTF-8 strings, raising a ValueError if any invalid keys or values are found.
11658	Clears all keys from the comment.
11659	Return a string representation of the data, validating it first and optionally appending a framing bit.
11660	Reads the chunks data
11661	Removes a chunk from the file and adjusts the size of the parent chunk if necessary.
11662	Update the size of the chunk by writing the new data size to the file and adjusting the parent chunk's size if it exists.
11663	Inserts a new chunk at the end of the IFF file.
11664	Saves ID3v2 data to the AIFF file by preparing framedata, checking for 'ID3' chunk, preparing header, calculating new size, expanding chunk if necessary, and writing data.
11665	Completely removes the ID3 chunk from the AIFF file and clears the tracks in memory.
11666	Parses a C source file and adds its blocks to the processor's list
11667	Process a normal line and check if it indicates the start of a new block; if so, add the block lines and update the format and line number.
11668	add the current accumulated lines and create a new block
11669	Draw string with specified font and coordinates.
11670	Parse a standard ISO 8601 time string and return a timezone-aware (UTC) datetime instance.
11671	convert a series of simple words into some HTML text
11672	Output:
Analyze a word to detect cross-references and apply styling (italics or bolds)
11673	Converts words of a paragraph into tagged HTML text, handling xrefs and special characters
11674	Converts a code sequence to HTML by adding a header, quoting each line, and appending a footer
11675	Converts a list of items into valid HTML by appending each item's lines or words to a list and joining them with a newline character.
11676	Saves the metadata to the given filename by rendering it and updating existing atoms or saving new ones.
11677	Update all parent atoms with the new size.
11678	Start running the game. The window is created and shown, then the main event loop is entered. Handlers for window, key, mouse, and controller events are set up, and the game's main loop callbacks are managed.
11679	Register a mapping for controllers with the given vendor and product IDs, replacing any existing mapping for unconnected controllers.
11680	Find the mapping for the given controller. Returns None if unsuccessful.
11681	Register a text key for MP4 freeform atoms and provide getter, setter, and deleter functions to handle its retrieval, modification, and deletion.
11682	This interface is used to sign a given string using the user's secret access key with HMAC-SHA256 and return the Base64 encoded result.
11683	Determine the headers to send with a request to Route53, including authentication and date information.
11684	Method for handling outbound requests by delegating to specific HTTP method-specific methods.
11685	Sends a GET request to the Route53 endpoint and returns the body of the response.
11686	Sends the POST request to the Route53 endpoint and returns the response body.
11687	Sends a DELETE request to the Route53 endpoint and returns the response body.
11688	Converts APEv2 tag value based on the specified kind.
11689	Send HTTP request to Route53 API and parse the response using lxml
11690	Method for handling API calls with pagination, yielding records until all pages are retrieved.
11691	Lists all hosted zones associated with the current connection's account. Returns a generator to retrieve entries in chunks.
11692	Creates and returns a new hosted zone. Once a hosted zone is created, its details can't be changed. The method accepts the zone name and optional caller reference and comment. It returns a tuple containing a `HostedZone` instance and change information.
11693	Lists a hosted zone's resource record sets by Zone ID, if you already know it. This function provides a more efficient way to retrieve resource record sets for a specific zone by utilizing its ID, thereby avoiding an extra HTTP request compared to accessing the `record_sets` property directly from a `HostedZone` instance. The function supports pagination and filters resource record sets based on type and identifier.
11694	Given a ChangeSet, POST it to the Route53 API.
 Requires a ChangeSet object and an optional comment. Returns a dictionary containing details about the request.
11695	Draws an image at position (x1, y1) with custom width and height. If width and height are not specified, they are calculated based on the image's native resolution.
11696	Draws a rectangular region of an image from specified coordinates in texture space to specified coordinates in display space.
11697	Calculate total frame size by considering header size, packet lengths, and incomplete packets.
11698	Replace old pages with new pages within a file object, resizing and renumbering as necessary.
11699	Finds the last page of the stream 'serial'. If the file is not multiplexed, this function is fast. If it is, it must read the whole stream. This function returns the last page in the actual file object or the last page in the stream (with eos set), whichever comes first.
11700	Sets the current section during parsing
11701	Add a new markup section by creating a `DocMarkup` object with the current markup and lines, appending it to the `markups` list, and resetting the markup and lines.
11702	Process a block content and return a list of DocMarkup objects corresponding to it.
11703	Returns the DocMarkup corresponding to a given tag in a block
11704	This function is used to create an XML string for creating a new hosted zone in Route53.
11705	Locks a file object safely. Returns whether or not the lock was successful.
11706	### Insert Void Space

Called when raw data is received.
11707	### It is your turn now! Summarizing the following code into summary. Please output the answer directly as shown in the example(s) if provided.

Input:
```python
def delete_bytes(fobj, size, offset, BUFFER_SIZE=2**16):
    """Delete size bytes of empty space starting at offset.

    fobj must be an open file object, open rb+ or
    equivalent. Mutagen tries to use mmap to resize the file, but
    falls back to a significantly slower method if mmap fails.
    """
    locked = False
    assert 0 < size
    assert 0 <= offset
    fobj.seek(0, 2)
    filesize = fobj.tell()
    movesize = filesize - offset - size
    assert 0 <= movesize
    try:
        if movesize > 0:
            fobj.flush()
            try:
                import mmap
                file_map = mmap.mmap(fobj.fileno(), filesize)
                try:
                    file_map.move(offset, offset + size, movesize)
                finally:
                    file_map.close()
            except (ValueError, EnvironmentError, ImportError):
                # handle broken mmap scenarios
                locked = lock(fobj)
                fobj.seek(offset + size)
                buf = fobj.read(BUFFER_SIZE)
                while buf:
                    fobj.seek(offset)
                    fobj.write(buf)
                    offset += len(buf)
                    fobj.seek(offset + size)
                    buf = fobj.read(BUFFER_SIZE)
        fobj.truncate(filesize - size)
        fobj.flush()
    finally:
        if locked:
            unlock(fobj)
```

Output:
After running this function, `size` bytes starting at `offset` in the file object `fobj` will be deleted. If `mmap` is available, it uses `mmap.move` to efficiently delete the bytes. If `mmap` fails, it falls back to a slower method using file operations.
11708	Convert a basestring to a valid UTF-8 str by decoding bytes if necessary and encoding text.
11709	Adds a change to this change set.
11710	Parses a ChangeInfo tag, extracting status, submitted time, and request ID. Returns a dictionary with the parsed information.
11711	Calculates the width of the given string in this font.
11712	Return ``True`` if the record set has been modified, and ``False`` if not.
11713	Deletes this record set.
11714	Saves changes to the record set by deleting the existing record and creating a new one within a single change set, then updates the modification tracking.
11715	Parse an ID3v1 tag and convert it to a list of ID3v2.4 frames.
11716	Create an ID3v1.1 tag string from a dict of ID3v2.4 frames.
11717	Read a certain number of bytes from the source file, handling size constraints and EOF errors.
11718	### Example 2:
Input:
def delall(self, key):
        """Delete all tags of a given kind; see getall."""
        if key in self:
            del(self[key])
        else:
            key = key + ":"
            for k in self.keys():
                if k.startswith(key):
                    del(self[k])
Output:
This method deletes all tags that match a given key. If the key is not found directly, it appends a colon to the key and deletes all keys that start with the modified key.
11719	Deprecated; use the add method.
11720	Updates common to both v23 and v24 updates. Handles TCON genre formatting and converts ID3v2.2 PIC frames to a uniform format. Removes ID3v2.2 LNK frames.
11721	Convert older tags into an ID3v2.4 tag. Updates old ID3v2 frames to ID3v2.4 ones (e.g. TYER to TDRC). If you intend to save tags, call this function at some point; it is called by default when loading the tag.
11722	Release all resources associated with the sound by unloading it using the appropriate library function and resetting the handle to -1.
11723	Plays a sound as a one-shot. Adjusts volume, pan, and pitch if provided.
11724	Set the loop points within the sound.
11725	Returns a list of glyph names and their corresponding Unicode values extracted from a given glyph list string.
11726	filter `alist` by taking out all glyph names that are in `filter`
11727	This function dumps a given encoding into a file. It writes an array of indices into the SID name table and formats the values in a readable manner, with a maximum of 16 values per line.
11728	```text
Dumps a given array of strings into a sequence of static const unsigned char values.
```
11729	Generates a PostScript file containing glyph names and an optimized lookup function for the Adobe Glyph List.
11730	Checks if a given file exists.
11731	Builds a list of input files from command-line arguments, sorting and filtering non-existing files.
11732	Parses a HostedZone tag from an API response and returns a HostedZone object.
11733	Used to parse a DelegationSet tag and populate the nameservers of an existing HostedZone instance.
11734	Renders metadata blocks as a byte string by encoding each block's code and data into a specific format.
11735	Consolidate FLAC padding metadata blocks by adding several bytes of padding for each merged block.
11736	Remove Vorbis comments from a file. If no filename is given, the one most recently loaded is used.
11737	Saves metadata blocks to a file, ensuring there is enough padding, and optionally deleting ID3v2 and ID3v1 tags.
11738	Parses an Alias tag beneath a ResourceRecordSet, extracting and returning the `HostedZoneId` and `DNSName` values.
11739	Used to parse the various values from the ResourceRecords tags on most rrset types.
11740	Parse and instantiate ResourceRecordSet object based on etree response
11741	Deletes a hosted zone.
11742	Convenience method for creating ResourceRecordSets.
11743	Creates and returns an A record attached to this hosted zone.
11744	Creates an AAAA record attached to this hosted zone.
11745	Creates a CNAME record attached to this hosted zone.
11746	Creates a MX record attached to this hosted zone.
11747	Creates an NS record attached to the hosted zone.
11748	Creates a PTR record attached to this hosted zone.
11749	Creates a new SPF record and returns it along with the change information.
11750	Create an SRV record attached to this hosted zone.
11751	Creates a TXT record attached to this hosted zone, returning the newly created TXTResourceRecordSet instance and change information.
11752	Registers a user-defined text frame key for ID3 tags.
11753	Get change values for deletions or creations in a ResourceRecordSet. Returns a dictionary of change data used by write_change to write the change request XML.
11754	Create an XML element for a given change, including details such as action, name, type, and resource records.
11755	This function forms an XML string to create or modify resource record sets in Route53. It takes a connection object, a ChangeSet object, and an optional comment as parameters, and returns the XML string to be sent to Route53.
11756	Initiate log file with current timestamp.
11757	Gets an item by its alias
11758	Converts a dictionary into a frozen, hashable tuple, sorting the items by key.
11759	Joins the map structure into HTML attributes. Returns a 2-tuple `(template, ordered_values)`, where `template` is a string for HTML attributes and `ordered_values` is a list of attribute values. This is useful for preventing XSS attacks when generating HTML markup.
11760	Initializes an app to work with this extension by connecting app-level signals and integrating with the Jinja template.
11761	Calls the initializers of all bound navigation bars.
11762	Binds a navigation bar into this extension instance
11763	Return the arguments to be passed to ``url_for`` as a dictionary.
11764	Get the final URL of this navigation item.
11765	``True`` if the current request has the same endpoint and view arguments as the item. Raises ``RuntimeError`` if not used in a bound request context.
11766	Does basic Metric option validation. Checks for the 'label' and 'widget' attributes in the metric class, raising an error if either is missing.
11767	Returns a statistics based on the given class name by looking up in the gadgets' registered statistics.
11768	Calculates statistics for each registered gadget using the given frequencies.
11769	Autodiscover INSTALLED_APPS gadgets.py modules and fail silently when not present. This forces an import on them to register any gadgets they may want.
11770	Return a CSV dump of a specified metric's counts and cumulative counts.
11771	Handles the "metrics" command by processing its frequency, list, calculate, reset, and recalculate options.
11772	Retrieves the GET array's contents for the specified variable.
11773	Extracts a boolean variable from the specified request.
11774	Gets the next colour in the Geckoboard colour list and cycles through them.
11775	Return the default GET parameters for a particular Geckoboard view request.
11776	Returns a number widget for the specified metric's cumulative total.
11777	Searches the GET variables for metric UIDs and displays them in a RAG widget.
11778	Return data for a line chart for the specified metric based on statistics.
11779	Return a geck-o-meter control for the specified metric.
11780	Returns a funnel chart for the metrics specified in the GET variables.
11781	Returns all active statistics for registered gadgets.
11782	Registers a gadget object. Raises AlreadyRegistered if it is already registered.
11783	The main logic for obtaining the context data for a view.
11784	Print error message and stop command
11785	Decorator validates data using a specific validictory configuration.
11786	Prompt user for multi-line input and return the input as a string, allowing for an optional maximum number of lines and maximum line length.
11787	string input list
11788	Gets an output file name as input, ensuring it exists or creates it with the specified extension.
11789	Gets schedule information for a team-season.
11790	Returns the team ID of the winning team. Returns `None` if a tie.
11791	Returns the year ID of the season in which this game took place, adjusting the year if the game occurred before April.
11792	Returns a DataFrame containing starter information from the PFR website, including player ID, name, position, team, home/away status, and offense.
11793	Get the type of surface on which the game was played. Returns np.nan if not available.
11794	Gets information relating to the opening coin toss. Returns a dictionary containing the ID of the team that won the toss and whether they deferred it. Currently, the function is incomplete and needs further implementation.
11795	Returns a dictionary of weather-related info.
11796	Retrieves a dictionary of referee positions and IDs from a game's officials table.
11797	Returns a list of BoxScore IDs for every game in the season, filtered based on the specified type ('R' for regular season, 'P' for playoffs).
11798	Returns a DataFrame containing standings information for both the East and West conferences, including team seeds, conference affiliations, game differences, and additional expanded standings data.
11799	Parse a stats table from a season page and return it as a DataFrame.
11800	Return a DataFrame containing information about ROY voting.
11801	Returns the linescore for the game as a DataFrame.
11802	Returns the year ID of the season in which this game took place.
11803	Get a DataFrame of player stats from the game.
11804	When a function is decorated with `@switch_to_dir(dirPath)`, it will execute in the directory specified by `dirPath`. After the function completes, it returns to the original directory from which the function was called.
11805	Caches the HTML returned by the specified function `func`. Caches it in the user cache determined by the appdirs package.
11806	Generate a unique identifier for a class instantiation based on the class and its arguments.
11807	A decorator for memoizing functions. Only works on functions that take simple arguments - arguments that take list-like or dict-like arguments will not be memoized, and this function will raise a TypeError.
11808	Calculate the age of a player given a birth date and a target date, returning the age in years as a float.
11809	Retrieve a stats table from the player page; helper function for per-game, per-100-poss, etc. stats.
11810	Returns a DataFrame of per-game box score stats.
11811	Returns a DataFrame of total box score statistics by season.
11812	Returns a DataFrame of per-36-minutes stats.
11813	Returns a DataFrame of per-100-possession stats.
11814	Returns a DataFrame of advanced stats.
11815	Returns a DataFrame of shooting stats.
11816	Returns a DataFrame of play-by-play stats.
11817	Return a DataFrame of a player's basic game-by-game stats from each game of the season for a given year and season type.
11818	Handle a session variable in a memory session object demo.
11819	Expands the details column of the given dataframe and returns the resulting DataFrame. Parses the detail column using `sportsref.nfl.pbp.parse_play_details`, cleans up unmatched details, merges the details DataFrame with the original, adds an `isError` column, and uses `_clean_features` to clean up and add columns.
11820	Function that adds 'team' and 'opp' columns to the features DataFrame by iterating through the rows in order, identifying the current team and opponent for each play, and filling in the 'team' and 'opp' columns based on the identified values.
11821	Adds convenience features based on teams with and without possession, assuming 'team' and 'opp' are specified in the DataFrame.
11822	Gets the initial win probability of a game given its Vegas line.
11823	Gets yearly passing stats for the player.
11824	Template function to extract years for simple awards from a table
11825	Returns the full name of the franchise based on the team ID.
11826	r Gets list of BoxScore objects corresponding to the box scores from that year.
11827	Returns a PyQuery object containing the meta div p tag with the given keyword from the team year page.
11828	Returns head coach data by game for a given year.
11829	Returns a DataFrame with schedule information for the given year.
11830	Returns the coach ID for a team's Offensive Coordinator in a given year.
11831	Returns the coach ID for the team's DC in a given year.
11832	Returns the ID for the stadium in which the team played in a given year.
11833	Returns the name of the offensive scheme the team ran in the given year.
11834	Returns the name of the defensive alignment the team ran in the given year.
11835	Returns a DataFrame of offensive team splits for a season.
11836	Gets the HTML for the given URL using a GET request.
11837	Flattens relative URLs within text of a table cell to IDs and returns the result.
11838	Converts a relative URL to a unique ID based on supported types.
11839	Converts keyword arguments given to a function to a query string for a PSF (Possible Sports Format).
11840	Streamer__read_process is a function for processes that read from an HDF5 file. It takes parameters for the path to the node to be read, the length of the block, a circular buffer, an event to stop reading, a barrier for synchronization, a flag for cyclic reading, an offset, an amount to skip each iteration, and a synchronization object. It imports tables, opens an HDF5 file, and reads data from a specified node into the buffer, handling cyclic reading and synchronization as needed.
11841	Blocks until there is room to write into the buffer, then returns a guard object that returns the buffer element.
11842	Return a guard object that allows direct access to a buffer element.
11843	Signal the queue is closed by putting a `QueueClosed` indicator into both the read and write queues.
11844	Get a block of data from the node at the specified path.
11845	Get the remainder elements that will not be read in direct queue access cyclic=False mode, and return them as a numpy array.
11846	Get a queue object that provides an interface to a shared circular buffer for direct access to internal data. The queue allows for parallel reading of an HDF5 dataset by multiple processes. It supports options for cyclic reading, ordered block retrieval, and managing buffer size. The returned queue object facilitates accessing the read data in a controlled manner.
11847	Get a generator for streaming data, returning rows one at a time, including remainder elements.
11848	Parse a stream.
11849	Write list of protobuf message objects to a stream.
11850	Read a varint from file, parse it, and return the decoded integer.
11851	Returns a generator yielding all protobuf object data in the file. It is the main parser of the stream encoding.
11852	Close the stream.
11853	Write a group of one or more protobuf objects to the file. Multiple object groups can be written by calling this method several times before closing stream or exiting the runtime context.
11854	Write down buffer to the file.
11855	Return joined game directory path relative to Steamapps.
11856	Emulate user interactions with text inputs by performing a key-down action on the first char and then sending the rest of the text while releasing the key.
11857	Generate 2D fake fluorescence movie with specified parameters including the number of frames, mask shape, mask center, background intensity, mask sigma, time step, spike rate, time constant, noise sigma, and seed. Returns simulated fluorescence, calcium concentration, spike train, and true model parameters.
11858	Returns a list of trait descriptions for traits that are not true. Lazy evaluation is supported for debugging purposes.
11859	Waits until the specified condition is True or a non-None value is returned, and raises a TimeoutException if it remains false after a specified timeout.
11860	Waits until all traits are present. If any of the traits is still not present after the timeout, raises a TimeoutException.
11861	Set a list of exceptions that should be ignored inside the wait loop.
11862	Execute Main.Volume. Returns int
11863	Returns the result of executing the 'main.source' command with the given operator and value as an integer. If an exception occurs during the execution, it returns None.
11864	Send a command string to the amplifier.
11865	Return the status of the device.
11866	Power the device off if it is not already off to avoid hangs.
11867	Power the device on by sending a command if it is not already powered.
11868	Sets the volume level of the device, accepting integer values between 0 and 200.
11869	Selects a source from a list of available sources and sends the appropriate command to change the source if the system is powered on and the new source is different from the current one.
11870	Deobfuscates a URL and returns an HttpResponse from the source view, while fixing up the request environment and handling optional SEO juice.
11871	Generates CRC32 of plaintext. Modulo keeps value within int range.
11872	Obfuscates text, typically a URL, by encrypting it with a secret key and optional SEO juice.
11873	Prints the list of songs that can be downloaded.
11874	Extracts all hyperlinks and their names from a given HTML page.
11875	Returns true if user entered artist or movie name. Checks the HTML for download links and determines the highest available audio bitrate.
11876	Parses a resource URL to find the download link for a specific song quality or returns a list of download options if the song is not found.
11877	Construct a Google search URL for a given song name and website.
11878	Parse Google HTML response to extract and return the first URL.
11879	Retrieve the URL from which a music file needs to be downloaded based on the song name and website.
11880	It will download the HTML page specified by `url` and return the HTML response.
11881	Downloads a file specified by a URL using the requests module and saves it to the current working directory, printing progress and an error message if the file already exists or if there is a network error.
11882	This method downloads a file specified by the URL using the wget utility of Linux.
11883	```u
Lookup AQI database for station codes in a given city.
```
11884	Lookup observations by geo coordinates and return parsed data if the request is successful.
11885	Output:
Decodes AQICN observation response JSON into a Python object. json input JSON data from the AQICN observation response.
11886	Request station data for a specific station identified by code and return the parsed observation response if the request is successful.
11887	The list of logical paths which are used to search for an asset. This property is applicable only if the asset was created with a logical path. The search paths include the specified path and an index file if it exists in the same directory, with the same suffix.
11888	Return a list of compilers used to build assets.
11889	Returns the MIME type of the asset.
11890	Determines the MIME type of the asset based on the compilers.
11891	Determines the implicit format extension based on the asset's compiler MIME type.
11892	Register a processor for a given mimetype.
11893	Remove processor for the given MIME type from the registry
11894	The list of search paths. It is built from registered finders, which have a `paths` property. Can be useful for compilers to resolve internal dependencies.
11895	Register default compilers, preprocessors and MIME types.
11896	Force loading of IDA's Qt bindings if running under IDA
11897	Returns the netnode used to store settings metadata in the current IDB. This function implicitly uses the open IDB via the IDC interface.
11898	Add the given plugin name to the list of plugin names registered in the current IDB.
11899	Given a plugin name, remove it from the list of registered plugin names in the current IDB. If the plugin name is not found, do nothing.
11900	Import settings from the given file system path to given settings instance.
11901	Write settings to an INI file
11902	Fetch the IDASettings instance for the current plugin with directory scope.
11903	Enumerate the keys found at any scope for the current plugin, handling PermissionError and EnvironmentError by passing without yielding the keys.
11904	Returns the response that should be used for any given exception.
11905	Returns a given table for the given user.
11906	Returns a list of tables for the given user.
11907	Fetch packages and summary from Crates.io.
11908	Extracts the identifier from an item depending on its type. Returns the item's ID if the item belongs to the CRATES category. Otherwise, converts the fetched_on timestamp to a datetime object and returns its timestamp as a string.
11909	Extracts the update time from an item, whether it's from the 'updated_at' or 'fetched_on' fields, and converts it to a UNIX timestamp format.
11910	Base method for retrieving the owner team of a crate using the crate attribute.
11911	```plaintext
Base method for retrieving the owner of a crate.
```
11912	Base method for retrieving crate version data.
11913	Get crate version downloads by fetching it from the client and parsing it as JSON.
11914	This method retrieves and returns the data for a crate based on the specified crate ID.
11915	Get Crates.io summary
11916	Get crates in alphabetical order
11917	Get a crate by its ID
11918	Base method for retrieving a crate attribute.
11919	Returns the items from Crates.io API using pagination
11920	Fetch questions from the Kitsune url.
11921	Fetches items from a Kitsune URL based on a category and offset, handling pagination and errors.
11922	Generator which retrieves questions updated starting from a given offset, iterating through multiple pages until no more questions are available.
11923	A method that fetches items from a ReMo URL based on a given category and offset. Returns a generator of items.
11924	Extracts the update time from a ReMo item and converts it to a UNIX timestamp.
11925	Extracts the category of a ReMo item based on the presence of unique fields.
11926	Retrieve all items for a given category using pagination.
11927	Retrieve and return the buffer list this instance operates on, ensuring it is only accessible in non-AIOBLOCK_MODE_POLL mode. Changes made to a submitted transfer may not reflect until the next submission.
11928	Return the IO priority for this instance, based on the aio_reqprio if the IOCB_FLAG_IOPRIO flag is set; otherwise, return None.
11929	Cancel all pending I/O blocks, wait for non-cancellable I/O blocks to finish, and de-initialize the AIO context.
11930	Submit transfers and return the number of successfully submitted blocks.
11931	Cancel an IO block and return the cancelled block's event data, or None if the kernel returned EINPROGRESS.
11932	Cancel all submitted IO blocks and returns a list of values returned by individual cancellations.
11933	Returns a list of event data from submitted IO blocks, with optional parameters for minimum number of events, maximum number of events, and timeout.
11934	A method that retrieves events from a MozillaClub URL using the feed API REST. Returns a generator of events.
11935	Retrieve all cells from the spreadsheet.
11936	Parse the MozillaClub spreadsheet feed cells json, processing events and filtering out incomplete data.
11937	Retrieve a sorted list of export formats for a given PID type.
11938	Load the default permission factory.
11939	Factory that creates an Invenio-Records-UI blueprint.
11940	Create a Werkzeug URL rule for a specific endpoint using the provided parameters and return a dictionary with the necessary arguments.

### Example 2:
Input:
def calculate_discount(price, discount_rate):
    """
    Calculate the discounted price for a given product.

    Args:
        price (float): The original price of the product.
        discount_rate (float): The discount rate (0-1).

    Returns:
        float: The discounted price.

    Raises:
        ValueError: If the discount rate is not between 0 and 1.
    """
    if not 0 <= discount_rate <= 1:
        raise ValueError("Discount rate must be between 0 and 1")

    return price * (1 - discount_rate)

Output:
Calculate the discounted price based on the original price and discount rate.
11941	Display a record view by resolving the PID and record, checking permissions, and then calling a view method.
11942	A function that displays the default view by sending a record_viewed signal and rendering a template with the given PID and record objects. Additional view arguments can be passed using keyword arguments.
11943	Export a record using a specific format and template, handling different serialization formats and template rendering.
11944	Send a Timer metric calculating duration of execution of the provided callable
11945	Close the socket to free system resources. After the socket is closed, further operations with socket will fail. Multiple calls to close will have no effect.
11946	Remove a client from the users of the socket. If there are no more clients, the socket will close automatically.
11947	Increment a Counter metric by the given count and rate, but only if it should be sent based on the specified rate.
11948	Send a Timer metric with the specified duration in milliseconds, provided the rate condition is met.
11949	Send a Timer metric calculating the duration since the start time.
11950	Send a Gauge metric with the specified value.
11951	Send a GaugeDelta metric to change a Gauge by the specified value.
11952	Send a Set metric with the specified unique value.
11953	Override the parent method to buffer the metric instead of sending it immediately.
11954	Factory method to create a batch client with the same settings as the current client.
11955	Return a client with the same settings as the batch client.
11956	Send buffered metrics in batch requests
11957	Create a permission checker class with a `can` method that checks if a record's access level is 'open'.
11958	Return a TCP batch client with the same settings as the TCP client.
11959	Send buffered metrics in batch requests over TCP
11960	Return a TCPClient with the same settings as the batch TCP client.
11961	shortcut for creating users with customizable permissions and groups
11962	Tries to convert a Python object into an OpenMath object using various conditions and handler for different data types
11963	Converts a term into OpenMath, using either a converter or the interpretAsOpenMath method.
11964	Convert OpenMath object to Python
11965	Convert Python object to OpenMath.
11966	Register a Python class to OpenMath converter.
11967	Register a conversion from OpenMath to Python.
11968	Initializes the redis configuration with the app object and sets up a request handler.
11969	Retrieve keys from choices where values are lists or tuples.
11970	Given a dictionary of keyword arguments for a model in Django, it separates the fields into those that belong to the model and those that belong to subfields.
11971	Function to register form field data function. Can be used as a decorator.
11972	Returns a value based on the provided arguments and the registry. Raises a TypeError if no match is found for the field type.
11973	Given a form class and additional keyword arguments, returns a tuple containing the form data and files.
11974	Return None if field is not required randomly.
11975	Select a random choice from the `field.choices`.
11976	Return random value for DecimalField
11977	Return random value for EmailField with specified length constraints
11978	Return random value for DateField within a specified range.
11979	Generates a random date and time value in a specified format
11980	Return random value for FloatField within specified range and precision
11981	Return random value for IntegerField
11982	Generates a random time value in the specified format
11983	Return a random value for a ChoiceField.
11984	Return a random value for a MultipleChoiceField.
11985	Return one of the first ten items from the field's queryset.
11986	Encodes an OpenMath element into a string and returns it as bytes.
11987	Deploys the app to PYPI.
11988	Deploy a version tag to git.
11989	Sometimes return None if field could be blank.
11990	Evaluates an OpenMath symbol describing a global Python object.
11991	Apply the setstate protocol to initialize `inst` from `state`.
11992	Converts a list of OM objects into an OM object.
11993	Converts a tuple of OM objects into an OM object
11994	Decodes a PackBit encoded data.
11995	Encodes data using PackBits encoding.
11996	Implementation to handle float precision issues, ensuring accurate binary rounding for financial applications.
11997	Formats a given number with comma-separated thousands and custom precision/decimal places, optionally localized according to specified separators or settings.
11998	Formats a number into a human-readable currency string based on specified options.
11999	Import a blosc array into a numpy array.
12000	Exports a numpy array to a blosc array.
12001	Add a workspace entry in user config file.
12002	Remove workspace from config file.
12003	### List all available workspaces.
12004	Get workspace infos from name.Return None if workspace doesn't exists.
12005	Check if a repository exists within a workspace.
12006	Synchronise workspace's repositories.
12007	Clones a repository using the appropriate adapter based on the URL scheme.
12008	Checks if the installed version of ndio is outdated and provides an update command if available.
12009	Converts a boolean numpy array to a list of voxel indices.
12010	Converts a list of voxel coordinates into an ndarray with populated voxels marked as 1.
12011	Execute update subcommand
12012	Print repository update status.
12013	Sets up a console handler for logging, optionally setting the log level to INFO if debug mode is off.
12014	Execute command using os.popen and return the output, logging the command execution, standard output, and standard error.
12015	Import a PNG file into a NumPy array.
12016	Export a numpy array to a png file or save a binary png string to a file.
12017	Exports a numpy array to a set of PNG files, with each Z-index 2D array as its own 2D file.
12018	Print workspace status
12019	Prints the status of a repository with the given name and path, logging it in green and handling any repository errors.
12020	Gets the block-size for a given token at a given resolution. If no resolution is specified, uses the minimum available. Returns the xyz blocksize.
12021	Accepts 3D data in zyx format and uploads it to a server using BLOSCLZ compression.
12022	Method to import a TIFF file into a numpy array by expanding the filename to be absolute, reading the TIFF image, and returning the image data as a numpy array.
12023	Export a numpy array to a TIFF file and return the expanded filename.
12024	r Load a multipage tiff into a single variable in x,y,z format.
12025	Writes config data, which must be a dictionary, to a configuration file.
12026	Clone repository from url.
12027	Get version from package resources.
12028	Returns a formatted greeting string based on the given name and optionally yells the greeting.
12029	Same as mix_and_match, but uses the @option decorator to add more control over command line options.
12030	Requests a list of next-available-IDs from the server.
12031	Calls a RESTful endpoint to merge two RAMON objects and optionally delete the merged object.
12032	Kick off the propagate function on the remote server.
12033	Lists projects related to a dataset. Returns projects found based on dataset query.
12034	Returns information regarding a particular dataset based on the provided name.
12035	This function retrieves datasets from resources, allowing the user to specify whether they want all public datasets in the cloud or only their public datasets. The function returns the datasets in JSON format.
12036	Parse the show subcommand to display workspace details.
12037	Execute the 'show' subcommand based on the provided arguments. If a specific name is provided, it will show the workspace with that name. If the 'all' flag is set, it will display all workspaces.
12038	Display the details of a specific workspace, including its path and repositories.
12039	Show details for all workspaces
12040	Returns the base URL of the Remote.
12041	Guess the appropriate data type from file extension.
12042	Reads in a file from disk and returns a numpy.ndarray. If the file format is one of 'png', 'jpg', 'tiff', 'tif', 'jpeg', it uses Image.open to read the file. Otherwise, it raises a NotImplementedError.
12043	Converts one file's data to another file's format, guessing the formats if not provided.
12044	### Summary
`build_graph` is a method that builds a graph using the graph-services endpoint. It accepts parameters such as project, site, subject, session, scan, and others to customize the graph construction. The method can run asynchronously using threads if specified, and a callback function can be provided for notification upon completion. It validates the inputs and handles exceptions related to invalid values and server errors gracefully.
12045	Compute invariants from a GraphML file using remote grute graph services.
12046	Converts a graph from one format to another.
12047	Converts a list of RAMON objects to a dictionary indexed by ID.
12048	Takes a string or integer input and returns the corresponding class type.
12049	Deletes a channel given its name, name of its project, and name of its dataset. Returns True if channel is deleted, False if not.
12050	Add a new dataset to the ingest with various parameters such as dataset name, image size, voxel resolution, offset, timerange, scalinglevels, and scaling.
12051	Generate ND JSON object for the given dataset, project, channel list, and metadata.
12052	Generate the dataset dictionary with specified parameters and optional attributes
12053	Generate the channel dictionary with specified parameters.
12054	Generate a dictionary for a project with optional token name and public status.
12055	Identify the image size based on the image type and path.
12056	Tries to post data to the server.
12057	Returns a path for the given workspace and/or repository based on the provided configuration.
12058	Get a list of public tokens available on this server. Returns: list of public tokens
12059	Get project information for a given token.
12060	Inserts new metadata into the OCP metadata database using the provided token and data. Raises an error if the token is already populated or if the specified `secret` key is invalid.
12061	Get a response object for a given URL, handling errors and authentication.
12062	Method to create and return a POST request object with optional JSON or data parameters, and handles authentication using a token.
12063	HTTP DELETE operation using a URL and token.
12064	Import a HDF5 file into a numpy array.
12065	Export a numpy array to a HDF5 file.
12066	Adds a character matrix to a DendroPy tree and infers gaps using Fitch's algorithm. Evaluates gap placements at ancestral nodes based on sequence data.
12067	calls `map` to shift the recover execution to flat_map_nvim_io
12068	Install our gettext and ngettext functions into Jinja2's environment.
12069	Acquire a lock, update the state in `guard` in-place, log information, handle failures, update the state again, release the lock, and return the response.
12070	Calculate a percentage.
12071	Get stats info.
12072	Get slabs info from memcached server.
12073	Add admin global context for compatibility with Django 1.7.
12074	Function to retrieve the status of all servers, displaying cache statistics and whether slab data can be retrieved, rendered using a specific HTML template.
12075	Function to display the Memcache dashboard. Checks if memcached is configured and retrieves cache stats. Depending on the availability of cache stats, it renders either the dashboard template with cache information or an error template.
12076	Show server statistics for a given server name, retrieve and display cache statistics using a template.
12077	Displays Memcache slabs for a specific server.
12078	Converts a byte value into a human-readable format.
12079	Chooses which strategy to use to find the context for a config (either a 'config' kwarg, or it searches within the data dictionary for a nested 'config'). It then returns the first 'config' it finds. If it doesn't find a 'config' in the kwarg dictionary, it searches through each Directory's child items for a 'config'. If no 'config' is found, it returns None.
12080	Add objects to the environment.
12081	Replace any config tokens in the file's path with values from the config.
12082	Get the path to the file relative to its parent.
12083	Read and return the contents of the file.
12084	Write data to a file using specified mode.
12085	Configure the Python logging module according to specified parameters.
12086	Create the file. If the file already exists, an exception will be raised.
12087	Replace any config tokens with values from the config.
12088	Return the path to this directory.
12089	Remove the directory with optional recursive and ignore error options.
12090	Prepare the Directory for use in an Environment. This will create the directory if the create flag is set.
12091	Clean up children and remove the directory if the cleanup flag is set.
12092	Method returns the path to something inside the directory by joining the current path with the given path.
12093	Lists the contents of the directory.
12094	Writes data to a file in the directory.
12095	Read a file from the directory.
12096	Add objects to the directory.
12097	Save the state to a file.
12098	Load a saved state file from a specified path if it exists.
12099	Clean up the saved state by removing the file if it exists.
12100	Loads plugins from the specified directory. Recursively traverses the directory, loading Python modules that contain subclasses of the Plugin class.
12101	Recursively merge values from a nested dictionary into another nested dictionary.
12102	Return a ConfigNode object representing a child node with the specified relative path.
12103	Returns a tuple containing a reference to the last container in the path and the last component in the key path.
12104	Get the value represented by this node.
12105	Updates the configuration with new data, handling both `data` and `options` parameters in a manner similar to CherryPy's configuration mechanism.
12106	Load the config and defaults from files.
12107	Apply the config to a string.
12108	Builds a callback URL for confirming message delivery status using Twilio.
12109	Called when socket is read-ready; handles input from the socket while logging exceptions and updating the connection status.
12110	Process output on write-ready socket.
12111	Helper method for sending an RPC request
12112	Read from the network layer and processes all data read. Supports both blocking and non-blocking sockets. Returns the number of input bytes processed or EOS if input processing is done. Any exceptions raised by the socket are re-raised.
12113	-write data to the network layer
12114	For use as a decorator that prevents callbacks from calling into link methods that are not reentrant.
12115	Return a map containing the settle modes as provided by the remote. Skip any default value.
12116	Configure addresses, properties, and mode settings for a link.
12117	Return the authorative source address of a link, determined by whether the link is a sender or not.
12118	Return the authorative target of the link.
12119	Handle session closure by checking remote and local states and performing necessary actions.
12120	Creates a new sender link using the provided name and returns it after requesting.
12121	Create a sender link from a request.
12122	Creates a new receiver link using the provided name.
12123	Create a receiver link from a request.
12124	Destroy link and close session if no more links are present.
12125	```
Handle the closure of a peer's session end, including logging the request and closing associated links.
```
12126	Handle an endpoint state change event by updating the state and calling a transition method.
12127	Modifies inline patterns to include a new pattern for marking text.
12128	Peer has closed its end of the link. Close the receiver link and set the done flag to True.
12129	A protocol error occurred, and the receiver link was closed as a result. The `done` flag was then set to True.
12130	Parse the hostname and port out of the server_address.
12131	Create a TCP connection to the server.
12132	Create a TCP listening socket for a server.
12133	Determine which connections need processing. Returns a triple of lists containing connections that need to read from the network, need to write to the network, and are waiting for pending timers to expire. The timer list is sorted by the connection expiring next.
12134	Decorator that prevents callbacks from calling into methods that are not reentrant.
12135	Process the connection state, handling SASL authentication, timers, and Proton events, and check for connection failures or closure.
12136	Get a buffer of data that needs to be written to the network.
12137	Create a Sender link with optional parameters and properties.
12138	Rejects the SenderLink, and destroys the handle.
12139	Create a new receiver link.
12140	Cleans up after a connection failure is detected, logging the error if it hasn't already occurred.
12141	Handle the active state of both ends of an Endpoint, logging a debug message and notifying the handler.
12142	Handle the remote closure of an endpoint by logging the event and calling the handler method if present.
12143	Handle protocol error in endpoint state machine.
12144	Ensures that the view function is only called with requests from Twilio, exempt from CSRF checks, and allows returning TwiML or Verb objects directly.
12145	Adobe output string for defining colors
12146	Given a search path, find files with the requested extension and store them in a dictionary with their names and paths.
12147	May be used to compress PDF files. Code is more readable for testing and inspection if not compressed. Requires a boolean.
12148	Adds an object to the object array, optionally overwriting a placeholder object based on the given flag and returns the object.
12149	Stores the pdf code in a buffer. If it is page related, provide the page object.
12150	Creates a PDF text stream sandwich.
12151	Adds a page to the document and adds text to the new page, resetting the cursor to the start of the new page.
12152	Sets the draw, fill, and text color schemes for the field, defaulting to black if not specified.
12153	An internal method to set the initial default font. Change the font using set_font method.
12154	Adds a page separately or creates a default one, updates the page index, appends it to the pages list, sets the current font, and resets colors.
12155	Change the font size of the object if it is different from the given size.
12156	Input:
def add_text(self, text, cursor=None, justification=None):
        """ Input text, short or long. Writes in order, within the defined page boundaries. Sequential add_text commands will print without
            additional whitespace. """
        if cursor is None:
            cursor = self.page.cursor

        text = re.sub("\s\s+" , " ", text)

        if justification is None:
            justification = self.justification

        if '\n' in text:
            text_list = text.split('\n')
            for text in text_list:
                PDFText(self.session, self.page, text, self.font, self.text_color, cursor, justification, self.double_spacing)
                self.add_newline()
        else:
            PDFText(self.session, self.page, text, self.font, self.text_color, cursor, justification, self.double_spacing)
Output:
This function adds text to a PDF document, handling both single and multi-line text, and adjusting the cursor and justification as needed.
12157	Add new lines in the document. If the number of new lines is specified, it will leave that many lines. If the input is not an integer, it will raise a TypeError.
12158	Add a pie chart to the PDF using the provided data and parameters.
12159	Creates page objects and their content based on the PDFLite object's specifications.
12160	Return a list of the pages that have orientation changes.
12161	Called by the PDFLite object to prompt creating the font objects.
12162	Creates reference images that can be drawn throughout the document.
12163	Output PDF image objects with various attributes and data streams.
12164	Adjust the current transformation state of the current graphics state matrix.
12165	For x, y coordinates, return the absolute position in user space relative to the default user space.
12166	Set the style of an object, which can be 'B' for bold, 'U' for underline, or 'I' for italic. The underline style can also be modified by specifying its thickness and position. If the style is not specified or is not 'B', 'U', or 'I', the style will be set to an empty string and the underline flag will be set to False. If the family of the object is 'symbol' or 'zapfdingbats', no styling will be applied.
12167	Rotates a point using polar coordinates, correcting for start angle.
12168	Given property info, sets value (add them to items if they are blank, otherwise do nothing).
12169	This function sets the default viewing options for display, including zoom and layout mode.
12170	Prompt objects to output PDF code and save to a file, organizing pages, headers, resources, and other document elements.
12171	Write the standard first line in a PDF and, if compression is enabled, add a compression marker to the session buffer.
12172	First, the Document object handles the individual page objects and content. Then, the overall "Pages" object is generated. It sets references and properties for the pages.
12173	Creates PDF reference to resource objects.
12174	Create a PDF Information object and add it to the session.
12175	Catalog object and set properties.
12176	This function performs final trailer calculations and end-of-file reference for a PDF file. It updates the cross-reference table, calculates an MD5 hash based on file metadata, and writes the trailer dictionary to the PDF session buffer.
12177	Floyd's Cycle Detector.

See help(cycle_detector) for more context.

Yields: Values yielded by sequence_a if it terminates, undefined if a cycle is found.

Raises: CycleFound if exception is found; if called with f and `start`, the parameters `first` and `period` will be defined indicating the offset of the start of the cycle and the cycle's period.
12178	Naive cycle detector that yields values from a sequence and raises a CycleDetected exception if a cycle is found.
12179	Analyse frame.
12180	Brent's Cycle Detector to identify cycles in a sequence.
12181	Given a test length, check if the line has enough space to accommodate that length.
12182	Test to see if the page has enough space for the given text height.
12183	Compare the x-coordinate of the current instance with the x-coordinate of another instance.
12184	Determine whether the y-coordinates of two coordinates are the same.
12185	Create a copy of the current object and return the copy.
12186	Adds a delta value to the x attribute, optionally using a provided value.
12187	Add a delta to the current y value. If no delta is provided, use the default value.
12188	Draw a document table
12189	Creates a new label with an optional description and color, and returns the response. If no description or color is provided, a random one will be assigned.
12190	Get all current labels.
12191	Get labels by name and return a list of matching labels. If no matches are found, an empty list is returned. If there is an error from Logentries, a `ServerException` is raised.
12192	Updates a label by sending a POST request to the server.
12193	### Summary:
```
Delete the specified label.

:param id: The label's ID.
:type id: str

:raises ServerException: Raises a ServerException if there's an error from Logentries.
```
12194	Create a new tag with a unique label ID.
12195	A method to retrieve all current tags by filtering actions from the Logentries API response. It raises a `ServerException` if there is an error.
12196	Return a list of tags that match a given label's ``sn`` key. If no matches are found, an empty list is returned.
12197	Create a hook with the given parameters such as name, regexes, tag_ids, and logs. Returns the response from the server or raises a ServerException if there is an error.
12198	Get all current hooks.
12199	Update a hook with the provided data, which must include keys for id, name, triggers, sources, groups, and actions.
12200	Create a new alert with specified configuration parameters.
12201	Return a list of alerts that match the specified alert type and arguments, or an empty list if no matches are found.
12202	Updating an alert with specified parameters and returning the result.
12203	Initialize Sphinx extension for todo, mathjax, intersphinx, and extlinks. Configure intersphinx mappings for Python documentation and SageMath documents. Configure extlinks for various URL patterns. Set the HTML theme to 'sage'.
12204	Method returns the location of the themes directory from the location of the current package
12205	A wrapper for posting data to a Logentries API endpoint. Accepts a request type, URI, and optional parameters, constructs a request payload, makes a POST request, and raises a ServerException if the response is not OK. Returns the JSON response data.
12206	Return a dictionary of log sets with hostnames as keys and log keys as values.
12207	Get a specific log or log set from Logentries and return its response as a dictionary. Raises a ServerException if there is an error from Logentries.
12208	```python
Find a slider attacker in a given position on the board. Takes into account the occupancy of the board and the position of the attacking piece. Uses the domain resolution to map between different ranks/files/diagonals and their single rotated/translated rank. Stores the resulting positions in the dest_list.
```
12209	Calculate the approximate transit duration for an eccentric orbit.
12210	This method updates the transit keyword arguments, validates the input parameters, and updates the relevant objects.
12211	Computes the light curve model.
12212	Bins the light curve model to the provided time array.
12213	Frees the memory used by all dynamically allocated C arrays.
12214	Reads data from the socket and appends it to the buffer, raising an exception if the read operation fails.
12215	Generator that reads a line of data from the server. It first attempts to read from the internal buffer and requests more data from the server if necessary until a line of data can be read. Yields a line of data when available.
12216	Generator that reads a block of data from the server. It first attempts to read from the internal buffer and, if not enough data is available, requests more data from the server. Yields data blocks when enough data is available.
12217	Reads a command response status from a socket and returns the status code and message. Raises exceptions for protocol errors and temporary/permanent errors based on the status code.
12218	r Dispatcher for selecting the appropriate info generator based on the provided parameters.
12219	Return the complete content of an info response.
12220	Call a command on the server.
12221	Method for determining the capabilities of the server through the CAPABILITIES command.
12222	Instructs a mode-switching server to switch modes and returns a boolean value indicating whether posting is allowed or not.
12223	Handles the QUIT command by sending it to the server, which instructs the server to close the connection. After the server acknowledges the request, the client and server connections are closed, ensuring a graceful shutdown. No other methods of the NNTPClient object should be called after this method is invoked.
12224	DATE command. Returns the UTC time according to the server as a datetime object. Raises an exception if the timestamp can't be parsed.
12225	Provides a summary of commands understood by the usenet server.
12226	Returns a generator for the NEWGROUPS command that yields tuples containing the newsgroup name, low water mark, high water mark, and status for newsgroups created on the server since the specified timestamp. If the timestamp is naive, it is assumed to be in GMT. Raises an exception if the NEWGROUPS command returns a non-231 code.
12227	Return a generator for the NEWNEWS command that yields message-ids for articles created since a specified timestamp for newsgroups matching a given pattern.
12228	Retrieves a list of message-ids for articles created since the specified timestamp for newsgroups with names that match the given pattern.
12229	Generates a list of active newsgroups that match the specified pattern, yielding their name, low water mark, high water mark, and status.
12230	Generates a list of newsgroups including the creation time and who created them.
12231	Generates a list of newsgroups including the name and a short description using the LIST NEWSGROUPS command. Yields tuples containing the name and description for the newsgroup.
12232	Generate a generator for the LIST OVERVIEW.FMT command response.
12233	List extensions using a generator
12234	Generate a list based on the provided keyword.
12235	Handles the LIST command based on the specified keyword. Processes different list commands such as ACTIVE, ACTIVE.TIMES, DISTRIB.PATS, HEADERS, NEWSGROUPS, OVERVIEW.FMT, and EXTENSIONS, and returns formatted output. Raises NotImplementedError for unsupported keywords.
12236	Retrieve total, first, last, and group from the GROUP command response.
12237	NEXT command. Returns the article number and identifier.
12238	```
ARTICLE command: Retrieve an article by its message ID or number.
```
12239	Executes the `HEAD` command for an NNTP server and returns the headers of a specific article. If the command is successful, it returns the parsed headers; otherwise, it raises an error.
12240	Sends the "BODY" command to retrieve the full body of an article, optionally decoding it using the YENC encoding if specified.
12241	XGTITLE command.
12242	Command to fetch a list of messages from a server, optionally specifying a range of message IDs. Returns the response from the server.
12243	Send an XZHDR command to fetch XZ header data for a specified article or range of articles.
12244	Returns a generator for the XOVER command, which retrieves information from the overview database for specified article(s).
12245	A generator for the XPAT command.
12246	Hash the query to a single integer
12247	Emulate XFEATURE COMPRESS GZIP command.
12248	POST command that sends a message to a usenet server, raises an exception if a newline character is detected in the message body, checks if illegal characters were detected and raises an exception if they were, returns a message-id if one is detected, otherwise returns true
12249	Parse timezone to offset in seconds.
12250	Returns a unix timestamp parsed from a datetime string using either fast custom parsing or the dateutil parser.
12251	Parses a datetime string to a datetime object using fast custom parsing for common formats or the slow dateutil parser for other formats.
12252	Convenience method for posting data to a URL, handling potential errors and returning the response in JSON format.
12253	Send a DELETE request and raise an exception if the response is not OK.
12254	Convenience method for getting.
12255	List all scheduled queries and return them as a list of dictionaries.
12256	List all tags for the account, including scheduled query IDs for anomaly alerts.
12257	Get alert by name or id.
12258	Create an inactivity alert.
12259	Delete an InactivityAlert by its tag ID.
12260	Create a scheduled query with specified parameters.
12261	**Summary:** The function `create` is used to create an anomaly alert. It makes two requests: one to create a "scheduled_query" and another to create the alert. The function takes various parameters such as name, query, scope_count, scope_unit, increase_positive, percentage_change, trigger_config, logs, and alert_reports. It constructs a tag data object with this information and sends a POST request to create the alert. The function returns the API response of the alert creation. It raises a ServerException if there is an error from Logentries.
12262	Delete a specified anomaly alert tag and its scheduled query by making three requests to Logentries API.
12263	Unparse a range argument
12264	Parse a newsgroup info line to python types.Returns a tuple of group name, low-water as integer, high-water as integer and posting status.Raises ValueError if the newsgroup info cannot be parsed.
12265	Parse a header line.
12266	Parse a dictionary of headers to a string that can be used in an NNTP POST.
12267	Handles POST request from Boundary Url Action
12268	Run tests and generate a report
12269	Returns a docstring from a list of default values, with optional header and footer.
12270	Decorator to append default keyword arguments to a function.
12271	Add the default values to the class docstring
12272	Set the value and invoke hooks for type-checking and bounds-checking, which may be implemented by sub-classes.
12273	For attributes with a specified data type (`dtype`), this method ensures that assigned values match the expected type. If the `dtype` is `None`, or if the assigned `value` is `None`, the method returns without raising an error. Otherwise, it checks if the `value` is an instance of `dtype`. If they do not match, it raises a `TypeError` with a message indicating the mismatch.
12274	Retrieves the current value either from a cache or by invoking a loader function. If the value is not cached, it computes it using the loader, caches it, and then returns it. Raises an error if the loader function does not return a value of the expected type.
12275	Check whether the value can be cast to a scalar, allowing size 1 numpy arrays and lists, and raise a TypeError if it cannot.
12276	Return the symmetric errorSimilar to above, but zero implies no error estimate, and otherwise this will either be the symmetric error, or the average of the low,high asymmetric errors.
12277	Set parameter error estimate
12278	Set the value, bounds, free, and errors based on corresponding kwargs. Invokes hooks for type-checking and bounds-checking that may be implemented by sub-classes.
12279	Get command line arguments Read the JSON file Parse into a dictionary Create or update definitions using API call
12280	Extract required fields from an array
12281	This function applies a filter to a set of metrics based on a predetermined criteria. If a filter expression is specified, it iterates through the metrics and adds only those whose names match the filter to a new list. If no filter expression is provided, it simply returns the original metrics. The filtered metrics are then extracted into a new dictionary and assigned back to the `metrics` attribute.
12282	Make a JSON RPC call to the meter.
12283	expression_terminal can parse different types of expressions including identifier, terminal, option_group, repetition_group, grouping_group, and special_handling. It attempts to parse the given text using these alternatives.
12284	Character for separating objects.
12285	Handles addition operation and returns a terminal symbol representing the operation.
12286	Initialize properties by extracting derived and required properties, and do appropriate book-keeping, including setting default loaders for derived properties.
12287	Returns a list of Parameter objects based on the provided parameter names, or all Parameter objects if no names are provided.
12288	Return an array with the parameter values. If a list of parameter names is provided, it returns the values of those parameters. If no list is provided, it returns the values of all parameters.
12289	Get parameter errors.
12290	Reset the value of all Derived properties to None. This method is called by setp and by extension __setattr__.
12291	Ensure the value is a supported HTTP method before assigning it.
12292	Gets the TSP_EMAIL, TSP_API_TOKEN, and TSP_API_HOST environment variables and stores them in the respective class attributes. If TSP_API_HOST is not set, then sets it to the default value 'api.truesight.bmc.com'.
12293	Returns encoded URL parameters.
12294	HTTP Get Request
12295	HTTP Delete Request
12296	HTTP Post Request
12297	HTTP PUT Request
12298	Invoke an API to fetch metric definition
12299	Check scene name and whether remote file exists. Raises WrongSceneNameError if the scene name is wrong.
12300	Get satellite ID and stations based on the satellite type.
12301	Gets the filesize of a remote file. Attempts to retrieve the size using urllib and handles HTTP errors by logging and retrying the connection.
12302	Download remote .tar.bz file.
12303	Validate that the `bands` parameter is a list of valid satellite bands. If not a valid band, raises an `InvalidBandError`.
12304	Method for establishing a connection to Earth Explorer without using a proxy, handling authentication through username and password.
12305	Make a callable that checks if a name starts with a given prefix.
12306	Return a datetime.tzinfo implementation for the given timezone.
12307	Correct the timezone information on the given datetime.
12308	Joins an iterable by a delimiter, replacing instances of delimiter in items with escape + delimiter.
12309	Given a string, this function returns a list of positions where all new lines occur. This helps in efficiently finding coordinates represented by offset positions.
12310	Points to a position in source code and formats it according to the given parameters.
12311	Send output in textual format
12312	Apply the criteria to filter out unwanted elements from the output
12313	Initialize based on a list of fortune files.
12314	Initialize based on a list of fortune files with set chances
12315	Code Summary:

pypr step that checks if a file or directory path exists.
12316	```python
 rule = identifier , "=" , expression , ";" ;
```
12317	?" , identifier , ?
12318	Returns the parse tree generated by the source, creating it if necessary.
12319	Extract AST rules from a grammar object
12320	Method for retrieving_comments from the AST.
12321	Parses and returns the directives from comments of the disk, caching the result for efficiency.
12322	Return the python source of the parser generated from the input source. If the output source is not_compile()
12323	Returns the python source code for the generated parser.
12324	Reads the directives and generates source code for custom imports.
12325	Returns a string that contains the python source code for the Parser TokenType enum.
12326	Builds the class definition of the parser.
12327	Gets the entry_point value for the parser.
12328	Generates the source code for a rule in Python. The method creates a string that represents a function in Python, which attempts to match a given text using a rule's expression. The function includes documentation for the rule, attempts to match the text, and returns the result of applying the rule's definition to the text. If the rule is a wrapper around a single terminal, it converts the terminal shorthand to an actual terminal call.
12329	Gets the variable part of the source code for a rule.
12330	Returns the source code text for transforming a rule based on the specified transform type (`retype`, `compress`, or `identity`).
12331	Convert an expression to an Abstract Syntax Tree Node.
12332	Converts a parse tree node into an abstract syntax tree node.
12333	Flattens a list of optree operands based on a predicate, used to convert nested structures like concatenations into a flat list.
12334	Hoists grouping group expressions up to their parent node in an optree.
12335	Convert an abstract syntax tree to python source code
12336	Returns Python source code from an abstract syntax operator tree.
12337	Converts an AST terminal to Python source code.
12338	Convert an AST option group to python source code.
12339	Convert an AST repetition group to python source code
12340	Convert an AST special handling to Python source code.
12341	Converts an AST alternate operation to Python source code.
12342	Convert an AST concatenate op to Python source code
12343	Converts an AST exclude operation to Python source code.
12344	Converts an AST multiply operation to Python source code.
12345	Converts an AST repeat operation to Python source code.
12346	Takes a predicate (either a string name or a function) and returns a list of directives that match the predicate.
12347	Return whether a child node of a parse tree should be flattened based on its type.
12348	Extracts directives from a comment. Directives are lines in a comment that begin with '!'.
12349	Handle the results of the API call by examining the HTTP return code and printing the response if it is not 200.
12350	Retrieve a new ID if the provided one is None.
12351	Remove a global hotkey for the specified control and key.
12352	Method to configure handling of command line arguments for a product.
12353	Configure logging based on command line options
12354	Validates the command line arguments passed to the CLI. Ensures that both e-mail and API token are provided. Returns False if any of them are missing.
12355	Convert a list of nodes in infix order to a list of nodes in postfix order using operator precedence and associativity.
12356	Converts a list of nodes in postfix order to an Optree by iteratively reducing the nodes until a single Optree is obtained. If the input list is empty or if the single remaining node is an OperatorNode without operands, raises an OperatorError.
12357	Finds and processes the first operator and its operands in a list, replacing them with an OptreeNode
12358	Method to add specific arguments for a Command Line Interface (CLI) metric.
12359	Read the file and parse JSON into a dictionary
12360	Looks up the metric definition from the definitions from the API call.
12361	Get the maximum length of each column in the field table
12362	Get the maximum length of each column in a dataset
12363	Escape underscores in metric names for correct markdown formatting
12364	Sends field definitions to standard out
12365	Sends the markdown of the metric definitions to standard out.
12366	Generates Markdown by looking up each metric and outputting in Markdown format
12367	Attempt to parse source code.
12368	Keeps track of the furthest point in the source code the parser has reached.
12369	Method to add specific command line arguments for this command.
12370	Attempt to parse the passed-in string into a valid datetime. If we get a parse error, assume the string is an epoch time and convert to a datetime.
12371	Output results in CSV format
12372	Converts structured text data into JSON format and prints it in a colorized format.
12373	Output results in raw JSON format.
12374	Convert JSON results to XML format and print them in a pretty-printed format.
12375	Check if a node is a terminal and can be trimmed
12376	Prettily print a parse tree to the specified file, with optional customizations for depth, spacing, and source length.
12377	Returns a partial of _get_repetition that accepts only a text argument.
12378	Checks the beginning of text for a value. If it is found, a terminal ParseNode is returned filled out appropriately for the value it found. DeadEnd is raised if the value does not match.
12379	Tries to pull text with extractor repeatedly while respecting the defined bounds.
12380	Returns extractor's result if exclusion does not match. If exclusion raises DeadEnd, the result of extractor(text) is returned. Otherwise, exclusion matches and DeadEnd is raised.
12381	Returns the number of characters at the beginning of the text that are whitespace.
12382	This method calls an extractor on some text. If the extractor is a string, it is passed to `_get_terminal` with the text as an argument. Otherwise, the extractor is treated as a callable and the text is passed directly to it.
12383	Gets the position of the text processed by the ParseNode. If the ParseNode lacks its position, it seeks it from its initial child. Terminal 'Value Nodes' must have their own position, or an exception will be thrown.
12384	Return True if this node has no children, or if all of its children are ParseNode instances and are empty.
12385	Add ignored text to the node and update the consumed property
12386	Returns True if node_type equals the given value or any value in a tuple of values.
12387	Flattens nodes by hoisting children up to ancestor nodes. A node is hoisted if pred(node) returns True.
12388	Trim a ParseTree by recursively trimming each child if the predicate returns True.
12389	Return a new ParseNode with the combined children of the current node and another node, excluding any empty children.
12390	Returns a new node with the same contents as self but with a new node type.
12391	Converts a node into a value node by concatenating all its children's values into a single string child.
12392	Return the current position of the cursor.
12393	Returns the index of the deepest character read.
12394	Moves the cursor to the next character and updates cursor position tracking.
12395	Sets cursor to the beginning of the next line
12396	Sets cursor as end of previous line.
12397	Returns the last line of the content before the current cursor position.
12398	Increment the cursor by a specified length, moving to the next character or line as necessary.
12399	Append the current cursor position to the contexts list and return True.
12400	Rollback to previous saved position.
12401	Return a pretty-printed representation of the Translator using Fmt.
12402	Sets the name for an object and updates the internal names accordingly.
12403	Counts the number of variables defined in the scope.
12404	Returns the count of functions defined in this scope.
12405	**Update internal counters**

- `self._ntypes`: Counts the number of types.
- `self._nvars`: Counts the number of variables.
- `self._nfuns`: Counts the number of functions.
12406	Update the current scope with values from another set or scope.
12407	Create a new Set produce by the union of two Sets.
12408	In-place update of a set with common values from another set.
12409	Create a new Set result from the intersection of two Set objects
12410	Remove values common with another Set
12411	Create a new Set produced by subtracting another Set
12412	**Summary**:
- **Operation**: Modifies the current set by removing keys that are present in another set and adding keys that are not present in the current set from the other set.
12413	Create a new Set with values present in only one Set
12414	Adds an object to the set, handling scope and ensuring uniqueness.
12415	Remove item from dictionary, raise KeyError if not found.
12416	Removes a signature if it is present. Returns True if the signature was removed and False otherwise.
12417	Retrieve all values
12418	Retrieve the first Signature from `_hsig` dictionary based on the key order after sorting.
12419	Retrieve the last Signature based on the sorted mangling descendants.
12420	Get a signature instance by its internal_name
12421	Retrieves a set of all signatures by symbol name, creates an EvalCtx for each matching signature, and includes the parent scope in the result if no matching signatures are found.
12422	Retrieve the unique Signature associated with a given symbol name. Raises an error if multiple candidates are found in the scope.
12423	Checks for polymorphic return types in symbol artefacts. Encapsulates matching symbols into `EvalCtx` objects. Creates a new `Scope` with these objects, inheriting type/translation from the parent scope. Returns the new `Scope`.
12424	If the injector is not defined, call it from the parent; otherwise, use the defined injector.
12425	Normalizes an AST node by replacing built-in container types with referencable subclasses and recursively normalizing their contents.
12426	Allow a node to be completely mutated into any subclasses of Node by copying its class and attributes.
12427	Iterate through the data in reverse order, yielding each node's data.
12428	Check if a hit is within a specified charge range.
12429	Computes a signature using resolution, handling both type return values and type parameters, with support for variadic arguments.
12430	Process the signature and find definitions for type by resolving components.
12431	Substitute type names using `self.resolution` and handle polymorphic types.
12432	Set resolved name in resolution dictionary based on type names.
12433	Deletes the specified file from the local filesystem
12434	Deletes the specified file from the given S3 bucket.
12435	Deletes the specified file, either locally or from S3, depending on the file's storage type.
12436	Saves the specified file to the local file system.
12437	Saves the specified file to the configured S3 bucket.
12438	Save the specified file to either S3 or the local filesystem, depending on the currently enabled storage type.
12439	Finds files within an S3 bucket by prefix.
12440	Builds an enum statement
12441	Decorator to verify arguments and return types.
12442	Adds a mapping with key `thing_name` for `callobject` in `chainmap` with namespace handling.
12443	Function decorator to attach a method to a class.
12444	Attach a method to a parsing class and register it as a parser hook. The method is registered with its name unless hookname is provided.
12445	Attach a method to a parsing class and register it as a parser rule.
12446	Function decorator to attach a class to a parsing class and register it as a parser directive. The class is registered with its name unless a custom `directname` is provided.
12447	Decorator to attach a class to a parsing decorator and register it globally, using the class's name unless a direct name is provided.
12448	Allows aliasing a node to another name. Useful in binding a node to '_' as the return of a Rule. It's also the default behavior of ':>'. Raises an exception if the destination not found.
12449	Return True if the parser can consume an EOL byte sequence.
12450	Create a new child context variable to store rule nodes.
12451	Pop context variable that store rule nodes
12452	Return the text value of the node
12453	Push a new Stream into the parser. All subsequent called functions will parse this new stream until the 'popStream' function is called.
12454	Save the current index under the given name.
12455	Extract the string between saved and current index.
12456	Merge internal rules set with the given rules.
12457	Merges internal hooks with the given hooks.
12458	Merge internal directives with given directives and attach working directives to dsl.Parser class.
12459	Evaluates a rule by name. Returns the result of the rule evaluation. Raises an error if the rule is unknown.
12460	Evaluate the hook by its name and return a boolean value.
12461	Check if the specified text exists at the current position without consuming the stream.
12462	Reads one byte from the stream and returns True if successful, otherwise False if the end of the stream is reached.
12463	Consume the head byte of the stream, compare it with the given character `c`, and return True if they match. If they match, increment the current index and validate the context. If they don't match, restore the context and return False.
12464	Consume all characters in the stream until the end-of-file (EOF) is reached, validating the stream's context.
12465	Consume whitespace characters and return if context is valid.
12466	Set the data type of the hits for the clusterizer.
12467	Set the data type of the cluster.
12468	Check if the hit array has the same data type and field names as the hit clustered array.
12469	Create a tree.Rule for the given namespace name and rule ID
12470	Attach a parser tree to the dict of rules.
12471	Adds a rule name to the rule object and sets its parser tree
12472	Adds sequences to a parser tree, either appending to an existing `Seq` or creating a new one. Returns `True` on success.
12473	Creates a tree.Alt by adding the specified alternative to the existing parser tree. If the alternatives already has a parser tree, it adds the new alternative to the list. If not, it assigns the new alternative as the new parser tree.
12474	Add a read_range primitive.
12475	Adds a repeater to the previous sequence and handles errors if the repeater is a lookahead or negated rule
12476	Creates a tree.Capture for the given sequence and capture value.
12477	Creates a tree.Bind and updates the sequence's parser_tree with the given cpt Value.
12478	Creates a tree.Hook for a given sequence and hook object
12479	Parses an integer from a parameter list and assigns it to `param.pair`.
12480	Parses a string in the parameter list.
12481	Parse a char in parameter list.
12482	Parses a node name in parameter list.
12483	Parses a hook name
12484	Parses a hook parameter and appends it to a list
12485	Parses the DSL and provides a dictionary of all resulting rules. Calls by the MetaGrammar class.
12486	Consume comments and whitespace characters.
12487	Add a state `s` to the register with a unique identifier `uid`. The `uid` is based on the length of the current states in the register. The state `s` is stored with its `id` and `uid` in the `self.states` dictionary. If the state `s` is already in the register, it will not be added again.
12488	Returns a '.dot' representation of all State in the register.
12489	Write a '.dot' file.
12490	write a '.png' file from the '.dot' content
12491	Provide a useful representation of the register by collecting and formatting its states, events, named events, and UID events.
12492	Manage transition of state.
12493	Reset the living state of the S0 of each StateRegister. Measures to ensure that only one LivingState is active on the S0 and cleans up any states that are no longer needed. Additionally, reinitializes the StateRegister.
12494	Infers the type for each sub-element in the given block.
12495	Infer type on the subexpr
12496	Infer type from an ID by checking if it is declared in the scope, and if not, notify an error if it is never declared.
12497	Infer type from an LITERAL! Type of literal depend of language. We adopt a basic convention
12498	Dumps tag, rule, id, and value cache for debugging purposes. It prints the contents of the id_cache, tag_cache, and rule_nodes. If an exception occurs, it prints the error and returns False. Otherwise, it flushes the stdout and returns True.
12499	Generate code for a rule in Python using AST
12500	Returns an appropriate Python AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) statement to exit a scope based on the current state. If inside an optional block, returns `ast.Pass()`. If inside a try block, raises `AltFalse`. If inside a loop, returns `ast.Break()`. Otherwise, returns `ast.Return(False)`.
12501	Normalizes a test expression into a statements list. If the expression is a list, it returns it as-is. Otherwise, it wraps the expression in an `if` statement that returns `False` if the expression is not evaluated.
12502	Generates Python code calling a function using `ast.Call`, building the function call with the specified parameters.
12503	Generates Python code by creating a lambda function that calls a given function and returns True if the call evaluates to True, otherwise returns True.
12504	Generates Python code calling a hook by evaluating 'hookname' with the last element from ruleNodes.
12505	Generates Python code by calling a rule using `self.evalRule('rulename')`.
12506	Takes a Capture node as input and generates Python code to capture text consumed by a clause.
12507	Generate python code for a scope. Return `ast.Name('scope_not_implemented', ast.Load())` if not implemented.
12508	Generates Python code for alternatives by using try-except blocks to handle different clauses and raise custom exceptions AltTrue and AltFalse to indicate the outcome of each clause.
12509	Generates Python code for clauses by combining continuous clauses with an `and` operator and handling both expressions and statements.
12510	Generates python code for an optional clause.
12511	Generates Python code for a loop repeated 0 or more times
12512	Generates python code for a clause repeated 1 or more times.
12513	returns a string with two strings concatenated and handles newline characters for tabulation.
12514	Recursively update indentation for objects in a list.
12515	recursively convert a list to a string
12516	Prints the values of nodes and non-node elements provided as arguments
12517	Function that recursively connects states in a sequence of MatchExpr.
12518	Create a state for all instances of MatchExpr in the given list and connect them using edges.
12519	Create a bottom-up tree automata for a block of matching statements.
12520	Test if a node set with setint or setstr equals a certain value.
12521	Create a Grammar from a string.
12522	Creates a Grammar from a file.
12523	Parse source using the grammar
12524	Parse a file using a grammar. The entry rule name can be specified explicitly or inferred from the class.
12525	Copies a node from one location to another, handling both basic assignment and deep copying, while caching and tagging nodes for reference.
12526	Set a node to a value captured from another node
12527	Assigns the value of `expr` evaluated in `ast` to `dst.value` and returns `True`
12528	Default serializer for json.
12529	Get a generator of deposits with an optional limit.
12530	Return deposition object as dictionary
12531	Retrieve `recid` in Invenio 1 using a `from_date`.
12532	Return BibDocs for Invenio 2.
12533	Imports and returns the `BibRecDocs` and `BibDoc` classes from either the new or legacy `invenio.bibdocfile` module.
12534	Dumps all BibDoc metadata for a given record ID that has been modified since a specified date. Returns a list of version dictionaries containing file details.
12535	Return the count of bibdocs and a list of their IDs.
12536	### Checks a BibDoc for validity by attempting to list all its files. Outputs an error message in red if the check fails.
12537	Dumps the OAuth2 server tokens.
12538	Retrieve the count and all UserEXT objects.
12539	Dump the UserEXt objects as a list of dictionaries.
12540	Retrieve and count featured communities
12541	Retrieve record IDs for Invenio 1 based on a modification date.
12542	Get record ids for Invenio 2 based on the modification date.
12543	Retrieves all restrictions for a given collection, including user and fire role information.
12544	Given a record ID and a date, retrieve all revisions of the record made on or after the given date. The output is a list of tuples containing the job date and MARC XML for each revision.
12545	Get all collections the record belongs to.
12546	Dump JSON of record.
12547	Get recids matching query and with changes.
12548	Dump MARCXML and JSON representation of a record.
12549	Dump the remote accounts as a list of dictionaries.
12550	Inserts the record
12551	Collect entry points for Invenio Migrator Things.
12552	Initialize the app context for Invenio 2.x and push the test request.
12553	Cache for heavy function calls.
12554	Import `run_sql` from `invenio.dbquery` if available; otherwise, import it from `invenio.legacy.dbquery`. Return the `run_sql` function.
12555	Get roles connected to an action.
12556	Get action definitions that match a query and return their details.
12557	Dumps the remote tokens as a list of dictionaries.
12558	Load the OAuth2 server token from data dump.
12559	```plaintext
import_record migrates a record from a migration dump using either a MARCXML or JSON format, optionally loading only the latest revision.
```
12560	Import config variable import path or use default value.
12561	Dump the oauth2server Client.
12562	Get user accounts Invenio 1.
12563	Retrieve user accounts from Invenio 2.
12564	Convert user object to a dictionary.
12565	Load the raw JSON dump of the Deposition using the Record API to bypass initialization and then finalize the deposit.
12566	Creates a deposit record metadata and its persistent identifier from raw JSON data
12567	Load a single record into the database.
12568	Load records from migration dumps. If a specific record ID (`recid`) is provided, it loads only that record. If no `recid` is provided, it loads all records from the dumps.
12569	Inspect records in a migration dump. For each source, load the dump and filter records by recid if specified. Print record identifiers or detailed information based on the entity parameter.
12570	Common helper function for loading simple objects from JSON source files using a specified load task. Supports asynchronous execution and filtering of items using a predicate function.
12571	Loads communities.
12572	Load users.
12573	Load deposit from the specified sources with an optional deposit ID.
12574	Returns profiler statistics sorted by the specified key and limits the results to the specified count, optionally stripping directory paths from the output.
12575	Runs a sample test server using Tornado framework.
12576	Dump current profiler statistics into a file.
12577	Clear profiler statistics.
12578	Stop the profiler and update the status.
12579	Checks if the profiler is running.
12580	Disable timestamp update per method.
12581	Load user from data dump.
12582	Calculate image translations in parallel.
12583	Stitch regular spaced images and return the stitched image along with the registered offset.
12584	Adds a dimensions with ones to array.
12585	Create a record in the database based on a dump.
12586	Create a new record from dump by inserting record identifier and persistent identifier, and commit the session.
12587	Update an existing record by applying a series of revisions and updating the created and updated timestamps.
12588	Creates persistent identifiers for the given record UUID and list of pids.
12589	Delete a record and its persistent identifiers.
12590	Takes a record and a dictionary of files, creates the files in a default bucket, and returns the bucket object.
12591	Create a single file with all versions.
12592	Delete the buckets associated with a record by setting the `deleted` flag to `True` for each bucket.
12593	u Return a list of persistent identifiers that do not exist.
12594	Prepare data by iterating through revisions and appending them to the `revisions` list.
12595	Get files from data dump and sort versions
12596	Prepare persistent identifiers by fetching values from `pid_fetchers` and appending non-empty values to `self.pids`.
12597	Check if record is deleted. If record is not provided, use the latest revision. Return True if 'deleted' is in the 'collections' list of the record.
12598	Load a community from a data dump and save its logo if available.
12599	Inserts a new featured community record from the provided data.
12600	Dump data from Invenio legacy.
12601	Check data in Invenio legacy.
12602	Deletes resources of this widget manually, removing actions, event handlers, and the background. Currently experimental, with a known memory leak issue.
12603	Simple vector helper function returning the length of a vector, capable of handling vectors with any number of dimensions.
12604	Normalize the given vector.
12605	Transforms the given 2D texture coordinates to a 3D format using scaling and translation based on internal texture coordinates.
12606	Ensures per-entity bone data has been properly initialized
12607	Sets the length of a bone on an entity. Updates the bone's length in the entity's dictionary.
12608	Sets the parent bone for all entities and registers this bone as a child of its parent, ensuring internal state has been initialized.
12609	Returns the pivot point of the bone relative to the given entity by recursively calling its parent and adding its own offset.
12610	Initialize animation data and set initial parameters.
12611	Sets the state required for this actor.Translates the matrix to the position of the actor.
12612	Reset the state required for the actor to the default state by resetting the matrix to its previous translation.
12613	Sets the state required for this vertex region by binding and enabling the texture of the material, as well as rotating the bone based on the provided data.
12614	Resets the state required for this actor to the default state. Currently, it disables the target of the texture of the material, even though the material may still be bound.
12615	Ensures that the given ``obj`` has been initialized to be used with this model. If the object is found to not be initialized, it will be initialized.
12616	Redraws the model of the given object
12617	Draws the model of a given object to the render target if the batch for the object has not been drawn by its owner already.
12618	Sets the model for the actor and initializes it, removing the old model if applicable.
12619	Writes a collection of reports to the specified path as an XML file.
12620	This function converts a list of test reports into an XML file, representing the test suite and individual test cases.
12621	Adds a menu to the list of menus. If no menu is currently selected, the added menu will be automatically made active.
12622	Re-draws the text by calculating its position, centering it on the label's position.
12623	Redraws the label by calculating its position and ensuring it remains centered.
12624	Draws the submenu and its background, handling different types of background configurations and ensuring all widgets are redrawn.
12625	Deletes a widget by name, handling both direct widget objects and names. EXPERIMENTAL due to potential memory leak. Note: Commented-out code for debugging and memory tracking.
12626	Re-calculates the position of the Label.
12627	Registers motion and drag handlers
12628	Registers up and down handlers and schedules a function every 60th of a second to redraw the window with 60fps.
12629	Adds a main label to the dialog, centered on the screen.
12630	This method adds an OK button to a dialog, allowing the user to exit the dialog. The button's label is set by the `label_ok` parameter, and it is positioned centrally but below the main label.
12631	Exit the dialog and change back to the previous submenu
12632	This method adds a confirm button to the UI. The button's confirm label can be customized. It is positioned slightly below the main label and to the left of the cancel button. When clicked, the button triggers a confirmation action and closes the dialog.
12633	This method adds a cancel button to the user interface with a specified label. The button is positioned slightly below the main label and to the right of the confirm button. When clicked, it triggers the "cancel" action and exits the dialog.
12634	Updates the progressbar by recalculating the label. Automatically triggers a re-calculation when any property is set.
12635	Renders the world in 3D mode. If custom terrain is needed, this method should be overridden while ensuring the original method is still called to avoid actors not being rendered.
12636	Renders the world by calling the superclass's render3d method and then drawing the batch3d.
12637	Start a new step and return a context manager which allows you to report an error.
12638	Returns whether or not the resource with the given name and extension exists.
12639	Adds a new texture category with the given name. If the category already exists, it will be overridden.
12640	Returns a texture to be used as a placeholder for missing textures.
12641	Gets the model object by the given name. If it was loaded previously, a cached version will be returned. If it was not loaded, it will be loaded and inserted into the cache.
12642	Loads the model of the given name and inserts it into the cache.
12643	Returns the model data associated with the given name, loading and caching it if necessary.
12644	Loads the model data of the given name from a JSON file and constructs the model components such as materials, bones, regions, and animations.
12645	Adds a widget to this container, ensuring it is not added to itself to prevent recursion.
12646	This method draws a submenu and its background. It checks for visibility and modifies theOpenGL state if necessary.
12647	Redraws the background and any child widgets.
12648	Redraws the background and contents, including scrollbar. Adjusts scrollbar's position and size based on scroll position and content height.
12649	Checks if a point is within an axis-aligned bounding box.
12650	Return the percentage a slider is "filled" based on its current value and the minimum and maximum values. This property is read-only.
12651	Adds a new layer to the stack at the specified z-value or at the end if z is -1.
12652	Map a buffer region using this attribute as an accessor. The returned region can be modified as if the buffer was a contiguous array of this attribute (though it may actually be interleaved or otherwise non-contiguous). The returned region consists of a contiguous array of component data elements.
12653	Draw vertices in the domain using OpenGL. If a `vertex_list` is specified, only the primitives in that list are drawn. Otherwise, all vertices in the domain are drawn efficiently.
12654	Adds a callback to the specified action.
12655	Call all callbacks associated with the given action.
12656	Registers a name to the registry, optionally overriding automatic ID generation with a custom ID.
12657	Adds the given layer at the specified Z Index, or at the layer's specified Z Index if not provided.
12658	Draws all layers of a LayeredWidget.
12659	Deletes all layers within this LayeredWidget before deleting itself. Recommended to call if you are removing the widget, but not yet exiting the interpreter.
12660	Property to set and get the border of the layer, causing an immediate redraw if set.
12661	Property to get and set the layer's offset, triggering a redraw on change.
12662	Returns the size of the layer, with the border size already subtracted.
12663	Reads a mesh saved in the HDF5 format.
12664	Connectivity builder using Numba for speed boost.
12665	This method sets the fields by appending each field from the input list `fields` to the `self.fields` list. If the `fields` parameter is not provided, it initializes `self.fields` as an empty list.
12666	This method adds the given fields to the list of fields.
12667	Checks if element definitions are within allowed types.
12668	Returns the dimension of the embedded space of each element.
12669	Returns a dataframe containing volume and centroids of all elements.
12670	Returns the internal angles of all elements and the associated statistics.
12671	Returns the aspect ratio of all elements.
12672	Calculates and returns mesh quality and geometric stats by concatenating centroids and volumes, angles, and edges stats while sorting the result by columns.
12673	This interface creates a node set based on an element set tag.
12674	Converts a node set to surface by creating a dummy node, extracting element surfaces, calculating surface intersections, and updating element surface data.
12675	Create element sets corresponding to a surface.
12676	Returns fields metadata as a dataframe after concatenating metadata from individual fields, transposing the dataframe, and sorting by specified columns.
12677	Returns metadata as a dataframe.
12678	Checks if a required directory exists and creates it if it does not already exist.
12679	This method runs the post-proc script.
12680	Makes the mesh using Gmsh.
12681	Reads an history output report and assigns a step number to each data point based on the given steps. The step number is determined by the time duration of each step and the corresponding time stamp in the data. The output is a pandas DataFrame with an additional column "step" indicating the step number of each data point.
12682	Reads a field output report and processes the data, extracting metadata and computing mean values for data.
12683	Converts a list-like object to a string with a specified line width and indentation.
12684	Returns an Abaqus INP formatted string for a given linear equation
12685	Returns a set as a string with unsorted option.
12686	API response parsing and error handling.
12687	Builds the URL for the specified method and arguments and returns the response as a dictionary.
12688	Writes a.xy_report based on xy data.
12689	Writes a field report and rewrites it in a cleaner format.
12690	List components that are available on your machine by type or all
12691	Return an error message for use in exceptions thrown by subclasses.
12692	Returns True if the last exception was thrown by a Descriptor instance.
12693	This method sets the data for a Series object by creating XVariable and YVariable instances if they don't already exist, and contributes to the class with their respective data. If either the '_x' or '_y' attributes are missing or do not have points, it raises an exception.
12694	Returns the axis mode for the current series if all elements in the series have a time variable; otherwise, returns None.
12695	Sets the graph plotting options
12696	Turn a func list element into a class object.
12697	Cycle through notifications using latest results from data feeds.
12698	Converts a value to a numeric type, raising a ValueError if unsuccessful.
12699	Converts a string to an integer or a float based on the numeric value it represents.
12700	Plots graphs into the template using a specified graph name and attributes. If no ID is provided, a random one is generated.
12701	'Try really really hard to get a Unicode copy of a string using BeautifulSoup.UnicodeDammit and UTF-8 encoding with error handling. Return the forced Unicode string.'
12702	Returns a clean HTML representation of presumed HTML, with all HTML-escaped characters converted to their unicode and various attributes and tags removed or sanitized.
12703	MIME-type matching logic for deciding whether to run `make_clean_html`.
12704	Extract a lower-case domain name from a raw string that might be a URL.
12705	get a list of strings created by splitting the domain on'.'and successively cutting off the left most portion
12706	Get a Murmur hash and a normalized token.
12707	Collects all words to be indexed from a stream item using configured tagger IDs and returns a counter of unicode words.
12708	Records index entries for a given document based on specified indexes. It processes the document's visible body, counts tokens, and updates hash-based indexes accordingly.
12709	Get strings that correspond to some hash.
12710	Get document frequencies for a list of hashes.
12711	Retrieve stream IDs for a given hash by scanning a dense region in a `kvlayer` table.
12712	Get stream IDs and term frequencies for a single hash. This method yields pairs of strings and their corresponding term frequencies using the :func:`streamcorpus_pipeline._kvlayer.get_kvlayer_stream_item` function.
12713	Given a spinn3r feed, produce a sequence of valid StreamItems.
12714	Given a single spinn3r feed entry, produce a single StreamItem.
12715	Given a node from the spinn3r data tree, create a ContentItem with raw data, decompressed if necessary, and UTF-8 normalized, using a specified or default MIME type.
12716	Read exactly a varint out of the underlying file.
12717	Reads a protobuf-encoded object from a single block in the file.
12718	This function `serialize_si_key` takes a tuple `si_key` as input, which consists of a 16-byte MD5 hash and an integer timestamp. It validates that the MD5 hash is indeed 16 bytes long and then packs these components into a 20-byte representation using big-endian format. The first 16 bytes represent the MD5 hash, and the last 4 bytes represent the integer timestamp.
12719	Takes a StreamItem, extracts parts for a kvlayer key, converts it to a blob for storage, and returns the kvlayer key tuple and the data blob.
12720	A contextmanager to change the working directory and restore it on exit
12721	Removes the prefix if it's there, otherwise returns the input string unchanged. Additionally, if strict is True, it raises an error if the prefix is not present.
12722	Removes the suffix if present, otherwise returns the original string. Raises an error if strict is True and the suffix is not present.
12723	Determines if all elements of `needle` are contained in `haystack` in the same order, allowing for other elements to be interspersed in between.
12724	Create a WSGI application with a default home page and an error handler.
12725	Runs the application using a simple WSGI server.
12726	Stop the simple WSGI server running the application.
12727	Decorator to add a route for a request with any HTTP method.
12728	Define decorator to add a callback for generating error page.
12729	Send content of a static file as response. The root argument specifies the path to the document root directory, while the path argument specifies the path to the actual file. The media_type and charset arguments set the Content-Type header of the HTTP response. If media_type is not specified, it is guessed from the filename. Only files within the document root directory can be accessed, preventing directory traversal attacks.
12730	Return an error page based on the current response status
12731	Adds a route with the specified method, pattern, and callback.
12732	Resolve a request to a route handler based on the HTTP method and request path. Returns a tuple containing the route handler, positional arguments, and keyword arguments. Returns None if no route matches the request.
12733	Resolves a request to a wildcard or regex route handler.
12734	Return a normalized form of the pattern. Normalize the pattern by removing pattern type prefix if it exists in the pattern. Then return the pattern type and the pattern as a tuple of two strings.
12735	Returns the HTTP response body as a sequence of bytes, setting appropriate headers for content type and length.
12736	Add an HTTP header to the response object with the specified name and value. If the value is not None, append the (name, value) tuple to the `_headers` list.
12737	Add a Set-Cookie header to response object.
12738	Return the HTTP response status line based on the :attr:`status` code.
12739	Return the value of Content-Type header field.
12740	Return the list of all values for the specified key. If the key does not exist, return the specified default value, which defaults to an empty list if not provided.
12741	```python
rmtree(path, use_shutil=True, followlinks=False, retries=10)
```
12742	Return a list of open files for the current process on UNIX-like operating systems. If `verbose` is `True`, it logs the output of the `lsof` command.
12743	Generates file type stats from the stream_items that it sees.
12744	Fetches a `rejester.WorkUnit` with a KBA s3 path, fetches it, and saves some counts about it.
12745	Attempts to fetch and iterate over a work_unit.key path in S3, processing the streamed data through multiple stages including wget, gpg decryption, and xz decompression. Counts the number of stream items, serif sentences, and clean visible bytes, while also handling any exceptions that may occur during the process.
12746	Return a list of non-empty lines from a specified file.
12747	Return an ordered 2-tuple containing a species and a describer.
12748	Return an ordered 2-tuple containing a species and a describer. Ensure the letter-count of the pair does not exceed `maxlen` and the last letter of the first item is different from the first letter of the second item if `prevent_stutter` is True.
12749	Japanese morphological analysis.
12750	Scoring the similarity of two words using the Goolabs API and outputting the result in JSON or plain text format.
12751	Converts a Japanese sentence to Hiragana or Katakana using the Goolabs API.
12752	Extracts unique representation from a sentence by calling a Goolabs API and optionally formatting the output in JSON.
12753	Summarizes reviews into a short summary using GoolabsAPI.
12754	Extract keywords from an input document using the Goolabs API and output them either in JSON format or as comma-separated values.
12755	Extract expression expressing date and time and normalize its value
12756	Create a pipeline stage by instantiating the given stage with the provided configuration and injecting specific directories from the SCP configuration.
12757	Create a list of indirect stages based on the configuration and name provided. This function looks up the names of stages in the configuration, creates stage objects, and returns a list of these objects. If the name is not found in the configuration, it returns an empty list.
12758	Create stages for the pipeline based on the provided configuration.
12759	Run the pipeline by processing and cutting smaller chunks if needed. It skips forward until it reaches start_count, processes the items and applies incremental transforms. It then outputs the processed chunks based on the specified criteria and finally closes the chunk and shuts down the transforms.
12760	Run all of the writers over some intermediate chunk.
12761	Runs a series of transforms on a stream item, skipping any that delete the item or fail, and writes successful items to the current output chunk. Returns the transformed item or None.
12762	Replaces the top-level pipeline configurable object using sources including `external_stages_path`, `external_stages_modules`, and `streamcorpus_pipeline.stages` entry points, and returns the new sub-modules for `streamcorpus_pipeline`.
12763	Creates a WSGI app with HTTPie components integrated.
12764	Assemble in-doc coref chains by mapping equiv_id to tokens and their cleansed name strings.
12765	For each name string in the target_mentions list, checks if it appears as a substring in any of the chain_mentions. Returns True if all names are found, otherwise returns False.
12766	Function to check if any string in target_mentions is a substring of any string in chain_mentions.
12767	Main function for token-based pattern matching in a rating system.
12768	This function iterates through tokens in a stream item, looking for near-exact matches to strings in ratings. It uses a tagger ID to identify the sentences, cleanses the tokens, and then compares them against the ratings. If a match is found, it updates the token with a label and logs the result.
12769	run tagger a child process to get XML output
12770	Iterate through `ner_xml_path` to fuse with `i_chunk`, storing results in `o_chunk`.
12771	Send SIGTERM to the tagger child process if it exists. If the child is already gone, ignore the error.
12772	Returns a Pattern that matches exactly n repetitions of Pattern p
12773	Replaces all angle bracket emails with a unique key.
12774	Generate sentences from a cleaned visible text.
12775	Create a sorted collection from labels associated with the annotator, filtered by the presence of character offsets.
12776	Assemble Sentence and Token objects from a stream item by tokenizing the text, creating token and sentence objects, and associating labels if present.
12777	Convert HTML, XML, or numeric entities in the input text to their corresponding unicode characters. Optionally, add padding spaces around the converted entities or return the conversion without padding.
12778	Make a temporary file of cleansed text.
12779	run child process to get OWPL output
12780	Convert a string of text into a lowercase string with no punctuation and only spaces for whitespace.
12781	iterate through the i_chunk and tmp_ner_path to generate a new Chunk with body.ner
12782	Converts relative paths in a configuration dictionary to absolute paths using a specified root path.
12783	Initializes the configuration and loads external modules.
12784	Main entry function for generating StreamItem instances from a directory containing text files.
12785	Normalize HTML-like binary string by replacing tags and script/style text with whitespace, converting newlines and tabs to single spaces.
12786	Remove HTML tags from a Unicode string and return a UTF-8 encoded string with all non-tag characters replaced by whitespace. Pre-existing whitespace is converted to single spaces. This function does not handle comments, style, script, or link tags.
12787	Make a temporary file of clean visible text with XML format.
12788	Convert a unicode string into a lowercase string with no punctuation and only spaces for whitespace
12789	Manual test loop for `make_clean_visible_from_raw`
12790	Try to load a stage into the instance, ignoring errors. If loading the module fails due to a subordinate load failure, a warning will be issued, and the function will move on. On success, the stage is added to the stage dictionary. Parameters include the name of the Python module, the stage constructor function name, and an optional stage name. Defaults to the function name if not provided.
12791	Adds external stages from the Python module at the specified path.
12792	Load external stages from a Python module and add them to the current object.
12793	Construct and configure a stage from known stages using the given name and configuration dictionary.
12794	Iterates through `idx_bytes` until a byte is found in `stop_bytes` or a byte not in `run_bytes`. Returns the index of the last byte, all bytes including the terminal byte from `stop_bytes` or not in `run_bytes`.
12795	Check if an href string meets criteria specified by configuration parameters 'require_abs_url' and 'domain_substrings'. If 'require_abs_url' is true, it checks if the href is an absolute URL. If 'all_domains' is true, it returns true. Otherwise, it checks if any domain substring is in the href.
12796	Make a list of Labels for 'author' and the filtered hrefs & anchors
12797	yield all file paths under input_dir
12798	Method to generate data objects for every task with an optional key prefix filter.
12799	Retrieve a random key from the first max_iter rows.
12800	Tokenize all words and preserve NER labels from ENAMEX tags in a given sentence, maintaining sentence and mention positions.
12801	Parses sentences and tokens from the XML.
12802	Retry the function multiple times with exponential back-off if it raises certain exceptions like `OSError`, `FailedExtraction`, `FailedVerification`, or any other exception. Stop retrying if the number of tries exceeds the configured limit.
12803	Verifies the MD5 hash of the given data against an expected MD5 value. Raises an exception if the hashes do not match, optionally logging additional errors if provided. Returns `True` if the verification is successful.
12804	This function manages configuration for AWS credentials and returns a boto.Bucket object. It first tries to retrieve credentials from the provided config files, then from environment variables, and lastly from system files or the Amazon AWS metadata service. If credentials are not found, the function behaves similarly to other AWS-based command-line tools. If the bucket name is not provided in the arguments or config, it raises a ConfigurationError.
12805	Method for decoding raw data from S3 based on the input format specified in the configuration.
12806	Get Chunk object from S3 key.
12807	Convert a text stream ID to a kvlayer key. Raises a KeyError if the stream ID is malformed.
12808	Converts a kvlayer key to a text stream ID by formatting the epoch ticks and a hash of the URL in hexadecimal format.
12809	Get a kvlayer key from a stream item.
12810	Serve up some ponies.
12811	Return ArgumentParser for HTTPony, a simple HTTP server that pretty prints HTTP requests.
12812	Mutably tag tokens with xpath offsets in a stream item.
12813	Convert stream item sentences to character offsets.
12814	Converts character offsets to character ranges.
12815	Converts HTML and a sequence of character offsets to xpath offsets. Returns a generator of XpathRange objects.
12816	Records that `tag` has been seen at this depth. If `tag` is TextElement, it records a text node.
12817	Method returns an XPath fragment for the current location, typically of the form `tag[n]` where `tag` is the most recent element added and `n` is its position.
12818	Get the one-based index of the current text node.
12819	Yields all elements that are descendants of `elem` in document order.
12820	Yields all elements from a source, whether the source is an individual element or another iterable type.
12821	Yields all the elements with the given name from a source.
12822	Yields elements from the source whose name matches the given regular expression pattern
12823	Yields elements from the source having the given attribute, optionally with the given attribute value.
12824	Yields elements and text following a given element in the same parent in a document.
12825	Add text nodes as possible to all descendants of an element for spacing & indentation to make the MicroXML as printed easier for people to read.
12826	Call inkscape CLI with arguments and returns its return value.
12827	Call Inkscape to export the input file to the output file using a specific export argument flag for the output file type.
12828	Transform SVG file to PDF file
12829	Transform SVG file to PNG file
12830	Look for the Jinja2 environment for a given file path.
12831	Set up the template by loading the template file, creating a template environment, and retrieving the template.
12832	Fill the document content with information from doc_contents and return the filled document.
12833	Saves the content of a .txt file to the specified file path with the option to specify the encoding. It first checks if the content has been updated, and if not, it raises a ValueError. If there is an error during the writing process, it logs the exception and raises a new Exception.
12834	Create a specific document of the class based on the `command` or the extension of the `template_file_path`. Returns the created document.
12835	Fill the content of the document with the information in doc_contents, replacing symbols with proper XML codes.
12836	Save the content of the .svg file in the chosen rendered format, supporting options for file type, dpi, and unicode.
12837	This method `render` is designed to convert the content of a `.tex` file into a PDF. It first saves the content to a temporary `.tex` file, then uses `_render_function` to convert it to PDF format. If an error occurs during the conversion, it logs the exception and re-raises it.
12838	Converts XML 1.0 to MicroXML and returns the MicroXML element and any preserved information.
12839	parse an input source with HTML text into an Amara 3 tree
12840	Parses a fragment of markup in HTML mode and returns a bindery node.
12841	Insert data as text in the current node, positioned before the start of the specified node or at the end of the node's text.
12842	Insert a node before a reference node in the list of child nodes
12843	Return a shallow copy of the current node.
12844	Reads command line options, creates input files, compiles a program, and extracts output.
12845	XPath-like string value of node
12846	Append a node as the last child. If a string, convert to a text node for convenience.
12847	Get settings from config file.
12848	Get Google API credentials for the user.
12849	Create event start and end datetimes.
12850	Creates a calendar event with an SMS reminder using provided options and configuration.
12851	Processing notification call main function. Gets information for creating an event, parses options and configuration, retrieves Google credentials, and creates an event if Google credentials are available.
12852	Return the extension of a given file name or path, optionally checking if the file exists. If the file does not exist and check_if_exists is True, raises an IOError with an error message.
12853	Returns the file name or path with the specified extension added, if it doesn't already have it. If `check_if_exists` is True, it also checks if the file exists and raises an error if it doesn't.
12854	Returns a temporary file with the given suffix within the specified directory path. If no directory path is provided, it searches for a temporary folder in the system.
12855	Remove files with a given extension from a specified directory.
12856	Convert a CSV file into a JSON file
12857	Modify the content of a file by replacing occurrences of an old substring with a new substring, with an optional maximum number of replacements.
12858	Runs all parsing functions to process HTML tags.
12859	Combines adjacent anchor tags with the same href attribute by appending the text of the next tag to the current one and adding the next tag to the blacklist.
12860	Add 'em' tag to the span if it has italic style
12861	Wrap the tag with a strong tag if it has a bold style.
12862	Check if a tag has an underline style and wrap it with a 'u' tag if it does.
12863	Clean up attributes on a `Stanza` object based on a whitelist. Keep only those attributes that are allowed by `ATTR_WHITELIST` for the given tag and pass the updated tag to the next handler. If the tag is not in the whitelist, remove all its attributes.
12864	get unicode string without any other content transformation. and clean extra spaces
12865	Extract "real" URL from Google redirected URL by getting `q` querystring parameter.
12866	Parses an attribute, delegating to the href parser for hrefs and returning the value otherwise.
12867	Modify the keys in adict to the ones in translations.
12868	Convert data to JSON string representation and return it as a string.
12869	Returns the absolute paths of files that match the regex within a given folder and its subfolders.
12870	Concatenates the given strings
12871	Yields one boolean, whether the first string starts with the second
12872	Checks if one string contains another and yields the result as a boolean.
12873	This function calculates and yields the length of a given string. If no string is provided, it defaults to the string associated with the current context node. If a callable is provided, it evaluates the callable to obtain the string.
12874	Yields one boolean value based on the type and value of the given object using the provided context.
12875	Yields the result of applying an expression to each item in the input sequence.
12876	Yields a sequence of a single value resulting from a lookup in a table, or an empty sequence if the lookup fails.
12877	Replace known special characters in SVG code.
12878	Try to read a SVG file if `svg_file` is a string. Raise an exception in case of error or return the svg object. If `svg_file` is a svgutils svg object, will just return it.
12879	Merge two SVG files by appending the content of `svg_file2` to `svg_file1` at specified positions and scale.
12880	Merge all the PDF files in `pdf_filepaths` into a new PDF file `out_filepath`.
12881	Return the ElementTree of the SVG content in `filepath` with the font content embedded.
12882	Embed fonts from specified files into an SVG file and write the result to another file.
12883	Checks that the inputs are iterable and each input is a subclass of the Input class
12884	Checks that the provided function is callable and has exactly one argument.
12885	Performs an internal recursion routine to generate all input combinations based on the provided inputs and outputs.
12886	Create an input file using Jinja2 by filling a template with values from the option variable passed in.
12887	We work out all combinations using this internal recursion method.
12888	Convert an arbitrary object or sequence to a string type.
12889	Cast an arbitrary object or sequence to a number type
12890	### Example 1:
Input:
```python
def to_boolean(obj):
    '''
    Cast an arbitrary sequence to a boolean type
    '''
    #if hasattr(obj, '__iter__'):
    if isinstance(obj, LiteralWrapper):
        val = obj.obj
    elif isinstance(obj, Iterable) and not isinstance(obj, str):
        val = next(obj, None)
    else:
        val = obj
    if val is None:
        yield False
    elif isinstance(val, bool):
        yield val
    elif isinstance(val, str):
        yield bool(str)
    elif isinstance(val, node):
        yield True
    elif isinstance(val, float) or isinstance(val, int):
        yield bool(val)
    else:
        raise RuntimeError('Unknown type for boolean conversion: {}'.format(val))
Output:
Converts an arbitrary sequence to a boolean type by checking the type of the elements in the sequence. If the sequence is empty, returns `False`. If the sequence contains a boolean value, returns that value. If the sequence contains a string, returns `False` if the string is empty and `True` otherwise. If the sequence contains a `node` object, returns `True`. If the sequence contains a float or integer value, returns `True` if the value is non-zero and `False` otherwise. If the sequence contains an unknown type, raises a `RuntimeError`.
12891	Generate token strings representing a valid XPath serialization of the AST.
12892	Modifies the encoding entry in an XML file
12893	Save `text` in a qrcode svg image file.
12894	Sets up GROMACS input data, runs GROMACS, and extracts results.
12895	Call CLI command with arguments and returns its return value.
12896	Convert TeX files to PDF using PDFLatex.
12897	Returns all potential loop fusion options for the given psy object.
12898	Return a transformed Geometry.
12899	Returns an ogr.Geometry instance optionally created from a geojson str or dict. The spatial reference may also be provided.
12900	Expands this envelope by the given Envelope or tuple.
12901	Returns the intersection of this and another Envelope. If they intersect, updates the intersection with the maximum lower bounds and minimum upper bounds. If they do not intersect, returns an Envelope with lower left and upper right coordinates set to (0, 0)
12902	Returns true if this envelope intersects another.
12903	Returns an OGR Geometry in the form of a polygon for the given envelope, defined by its lower left (ll), lower right (lr), upper right (ur), and upper left (ul) coordinates.
12904	Creates a table from arrays Z, N, and M
12905	Export the contents to a file as comma separated values to the specified path.
12906	Selects nuclei according to a condition on Z,N or M
12907	Return a selection of the Table at positions given by ``nuclei``
12908	Select nuclei which also belong to the given table
12909	Select nuclei not present in the specified table.
12910	Selects odd-even nuclei from the table
12911	Selects even-odd nuclei from the table.
12912	Selects even-even nuclei from the table.
12913	Calculate error difference.
12914	Calculate root mean squared error relative to a specified mass table.
12915	Convert mass excesses to binding energies.
12916	Return 2 neutron separation energy.
12917	Returns the 1 neutron separation energy.
12918	Return 2 proton separation energy
12919	Return the 1 proton separation energy.
12920	Helper function for derived quantities.
12921	Ensures that database operations have a session and handles committing, rolling back, and closing the session correctly.
12922	Function to compute the key from the salt and the master password using Scrypt hashing.
12923	Initialize a database with the given path or URI
12924	Search the database for the given query. Will find partial matches.
12925	Modify an existing domain by updating its salt and username.
12926	Creates a new domain entry in the database, handling exceptions and logging errors if the insertion fails.
12927	Returns an iterator yielding tuples containing line number, function name, messages, and comments extracted from Handlebars templates.
12928	Return a GDAL virtual filesystem prefixed path.
12929	Returns the EPSG ID as an integer if it exists, otherwise returns None.
12930	Main entry point for the CLI.
12931	Initialize loggers with a stream handler that outputs to the console. The logger level is set to 'DEBUG' if verbose is True, otherwise 'INFO'. The HTTPConnection debug level is set to 1 if verbose is True, otherwise 0.
12932	Update the content of a single file from a given URL, skipping lines that start with a '#' symbol.
12933	Returns a dictionary of enabled GDAL Driver metadata keyed by the 'ShortName' attribute.
12934	Returns the GDAL driver for a file path based on the file extension.
12935	Converts an OGR polygon to a 2D NumPy array.
12936	Converts a layer to a Raster using a target Raster's affine, size, and spatial reference.
12937	Returns a Raster instance from the provided path with the specified mode.
12938	Reads a pixel buffer into an in-memory raster.
12939	It returns a copied Raster instance using the source and destination file paths provided. If the source is a filepath, it is converted to a Raster instance. If the input and output locations are the same, it raises a ValueError. It also checks if the driver supports raster copying and raises an IOError if it does not.
12940	Returns a dict of driver-specific raster creation options, parsed from XML data.
12941	Returns a new Raster instance created using the specified path, size, and band type. Raises an error if the file already exists or if the size is invalid.
12942	Sets the affine transformation and intercepts the gdal.Dataset call to ensure use as a property setter.
12943	Returns an NDArray, optionally subset by spatial envelope.
12944	Return the image's minimum bounding rectangle.
12945	Returns the underlying ImageDriver instance, initializes it if not already done.
12946	Derives new Raster instances with specified size and affine transformation.
12947	Return a MaskedArray using nodata values.
12948	Returns read-only property for the nodata value of the first band, assuming single-band rasters.
12949	Returns raster data bytes for partial or full extent. Overrides gdal.Dataset.ReadRaster() with the full raster size by default.
12950	Returns new instance resampled to provided dimensions
12951	Saves this instance to the provided path and format, handling different types of output destinations and ensuring a copy-supporting driver is used.
12952	Sets the spatial reference. Intercepts the gdal.Dataset call to ensure use as a property setter. Arguments: sref -- SpatialReference or any format supported by the constructor
12953	Return a new reprojected instance of a dataset from a source spatial reference to a destination spatial reference, with optional interpolation and destination file path.
12954	Computes the ideal conversion ratio for the given alphabet. A ratio is considered ideal when the number of bits in one output encoding chunk that don't add up to one input encoding chunk is minimal.
12955	Retrieves a named charset if it exists, otherwise returns the input as a custom alphabet.
12956	gets a chunk from the input data, converts it to a number, and encodes that number
12957	parses a chunk of bytes to integer using big-endian representation
12958	partition the data into chunks and retrieve the chunk at the given index
12959	Function to cache the results of function calls based on the input filename.
12960	Get a list of patterns from a file and make a regular expression.
12961	Converts a date string or epoch time to a UTC timezone-aware datetime object.
12962	Method returns the system's configured timezone, defaulting to 'America/New_York' if no locale is set.
12963	Convert the model properties to a dictionary.
12964	Catches exceptions with a prompt for post-mortem analysis using pdb.
12965	Returns a formatted string representation of a dictionary with aligned keys or a JSON-like string representation if the input is not a dictionary.
12966	Connects to the remote master, receives calls, executes them, and returns responses until interrupted.
12967	Starts an asyncio event loop to connect to the master and run jobs.
12968	Runs a pool of workers to execute calls connected to a remote HighFive master.
12969	Sets the classification of this CompanyDetailCompany and validates it against a predefined list of allowed values.
12970	Add a message to the queue and start processing the queue if the thread is not already running.
12971	Send a message to turn a light on.
12972	Creates a message to turn a switch on.
12973	Turns on a device with a specified brightness level.
12974	Creates a message to turn a light or switch off.
12975	If the queue is not empty, process the queue by sending reliable messages.
12976	Send a message to a LightwaveRF hub with retries.
12977	Generates a wrapped adapter for the given object, handling files and fixed-size array-like objects, and raises a ValueError for unsupported types.
12978	Sets the nature of a YearlyFinancials object, validating that it is one of the allowed values.
12979	Update values of configuration section with a dictionary, only setting those options that can be specified in a configuration file if specified.
12980	Reset the default values of options in this section.
12981	Set the list of config files in the specified order.
12982	Iterator over sections, option names, and option values. Yields tuples with sections, option names, and option values.
12983	Yield sections, option names, and option metadata.
12984	Create config file
12985	Update values of configuration options with dict.
12986	Read a config file and set config values accordingly. Returns: content of config file.
12987	Read configuration files and set configuration values accordingly. Returns a dictionary of configuration content, a list of missing/empty files, and a list of files with parsing errors.
12988	List of CLI strings for a given option based on its action and shortname.
12989	Lists configuration sections used by a command, either the bare command or a specific subcommand.
12990	Scan options related to one command and enrich _opt_cmds.
12991	Add options to the given parser.
12992	Build command line argument parser.
12993	Parse arguments and update options accordingly.
12994	Write zsh _arguments compdef for a given command.
12995	Write zsh compdef script for a command and its subcommands.
12996	Outputs a list of CLI options strings for a given command.
12997	Method for writing a bash completion script for a command
12998	Starts a new HighFive master at the specified host and port, returning it.
12999	Called when a remote worker connection has been found. Finishes setting up the protocol object.
13000	Handles a complete line received from a remote worker by decoding the response and passing it to the worker object.
13001	Closes the worker when the connection to the remote worker is broken.
13002	Called when a job has been found for the worker to run. Sends the job's RPC to the remote worker.
13003	Called when a response to a job RPC has been received. Decodes the response and finalizes the result, then reports the result to the job manager.
13004	Closes the worker. No more jobs will be handled by the worker, and any running job is immediately returned to the job manager.
13005	Runs a job set which consists of the jobs in an iterable job list. Raises a `RuntimeError` if the master is closed. Returns the job set after adding it to the manager.
13006	Starts closing the HighFive master. The server will be closed and all queued job sets will be cancelled.
13007	Notify waiters that a state change has occurred and reset the waiter list.
13008	Adds a new result to the instance.
13009	Waits until the result set changes. Returns immediately if the result set is already completed.
13010	If there is still a job in the job iterator, loads it and increments the active job count.
13011	Marks the job set as completed, and notifies all waiting tasks.
13012	Adds the result of a completed job to the result list and decrements the active job count. If the job set is complete, the result is discarded.
13013	Cancels the job set, finishing immediately and discarding queued jobs.
13014	Waits until the job set is finished. Returns immediately if the job set is already finished.
13015	Distributes jobs from the active job set to any waiting get_job callbacks.
13016	Adds a job set to the manager's queue. If there is no job set running, it is activated immediately. A new job set handle is returned.
13017	Calls the given callback function when a job becomes available.
13018	Returns a job to its source job set to be run again later.
13019	Adds the result of a job to the results list of the job's source job set.
13020	Load and activate the next job set in the queue when the current one is done or cancelled.
13021	Closes the job manager, canceling any active or queued job sets.
13022	Returns a list with no repeated elements.
13023	Checks if a regex matches an object or its string values, including those in nested containers.
13024	Lists all available instances with optional filtering and limiting.
13025	Use the environment to get the current region
13026	Filters a list of host entries based on given regexes for inclusion and exclusion.
13027	Prints the public DNS name of an instance based on its name, raising an exception if the instance is not found.
13028	Deserialize a HostEntry from a dictionary
13029	Retrieve the value of an attribute from an entry. If the attribute name starts with ``tags.``, it looks up the attribute in the ``tags`` dictionary. If the attribute is not found, it raises an AttributeError. If the ``convert_to_str`` parameter is set to True, it converts the result to a string. If the result is a list, it joins the list elements with a comma. If the result is empty, it returns '<none>'.
13030	Sorts a list of entries by the given attribute.
13031	Returns a string that represents the host as a single line, with columns joined by a specified separator.
13032	Loads a ``HostEntry`` from a boto instance.
13033	Returns whether the instance matches the given filter text.
13034	Return the best name to display for the host, using the instance name if available, or the public IP otherwise.
13035	Returns a pretty-printed string of a list of entries, either as a table or line-by-line representation, based on the window width and specified parameters.
13036	Attach the event time as a Unix epoch to the event dictionary.
13037	Setup a Hivy-formatted logger with specified output and logging level, including support for writing to stdout, a file, and Sentry error reporting.
13038	Configure and return a new logger for hivy modules with optional JSON output, UUID, and timestamp processors.
13039	Setup a Celery application with JSON serialization and Redis as the broker.
13040	Return status report for a specific worker or all workers, return 200 status code on success and 404 status code if the worker is unknown.
13041	Stop and remove a worker.
13042	Define a switchable ConfOpt.
13043	Define a configuration section handling config file.
13044	Set options in a configuration manager from a list of 'section.option=value' strings.
13045	Handles the behavior of a subcommand using a configuration manager, including creating, updating, and editing configuration sections.
13046	Create completion files for bash and zsh.
13047	Returns a formatted string representing the rendered columns with optional borders and colored cells.
13048	Render a row from a list of columns with specified widths and optionally colored cells.
13049	Renders a table with optional borders and column coloring.
13050	Prepare rows for a table by converting all elements to strings and padding rows with empty strings to ensure uniform length.
13051	Return a function that colors a string based on the given number if the terminal supports it.
13052	Hashes a string and scales the resulting hash number to a range between `_min` and `_max`.
13053	Returns a random color between min and max.
13054	A function that reads user input from stdin, converts it to an integer if possible, and provides an option to return a default value if the input is empty or invalid. The function also exits with a message if interrupted, EOF, or a quit message is entered.
13055	Returns a user object if the provided username and password are correct, otherwise returns `None`.
13056	Verifies the authenticity of an HTTP header token by checking if a user exists with the given API key and returns the user if found or None otherwise.
13057	Flask decorator protecting resources using token scheme
13058	Check if a process is running by using the `pgrep` command.
13059	Import and retrieve an object from a specified module path and object name
13060	Retrieve the IP address, either public or local, for logbook information injection.
13061	Makes the HTTP request using RESTClient.
13062	Builds form parameters with support for both normal and file parameters.
13063	Configures the server from the command line interface and runs it.
13064	Include a hidden input to store the serialized upload value.
13065	Run bash command in a subprocess. Prints every line the command prints.
13066	Runs a list of commands concurrently in parallel if the `parallel` parameter is set to `True`, otherwise runs them sequentially.
13067	Runs multiple commands, optionally in parallel. Each command is processed to include a color based on its description and formatted with an optional description. The processed commands are then streamed.
13068	Return the net work days according to RH's calendar.
13069	Queries bash to find the path to a command on the system. Caches the result for future use.
13070	Return an SSH command constructed with the given hostname, username, identity file, SSH command, and tunnel.
13071	Constructs an SCP command using provided parameters such as hostname, username, identity file, and paths for both local and remote systems.
13072	Handler for command line invocation
13073	Copy files from remote servers to local paths based on host entries and format strings.
13074	Runs the given command over SSH in parallel on all hosts in `entries`.
13075	SSH into a host using the specified parameters and return the exit status code.
13076	Retrieves or provides a default LSI profile based on a given profile name.
13077	Parse command-line arguments and create a profile with the specified settings.
13078	Relates this package component to the supplied part and returns the relationship.
13079	Returns a list of parts related to this one via reltype.
13080	Load relationships from source XML.
13081	Add a part to the package. It will also add a content-type - by default an override. If override is False then it will add a content-type for the extension if one isn't already present.
13082	Loads a part into this package based on its relationship type.
13083	Returns the correct content type for a given name by first searching the overrides and then falling back to the defaults based on the file extension, or returning None if unmatched.
13084	Given an element, this method parses out the proper ContentType by disambiguating the subclass using its tag name and key, then constructs and returns an instance of the corresponding subclass. If the subclass is invalid, it raises a ValueError with an appropriate message.
13085	Parses a given DSL string and returns the parsed results.
13086	Builds a final copy of the token using the given secret key.
13087	Assigns force field parameters to Atoms in the AMPAL object.
13088	Return the maximum radius and npnp distance in the loaded force field.
13089	Makes a dictionary containing PyAtomData for the force field parameters.
13090	Return a zipped package as a readable stream.
13091	Yields each segment from the zip file whose name starts with the specified prefix.
13092	Copy objects from one directory in an S3 bucket to another directory in the same bucket, preserving object metadata and allowing customization of caching and surrogate keys.
13093	Opens an S3 Bucket resource using Boto3, providing options for authentication through access keys or a profile.
13094	Upload a directory of files to S3 and manage file and directory synchronization between the local source directory and the S3 bucket. Existing files on S3 are overwritten, and files that no longer exist in the local source directory are deleted. Optional features include uploading directory redirect objects, setting metadata, and applying cache control.
13095	Upload a file to the S3 bucket.
13096	Uploads an arbitrary object to an S3 bucket.
13097	List all filenames in a given bucket directory, relative to the bucket root.
13098	List all names of directories at the root of a specified bucket directory by interpreting path names, considering directory redirect objects, and filtering out_special names.
13099	Make an absolute directory path in the bucket for `dirname`, assuming it is relative to the `self._bucket_root` prefix directory. If `dirname` is `'.'` or `'/'`, it is treated as an empty string. The function strips any trailing slash from the directory prefix for comparisons.
13100	Delete a file from the bucket.
13101	Ensure a token is in the Click context object or authenticate and obtain the token from LTD Keeper.
13102	Speak loudly! Use upper case!
13103	Delete all objects in the S3 bucket named `bucket_name` that are found in the `root_path` directory.
13104	Get project's home URL based on settings.PROJECT_HOME_NAMESPACE. Returns None if PROJECT_HOME_NAMESPACE is not defined in settings.
13105	Decorator to silence template tags if 'PROJECT_HOME_NAMESPACE' is not defined in settings.
13106	Generates a Bootstrap 3 breadcrumb for the project's home URL, with an optional custom label.
13107	Generates a Bootstrap 4 breadcrumb for the project's home URL with an optional custom label.
13108	Calculates the interaction energy between AMPAL objects using a specified force field and assigns the force field to the objects if required.
13109	Calculates the internal energy of an AMPAL object using a specified force field and assigns the force field if required. Returns a `BUFFScore` object containing interaction information.
13110	Get lines sampled across all threads, ordered by their sample count in descending order.
13111	This function retrieves a temporary authentication token from the LTD Keeper API using the provided host, username, and password. If successful, it returns the token; otherwise, it raises a KeeperError with details about the failure.
13112	Upload a new site build to LSST the Docs.
13113	Detect if the upload should be skipped based on the `TRAVIS_EVENT_TYPE` environment variable and user settings.
13114	Instant purge URLs with a given surrogate key from the Fastly caches.
13115	Registers a new build for a product on LSST the Docs.
13116	Confirm a build upload is complete. Wraps ``PATCH /builds/{build}``. Parameters: build_url (`str`): URL of the build resource. keeper_token (`str`): Auth token. Raises: ltdconveyor.keeper.KeeperError: Raised if there is an error communicating with the LTD Keeper API.
13117	Deeply updates a dictionary. List values are concatenated.
13118	Initialize a logging formatter and handler, set the logger level to the specified `log_level`, and create a context object containing the `keeper_hostname`, `username`, `password`, and `token`.
13119	Edit a part from an OOXML Package without unzipping it
13120	Lists the contents of a subdirectory within a zipfile, displaying each item with a prefix indicating whether it is a directory or a file.
13121	recursively calls os.path.split until it has all the components of a pathname suitable for passing to os.path.join.
13122	Returns a tuple containing the path to the file and the path to the part for a given path in a zip file.
13123	Preference for XML_EDITOR or EDITOR environment variables; if not set, use 'notepad' on Windows and 'edit' on other platforms.
13124	Processes an ASTroid node stream, checking for a specified file header. If the header is present exactly once, it continues; otherwise, it emits an 'invalid-file-header' message.
13125	Generates an HTML chart from a data object and optionally writes it to a file
13126	Generate HTML from an Altair chart object and optionally write it to a file
13127	Serialize to an Altair chart object from various data sources
13128	Patches Altair-generated JSON to the newest Vega Lite specification
13129	Generating HTML from Vega Lite data
13130	Converts a dictionary to a pandas dataframe
13131	Writes a chart's HTML to a file, creating the directory if necessary.
13132	Get the right chart class from a string.
13133	Encode fields in Altair format.
13134	u Creates a link to a GitHub user's profile.
13135	Returns the tarball URL inferred from an app.json file if present.
13136	Brings up a Heroku app using a tarball URL, authentication token, environment variables, and app name.
13137	Brings down a Heroku app if confirmation is obtained or force is specified.
13138	Adds an iterator interface to a class using the specified attribute.
13139	Returns a random binary string of a given length.
13140	Returns a string representing a random IP address, optionally ignoring valid Class A networks.
13141	Get a random date between two dates
13142	Returns a prepared ``Session`` instance with headers and authentication if a token is provided
13143	Sends an API request to Heroku using the specified HTTP method, endpoint, and data. Returns a dict representation of the JSON response.
13144	Creates an app-setups build and returns response data as a dict.
13145	Checks the status of an app-setups build. Returns ``True`` if succeeded and ``False`` if pending.
13146	Returns a generator that generates unique strings with the given prefix, incrementing a counter for each call.
13147	Decorator that memoizes function results using a dictionary.
13148	Wraps a function to produce unique results by caching previous outputs and retrying if a duplicate is encountered.
13149	Base method for registering sub-commands with an argument parser.
13150	Gets the root argument parser object.
13151	If description is not supplied the first sentence of the doc string is used.
13152	Gets the help text for the command if not supplied the doc string is used
13153	Executes a command with the provided arguments, or gathers them if not provided. Returns the status code of the action.
13154	Encode wrapper for a dataset with maximum value. Handles strings, integers, and floats by converting them to ordinal encoding. Processes one or two-dimensional datasets and adjusts the encoding code based on the dataset type and content.
13155	Get all available athletes from a server response and return them as a DataFrame. The results are cached to avoid repeated requests.
13156	Return the last n activity data.
13157	Request activity list for an athlete and return it as a pandas DataFrame.
13158	This method is responsible for making a request to retrieve activity data for agiven athlete and filename. The response is parsed and formatted into a pandas DataFrame, with columns translated and indexed by time. The method also includes caching to improve performance.
13159	Constructs athlete endpoint by concatenating host and encoded athlete name.
13160	Returns activity endpoint based on host, athlete name, and filename.
13161	Do actual GET request to GC REST API with validation of responses.
13162	Creates a Heroku app-setup build.
13163	URL path generator with authentication for Django views
13164	Returns a random title based on the specified languages and genders. If no languages are provided, it defaults to ['en']. If no genders are provided, it defaults to [GENDER_FEMALE, GENDER_MALE].
13165	Retrieve a random tuple representing person information based on specified languages and genders.
13166	Return a random last name based on the specified languages, defaulting to 'en'.
13167	Render the axes data into the dict data.
13168	Update the chart's dataset, can be two-dimensional or contain string data
13169	Returns the chart context and axes into the dict data.
13170	Check if the type is in TYPES or matches a specific type name, then return the proper type. If the type is invalid, raise an assertion error.
13171	Returns the rendered URL of the chart by rendering the chart first and joining the parts of the URL with '&'.
13172	Opens the chart URL in a web browser.
13173	Download the chart from the URL into a filename as a PNG. The filename defaults to the chart title (chtt) if any.
13174	Grabs readable PNG file pointer using a request and handles potential HTTP and URL errors.
13175	Returns a PngImageFile instance of the chart. Requires PIL to be installed.
13176	Writes out PNG image data in chunks to file pointer fp.
13177	Return the unique SHA1 hexdigest of the chart URL param parts. Good for testing.
13178	Return a random floating number with customizable minimum, maximum, and decimal places.
13179	Decorator to assign an entity name based on the class immediately inheriting from Base.
13180	This function returns both verified and self-asserted claims, with verified claims taking precedence over self-asserted ones. If the object has a superclass (`sup`), it merges the claims from the superclass and the current object, favoring claims from the superclass. If there is no superclass, it returns the claims from the current object.
13181	Builds a JWKS (JSON Web Key Set) from the signing keys belonging to the `self_signer`. Returns a dictionary containing the JWKS keys. If no keys are found for the `self_signer`, it attempts to retrieve keys for the issuer (`iss`). If still no keys are found, it returns an empty list.
13182	Unpacks and verifies metadata statements from a JWT or JSON document
13183	Given a MetadataStatement instance, it creates a signed JWT with specified parameters.
13184	Return a list of :py:class:`fedoidc.operator.LessOrEqual` instances, one per FO.
13185	Remove MS paths that are marked to be used for another usage
13186	Add signed metadata statements to a request.
13187	Parses command line arguments for a Concordance Generator using the argparse library.
13188	Add logging options to an ArgumentParser.
13189	Apply logging options to handlers based on provided log levels and file handlers.
13190	Log msg at 'verbose' level, debug < verbose < info
13191	Creates a map of letter use in a word
13192	Finds anagrams in word.
13193	Return the exception's name in an AMP Command friendly format.
13194	Return list of values for a given window period from a Go Metrics API metric result.
13195	Gets the most recent non-zero value for a .last metric or zero for empty data
13196	Validate the given 1-based page number.
13197	```
Retrieves a page from an iterator, handling invalid input from the page number by defaulting to the first page.
```
13198	Change file permissions recursively or not.
13199	Returns an InternalSigningService instance initiated with the given configuration and entity identifier.
13200	Given a configuration and an entity ID, initiate a `SigningService` instance.
13201	Creates a signed JWT
13202	Sends a POST request to a signing service with metadata and returns a dictionary containing 'sms' and 'loc' keys.
13203	Update metadata statement using PUT request.
13204	Send a GET request to the specified location to retrieve a newly signed metadata statement and return the response as a dictionary with 'sms' and 'loc' as keys.
13205	Yield bundle contents from the given dict. Each item yielded will be either a string representing a file path or a bundle.
13206	Return a bundle initialised by the given dictionary.
13207	Combines URLs for assets of a specific type by concatenating results from two methods: `urls_for_depends` and `urls_for_self`.
13208	Returns HTML tags for URLs of the specified asset type.
13209	Returns a string containing all HTML tags for all asset types.
13210	Returns a protocolized version of the given URL. If the URL does not have an associated protocol, it adds 'http://' as the default protocol and returns the updated URL.
13211	Returns a list of href destinations of all links at the given URL.
13212	Connected to AMP server, start listening locally, and give the AMP client a reference to the local listening factory.
13213	Get modules by project_abspath and packages_scan. Traverse all files beneath packages_scan and extract all module names.
13214	Imports the customer's service module. Logs the imported modules. Attempts to import each module, raising an error if a module cannot be found.
13215	Takes a date string in various formats and converts it to a normalized and validated date range. A list with two elements is returned, lower and upper date boundary.
13216	Take 'doc' and create a new doc using only keys from the 'fields' list. Supports referencing fields using dotted notation "a.b.c" for nested fields.
13217	Map datetime fields in "datemap" to a strftime string in the document.
13218	Output a cursor to a filename or stdout if filename is "-".
13219	Outputs all fields using the fieldNames list, formatting dates as specified in the datemap.
13220	Given a list of tasks and a dependency graph, return the tasks that must be performed in the correct order based on the specified dependencies.
13221	Add default departments for a given project.
13222	Add or create the default assettypes for a given project.
13223	Method to add or create default sequences for a given project.
13224	Add a random shot for each user in the project.
13225	Creates a random shot for every user when a project is saved. On creation, it also adds default departments, asset types, and sequences.
13226	Creates a global shot when a sequence is saved, except for a specific sequence name.
13227	Creating tasks for an element based on its project and dependencies.
13228	Ensures an open connection to a given peer and returns the peer ID.
13229	Sends a packet to a peer, establishing a connection if necessary, and manages the send operation asynchronously.
13230	Reads the value of the specified key under the given section in a configuration file and returns it as the specified data type. If the section or key is not found, raises a ConfigError.
13231	Nova annotation for adding function to process nova notification.
13232	Registers the decorated function to process Cinder notifications based on the event type. If the event type includes a wildcard, it adds the function to a dictionary for wildcard events; otherwise, it adds it to a dictionary for specific events.
13233	Neutron annotation for adding function to process neutron notification, categorizing based on event type.
13234	Decorator for adding functions to process glance notifications, categorized by event type or pattern.
13235	Adds function to process Swift notification based on event_type, storing in process_wildcard or process dict as appropriate.
13236	Register the decorated function to process keystone notifications based on event type.
13237	Annotate a test case with info that should be displayed in the reports.
13238	Adds a factory and calls `factory.doStart()`
13239	Removes a factory, calls its ``doStop`` method, and returns the factory.
13240	Attempts to connect using a given factory. This will find the requested factory and use it to build a protocol as if the AMP protocol's peer was making the connection. It will create a transport for the protocol and connect it immediately. It will then store the protocol under a unique identifier, and return that identifier.
13241	Receive some data for the given protocol.
13242	Disconnects the given protocol.
13243	Shorthand for `callRemote` method that uses the factory's connection to the AMP peer.
13244	Creates a multiplexed stream connection by connecting to the AMP server's multiplexed factory using the defined identifier. Once connected, it stores the connection reference and sends buffered data.
13245	Stores a reference to the connection, registers this protocol with the factory, and sends any buffered data, then clears the buffer.
13246	Handles data received from the local side, either sending it over a multiplexed connection or buffering it if the connection hasn't been established yet
13247	Actually sends data over the wire.
13248	Removes the AMP connection from the factory's protocol list if it exists.
13249	Attempts to get a local protocol by connection identifier. Raises `NoSuchConnection` if none is found.
13250	Find the matching protocol for the given connection and write the received data to its transport. Return an empty dictionary.
13251	When a disconnection is requested by the other side, this method is invoked. It retrieves the protocol associated with the given connection, terminates the transport connection, and returns an empty dictionary.
13252	Returns a centered string with padding on both sides
13253	Print a string with the current time right-aligned, using ANSI-aware string length calculation and terminal size.
13254	Return a nicely formatted string representing a semantic version number based on the given major, minor, patch, prerelease, and build components.
13255	Identify the unit framework based on the target unit.
13256	Check that a value can be converted to a specified target unit within a given unit framework.
13257	Doesn't take an nonexistent parameter.
13258	Remove standard padding from the data.
13259	Sign the extended request and return the augmented request arguments.
13260	Gather and return metadata statements based on the provided Federation Operators (fos) and context. If no context is provided, use the default context. The function returns a dictionary containing the metadata statements. If fos are provided, only the metadata statements for those specific fos are returned. If fos are not provided, all metadata statements in the context are returned. If no metadata statements are found for the given context, the function raises a ValueError.
13261	Prints the anagram results sorted by score to stdout.
13262	Parse command-line arguments for an anagram finder.
13263	Main function that processes command line arguments, parses them using `argument_parser`, and then calls `pretty_print` to display anagrams in each word within the specified range.
13264	Do not overwrite this method. Instead implement `on_...` methods for the registered typenames to handle incoming packets.
13265	Invoked if a packet with an unregistered type was received. Default behaviour is to log and close the connection.
13266	Create a callable that will invoke the given remote function. The stub will return a deferred even if the remote function does not.
13267	Called from remote to ask if a call made to here is still in progress.
13268	u"""
Get the command regex string and corresponding completer dictionary for the given command group.
"""
13269	Extracts a value from an amp str proto.
13270	Wraps the object in a list, and then defers to ``amp.AmpList``.
13271	Verifies that an instance of this class adheres to the given restrictions. Specifically, it checks that if "signing_keys" is present, "signing_keys_uri" must not be present, and that "signing_keys" must be a valid JWKS. Additionally, it verifies that there are no keys in both "metadata_statements" and "metadata_statement_uris". Returns True if all checks pass, otherwise returns False.
13272	Parse a simple JWKS or signed JWKS from an HTTP response and return the parsed JSON or None.
13273	Performs a pg_dump backup with options for username, password, host, port, and format. Returns status code and shell output.
13274	Returns a list of all databases on the server
13275	Returns a dictionary of all the files under a specified path, with the file names as keys and their corresponding MD5 hashes as values.
13276	Syncs a local directory with an S3 bucket. Currently does not delete files from S3 that are not in the local directory.
13277	Decorator to ensure the user has necessary tokens for specified services.
13278	Displays the login form, handles the login action, and authenticates the user.
13279	Dynamically build a command-line interface (CLI) based on the package structure.
13280	Return a closed read-only instance of Fridge.
13281	Force reloading the data from the file, discarding all in-memory dictionary data. Automatically called by the constructor; typically not required manually.
13282	Create a signed JWT containing a JWKS.
13283	Request a signed metadata statement using specified keys.
13284	A decorator for providing a unittest with a library and have it called only once.
13285	Descover and load greencard tests.
13286	```python
A command line entry point for a test runner that processes each card in a librarian library. It takes arguments for the library database and test directory, runs the tests, and prints the results.
```
13287	Returns the Scrabble score of a given letter. Raises a TypeError if the letter is not a valid Scrabble character.
13288	Calculate the Scrabble score of a single word based on the letters in the rack and tiles on the board.
13289	Opens the word list file and yields words based on the provided start and end characters.
13290	Checks if the input word can be played using a full set of Scrabble tiles, accounting for wildcard letters.
13291	'''
Executes a search query and prints the best answer's code. If no result is found, it prompts the user to add tags.
'''
13292	Run code analysis based on input query and optional tags.
13293	Handle a JSON AMP dialect request by parsing JSON, converting dialect-specific values, finding the correct responder function, invoking it, and serializing the result or error.
13294	Gets the command class and matching responder function for the given command name.
13295	Parses all the values in the request that are specific to the JSON AMP dialect.
13296	Runs the given responder function and adds an `_answer` key to the response if it succeeds. If the responder fails with an error known to the command, it serializes the error.
13297	Serializes the response to JSON and writes it to the transport.
13298	Tells the box receiver to stop receiving boxes.
13299	Builds a bridge and associates it with an AMP protocol instance.
13300	Factory that creates KeyJar instances from JWKS.
13301	Upload a bundle from an unsigned JSON document.
13302	This function handles a nova notification by first looking up a process in `nova_customer_process` dictionary using the `event_type` from the notification body. If no matching process is found, it iterates through `nova_customer_process_wildcard` to find a process that matches the `event_type` using a wildcard pattern. If no matching wildcard process is found, it defaults to the `default_process`. The function then calls the selected process with the notification body and message, and acknowledges the message.
13303	This function handles a Cinder notification by looking up the appropriate process in a dictionary of customer processes or wildcard patterns. If no matching process is found, it uses a default process. After processing the notification, it acknowledges the message.
13304	This function handles neutron notifications by first looking for a specific process in `neutron_customer_process` using the `event_type`. If not found, it checks `neutron_customer_process_wildcard` using regular expressions. If still not found, it defaults to the `default_process`. After executing the appropriate process, it acknowledges the message.
13305	Handles glance notifications by determining the appropriate process based on the event type.
13306	Called when a line is received.
13307	This function processes keystone notifications by first attempting to find a specific process in `keystone_customer_process` based on the `event_type`. If not found, it searches for a matching process in `keystone_customer_process_wildcard` using regular expressions. If no matches are found, it uses a default process. The function then acknowledges the message.
13308	This function processes heat notifications. It first attempts to find a specific process from `heat_customer_process`. If not found, it searches a wildcard process in `heat_customer_process_wildcard`. If no match is found in both, it uses a default process. After processing, it acknowledges the message.
13309	Serves the app using wsgiref or a provided server.
13310	Print 'msg' to stdout, and optionally log it at info level.
13311	Prints the message `msg` to stderr and logs it at the INFO level using the `log` object if provided.
13312	Decorator to register a Command class in the default set.
13313	Decorator to register CommandSubClass as a command in Class.
13314	Checks if constraints are satisfied and then converts the given value using the baseArgument's `toString` method.
13315	Converts the string to a value using the composed AMP argument, then checks all the constraints against that value.
13316	Merges `cdict` into `completers`, raising a `ValueError` if a key duplicates and `regex` is false'y, otherwise updating the key with a unique regex and returning the updated regex.
13317	Start ternya work.

First, import customer's service modules.
Second, init openstack mq.
Third, keep a ternya connection that can auto-reconnect.
13318	### Example 2:
Input:
```python
def init_mq(self):
    """Init connection and consumer with openstack mq."""
    mq = self.init_connection()
    self.init_consumer(mq)
    return mq.connection
```
Output:
Initializes an OpenStack MQ connection and consumer, then returns the connection.
13319	Import customer's service modules using the provided configuration.
13320	Init openstack nova mq

1. Check if enable listening nova notification
2. Create consumer
13321	Initialize OpenStack Cinder MQ
Check if notification listening is enabled
Create MQ consumer for Cinder
Log notification listening status
13322	Init openstack neutron mq

1. Check if enable listening neutron notification
2. Create consumer
13323	Init openstack glance mq
1. Check if enable listening glance notification
2. Create consumer
13324	Initiate OpenStack Heat message queue consumer

1. Check if heat notification listening is enabled
2. Create multiple consumers based on configuration
13325	Check if a customer has enabled notifications for a specific OpenStack component.
13326	Queries baidu music API for song information
13327	Downloads music using multiple threads by dividing the file into parts and combining them after download.
13328	Execute a Python code object
13329	Load a variable from the global namespace. If the variable is not found, try to load it from the built-in namespace.
13330	Implement the CALL_FUNCTION_ operation.
13331	Performs a mysqldump backup for a given database and returns the status code and shell output.
13332	Render ditaa code into a PNG output file
13333	Invoked in the 'finally' block of Application.run.
13334	Run the main application and exit with the return value. Handle various exceptions and perform cleanup tasks before exiting.
13335	Changes to directory `path` and returns to the current working directory when exited.
13336	Cells an existing directory tree by copying all of the contents.
13337	Handles debugging by calling `post_mortem` in the context of an exception, or `set_trace` otherwise, preferring `ipdb` if installed.
13338	Find the time this file was last modified.
13339	Find out if this item has been modified since last
13340	````
Builds a local cache based on the content of the directory.
```
13341	Clears all information in the local cache and on disk for the object.
13342	Rip the events from a given RSS feed, normalize the data, and store it.
13343	Download the image and return the local path to the image file.
13344	Method to check if an image has changed since it was last downloaded using a head request.
13345	Initiates a template.Node subclass based on parameters and flag values.
13346	Find the caller's stack frame for source file, line number, and function name, with optional stack information.
13347	get the C_C in which pe_pe is defined
13348	Parse command line options and launch the prebuilder.
13349	Find a symbol in the symbol table by name, kind, or both.
13350	Given a PE_PE object, determines if it is contained within a EP_PKG or a C_C object.
13351	Check if a PE_PE is globally defined, i.e. not inside a C_C
13352	Converts a BridgePoint data type to a pyxtuml meta model type
13353	Retrieves lists of related attributes between two classes in an association using filters and attribute retrieval methods.
13354	Create a named tuple from a BridgePoint enumeration, handling reserved keywords by appending an underscore.
13355	Create a Python function from a BridgePoint bridge.
13356	Create a Python object from a BridgePoint external entity with bridges realized as Python member functions.
13357	Create a Python function from a BridgePoint function.
13358	Converts a BridgePoint constant to a Python value based on its data type.
13359	Creates a Python function that interprets the action of a BridgePoint class operation.
13360	Create a Python property that interprets the action of a BridgePoint derived attribute
13361	Creates a pyxtuml class from a BridgePoint class
13362	This function creates a pyxtuml association from a simple association in BridgePoint, handling unformalized associations by selecting an alternative form, and defines the association with relevant details.
13363	Creating pyxtuml associations from a linked association in BridgePoint.
13364	Create a pyxtuml association from a R_REL in ooaofooa.
13365	Create a pyxtuml meta model from a BridgePoint model. Optionally, restrict to classes and associations contained in the component c_c.
13366	Calls a function and sends results to the collector, supporting various function actions. It handles function returns, yields, and exceptions, and sends appropriate replies based on the results.
13367	Sends an ACCEPT reply.
13368	Sends a REJECT reply.
13369	Send RAISE reply
13370	Allocates a call id and emits.
13371	Waits for the call to be accepted by workers and starts collecting the results, handling retries and limits, and raising exceptions if no results are received.
13372	Dispatches the reply to the proper queue.
13373	Guess the type name of a serialized value.
13374	Deserialize a value of some type based on the given type and value.
13375	Tokenizes a left parenthesis.
13376	sets the end line position of the token and returns it
13377	Retrieve a feature collection by content ID and optional feature names. If the feature collection does not exist, return `None`. Handles exceptions and retrieves features based on specified names or all features if none are specified.
13378	A method that retrieves multiple feature collections for a given list of content ids and yields tuples of content id and feature collection. If a feature collection does not exist for a given id, None is returned.
13379	Adds feature collections to the store. This function efficiently adds multiple feature collections to the store by iterating over an iterable of `(content_id, FC)` tuples. It optionally indexes features based on the provided feature names or all features if `None` is passed. Wildcards are allowed for feature names. The function constructs bulk actions to be used with Elasticsearch's bulk API.
13380	Deletes the corresponding feature collection. If the collection does not exist, no action is taken.
13381	Deletes all feature collections from the specified index in Elasticsearch.
13382	Deletes the underlying Elasticsearch index if it exists. Use with caution as it removes the entire index, which could be shared by multiple instances.
13383	Scan for FCs in the given id ranges.
13384	Scan for ids only in the given id ranges.
13385	Scan for FCs with a given prefix, optionally filtering by feature names.
13386	Scan for ids with a given prefix.
13387	Fulltext search yielding triples (score, identifier, FC) based on the given query and feature names.
13388	Fulltext search for identifiers. Yields an iterable of triples (score, identifier) corresponding to the search results.
13389	This function performs a keyword scan to search for feature collections with terms from a given query. It yields the feature collection id and the corresponding feature collection for each match.
13390	Performs a keyword scan for IDs using a query. If `query_fc` is `None`, the query is retrieved automatically corresponding to `query_id`. Returns an iterable of `content_id`.
13391	Manages a keyword index scan for identifiers of FCs with a specific feature value.
13392	Maps feature names to ElasticSearch's "_source" field, handling different input types.
13393	Creates Elasticsearch filters for key ranges used in scanning. Returns a list of filters.
13394	Create the index with specified settings.
13395	Create the field type mapping and ensure the index is healthy.
13396	Retrieve the field mappings for debugging purposes. This function constructs a dictionary where keys are feature names and values are dictionaries representing the type, store, and index settings for each feature.
13397	Retrieve the field types from Elasticsearch mapping for debugging purposes.
13398	Creates a disjunction for keyword scan queries.
13399	Counts the total size of a feature collection in bytes.
13400	Counts the total bytes of feature collections that satisfy the predicates in `filter_preds`, binning them by the predicates.
13401	Constructs a nicely formatted string representation of an FC dictionary, where each feature is displayed alongside its associated filename. If the feature is an instance of `StringCounter`, it formats the feature as a list of key-value pairs, each on a new line.
13402	Take care of command line options.
13403	Escape the error, and wrap it in a span with class ``error-message``
13404	Create a human-readable representation of a link on the 'TO'-side
13405	Create a human-readable representation of a unique identifier by combining the metaclass's identifying attributes and their corresponding values.
13406	Check the model for uniqueness constraint violations.
13407	Checks the model for integrity violations on an association in a particular direction.
13408	Checks the model for integrity violations across a subtype association and returns the count of violations.
13409	Returns a function that can be used to create indexes on any combination of features in a feature collection.
13410	Returns a bytes object for integers using big-endian format and a UTF-8 encoded lowercase string for other types
13411	Adds feature collections to the store, overwriting existing ones. Optionally creates new indexes for each content object if `indexes` is `True`.
13412	Clears all storage by deleting every content object and all index data from the specified tables.
13413	Retrieve feature collections in a range of ids and returns a generator of content objects.
13414	Returns a generator of `content_id` corresponding to the content identifier ranges specified by `key_ranges`.
13415	Return a generator of content identifiers that match an indexed value.
13416	Returns a generator of content identifiers that match a prefix of an indexed value.
13417	Returns a generator of (index key, content identifier) that match the prefix of a specified value.
13418	Implementation for index scanning with a prefix and a return function. Returns transformed keys based on the provided prefix and index.
13419	Adds an index to the store instance. Defines the name, create, and transform functions for the index. The index is automatically updated on calls to `put`. Overwrites existing index if it exists.
13420	Adds new index values for a specified index in the database. Takes an index name and a list of tuples containing content identifiers and :class:`dossier.fc.FeatureCollection` objects. Each tuple represents a single index value to be added.
13421	Adds a new index key to the key-value store based on the transformed value, index name, and content ID. This method bypasses the creation of indexes from content objects.
13422	Returns a generator of index triples for the given ids_and_fcs pairs.
13423	Returns index transforms for a given name. Raises a KeyError if the index has not been registered.
13424	Checks if a package name exists on the Python Package Index (PyPI).
13425	Adds a direction suffix to a string based on the specified argument and the current language direction.
13426	Get the XSD name of a S_DT based on certain conditions.
13427	Recursively
13428	Construct an XML schema simpleType based on a given S_CDT.
13429	Build an xsd simpleType out of a S_EDT.
13430	Build an XML schema complexType from a structured data type (SDT)
13431	Convert a S_UDT to an xsd simpleType
13432	Build a partial xsd tree from a S_DT and its sub types.
13433	Construct an XML schema complex element from an object, including its attributes.
13434	Build an xsd complex element out of a C_C, including its packaged S_DT and O_OBJ.
13435	Build an xsd schema from a bridgepoint component.
13436	This function indents an XML string with four spaces and adds an additional line break after each node.
13437	Asynchronously fetches and returns the list of stolen bikes from the Bikeregister site by making a POST request after extracting an XSRF token and session token from the site's HTML.
13438	Sets positional information on a node based on the given parsing context.
13439	Decorator to add positional information to returned nodes.
13440	Tokener for detecting double equal ('==').
13441	Handles the lexical token for the not equal operator.
13442	Sets the end of the current token based on its current position and the length of the token value.
13443	Sets the end position of a token and returns the token.
13444	Treats the greater than or equal to symbol.
13445	Increment the endlexpos of the token by the length of the token's value.
13446	Advances the lexer position to the next token.
13447	handles the lexing of the left square bracket character "[". It updates the `endlexpos` attribute to reflect the position after the token and returns the token itself.
13448	Sets the `endlexpos` attribute of the token to the current lex position plus the length of the token value and returns the token.
13449	Handles the "?" token.
13450	Handles the lexical token for the less-than symbol ("<").
13451	Adjusts the end position of a token and returns it.
13452	Updates the end position of the token and returns it.
13453	Create message content and properties to create a queue with QMFv2.
13454	Create message content and properties to delete queue with QMFv2
13455	Create message content and properties to list all queues using QMFv2.
13456	Create message content and properties to list all exchanges with QMFv2.
13457	Create message content and properties to purge a queue using QMFv2.
13458	Returns a dictionary containing the raw string of a MIME email message. The email message is created with the given subject, sender, recipient, and HTML and plain text bodies. Optional attachments can be included.
13459	Returns the text from an image at a given URL by downloading the image only if it has changed, using OCR to extract text, and caching the result.
13460	Returns true or false based on if the OCR process has read actual words
13461	Parse command line options and launch the interpreter.
13462	Serialize the value from an xtuml metamodel instance to the corresponding string representation based on its type.
13463	Serialize an xtuml metamodel association into a string representation.
13464	Serialize an xtUML metamodel class into a CREATE TABLE statement.
13465	**Summary:**
CLI endpoint for searching files using n-grams.
13466	Searches files satisfying a given query by decomposing it into ngrams, scoring documents based on the number of matching ngrams, and returning the top documents.
13467	list partitioned into two lists based on a condition
13468	Run the program with various options including locations, random postcodes, stolen bikes, committed crimes, Wikipedia articles, JSON output, bike database update, REST API server, cross-origin, host, port, database path, and verbosity.
13469	Adds context variables for bidirectional language layout including direction, start, end, and marker entity.
13470	Find links that correspond to the given arguments.
13471	This method formalizes associations and exposes referential attributes on instances.
13472	Compute a lookup key for an instance based on a mapping of attributes.
13473	Return the index key used to identify an instance on the link.
13474	return the type of an attribute
13475	Creates and returns a new instance, initializes attributes with default values and positional/named arguments, and handles referential attributes by linking them to other instances.
13476	Obtain a sequence of all instances in the metamodel.
13477	Defines a new class in the metamodel, checks if it already exists, creates a metaclass, sets its attributes, and returns it.
13478	Send message with header and payload through ZeroMQ socket.
13479	Receives header, payload, and topics through a ZeroMQ socket.
13480	Checks for dead code using vulture and exits if too much is found.
13481	Returns a list of emails extracted from a string or list of strings.
13482	Mark a method as RPC.
13483	Collects methods which are speced as RPC.
13484	Normalizes and validates the postcode in the URL.
13485	Progresses to the next identifier and returns the current one.
13486	Accept a System Model containing top-level packages and recursively process each child package.
13487	A Component contains packageable elements
13488	A Package contains packageable elements.
13489	Return the average brightness of the image.
13490	Indicate whether or not to enter a case suite.
13491	Given a valid position in the text document, this function tries to find the position of the matching bracket. If successful, it returns the position; otherwise, it returns -1.
13492	Create a QTextEdit.ExtraSelection for a character at a given position
13493	Updates the document formatting based on the new cursor position by clearing old formatting and attempting to match a bracket around the cursor's new position.
13494	Fixes up exception information for IronPython compatibility.
13495	Create an input hook for running the Qt4 application event loop, using a custom input hook that interacts better with the readline package and automatically restores the hook in case it has been temporarily disabled after intercepting a KeyboardInterrupt.
13496	Get a Mapper instance with the given name, creating it if it doesn't exist.
13497	Decorator for registering a path pattern.
13498	Decorate a function to register a simple path with optional method and type casting.
13499	Function for registering a path pattern.
13500	registers assertions fail.
13501	Calls the first function matching the URL pattern and method. Returns the function's return value or `None` if no function was called.
13502	Reimplemented to store history.
13503	Called when the up key is pressed. Returns whether to continue processing the event.
13504	Determines whether to continue processing the event when the down key is pressed, based on the current cursor position, whether the history is locked, and any text entered as a prefix.
13505	Sets the input buffer to a previous history item if possible. Allows filtering by a substring and whether it must match as a prefix or not. Returns whether the input buffer was changed.
13506	Set input buffer to a subsequent history item. If possible. Returns True if buffer was changed.
13507	Handle replies for code execution, processing session history length if the reply is a save magic command and the session is not hidden.
13508	Return whether history movement is locked
13509	Retrieves a history item at the given index, applying any temporary edits if present. Returns an empty string if the index is at the end of the history.
13510	update history and history edits
13511	If there are edits to the current input buffer, store them.
13512	Event handler for button click closes the application and performs cleanup.
13513	Generates a list of Record objects from a DataFrame, where each Record represents a row from the DataFrame and can include additional optional data through kwargs.
13514	Converts a collection of Record objects back into a pandas DataFrame.
13515	Runs the full turntable process on a pandas DataFrame using a specified method to process each row.
13516	Initializes the given argument structure as properties of the class to be used by name in specific method execution.
13517	Updates the subscriptions of the SUB socket based on the topics.
13518	Receive and parse a log message, then log it.
13519	Merges multiple sorted lists into a single sorted list using a stable merge algorithm.
13520	Return an iterator on an object living on a remote engine.
13521	Method for converting a notebook to the v2 format.
13522	Return this platform's maximum compatible version.
13523	Retrieve a PEP 302 "importer" for a given path item, using sys.path_importer_cache or path hooks, or wrapping the built-in import machinery if no importer is found.
13524	A thunk to lazily load the real `StringIO` module from either `cStringIO` or `StringIO` based on availability.
13525	Convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key
13526	```markdown
Return True when distribute wants to override a setuptools dependency.

* We want to override when the requirement is setuptools and the version is a variant of 0.6.
* If the requirement is just setuptools and has no version specifications, return True.
* If the requirement has version specifications, check if any comparator is '==', '>=', or '>', and if '0.7' is in the version, return False.
* If none of the above conditions are met, return True.
```
13527	Add `dist` to working set, associated with `entry`. If `entry` is unspecified, it defaults to the `dist.location`. If `insert` is True, `dist` is inserted at the beginning of the working set's `entries`. If `dist` is for a project that doesn't already have a distribution in the set, unless `replace=True`, it is added. If added, any callbacks registered with the ``subscribe()`` method will be called.
13528	Find all activatable distributions in `plugin_env`. Returns a tuple of list of distributions and dictionary of errors.
13529	Return absolute location in cache for `archive_name` and `names`.
13530	Parse a single entry point from string `src`
13531	Parse and cache metadata.
13532	Recomputes the dependencies for this distribution, including condition expressions, and organizes them by extras.
13533	Function parses a notebook filename and returns the notebook format (json/py) and the notebook name based on the filename extension. If no extension is provided, it assumes the extension to be .ipynb.
13534	Return a modified version of `txt` where leading whitespaces are removed from lines based on whether the `header` is 'description'. If it is, lines starting with 8 spaces are left unchanged; otherwise, all leading whitespace is removed from each line.
13535	Reimplemented to disconnect signal handlers and event filter.
13536	Reimplemented to connect signal handlers and event filter.
13537	Return a cursor with text between the start position and the current position selected.
13538	Updates the current item based on the current text. Sets the current item to the first matching item that starts with the selected text or hides the widget if no match is found.
13539	Registers the models of the app with the given "appName" for the admin site, excluding specified models.
13540	Return disk partitions.
13541	Returns system CPU times as a named tuple.
13542	Returns system per-CPU times as a list of named tuples.
13543	Use the raw Win32 handle of sys.stdin to perform non-blocking reads
13544	Use a blocking stdin read and handle exceptions.
13545	update visibility of the tabBar based on the number of tabs
13546	This method creates a new frontend attached to the same kernel as the current tab, and adds it to the tab widget with an appropriate name.
13547	Insert a tab with a given frontend in the tab bar, and give it a name.
13548	Adds an action to a menu and also to the self object, ensuring the action remains available even when the menu bar is invisible. If `defer_shortcut` is True, sets the shortcut context to widget-only to avoid shortcut conflicts.
13549	Return a function that will execute a given magic string on the active frontend when called.
13550	Internal method to populate the "All Magics..." menu with a list of magic commands.
13551	Forward the close event to every tab contained by the window. If there are tabs, prompt the user for confirmation before closing all tabs, stop all kernels, and quit. If the user cancels, ignore the close event; if the user confirms, close all tabs, stop all kernels, and accept the close event.
13552	Generate hashed password and salt for use in notebook configuration.
13553	Verify that a given passphrase matches its hashed version.
13554	Generate an HTML snippet for showing a boolean value on the admin page as a checkbox input, which is wired to run an AJAX updater to toggle the value. If an override value is provided, it ignores the attribute and returns a static image with no user interaction.
13555	Generate a short title for an object and indent it based on the object's depth in the hierarchy.
13556	Utility method to collect fields marked as editable booleans in a ModelAdmin class, ensuring users can only edit specified fields.
13557	Handle an AJAX toggle_boolean request, validate user permissions, update the boolean attribute of an object, and return the updated data as JSON.
13558	Implement a lookup for object-level permissions, extending ModelAdmin's functionality.
13559	Implement a lookup for object-level permissions, similar to ModelAdmin.has_delete_permission but including the obj parameter.
13560	Add children recursively to a binary tree
13561	Create a symmetrical binary tree with a specified number of levels using networkx.
13562	Returns a dictionary of job results where each job is applied sequentially based on its time dependencies described by the graph G.
13563	Validate that jobs executed after their dependencies.
13564	Builds a set of color attributes in a class. Helper function for building the *TermColors classes.
13565	Return a full copy of the object, optionally renaming it.
13566	Add a new color scheme to the table.
13567	Set the currently active color scheme with an option for case sensitivity.
13568	Return the lib dir under the 'home' installation scheme. If pypy is used, 'site-packages' is returned. Otherwise, 'lib/python' is returned.
13569	Process messages received on the `iopub` channel and handle them based on their type, such as `stdout`, `stderr`, `pyout`, and `status`.
13570	Method to capture raw_input with timeout and handle SIGINT to stop local raw_input if intercepted.
13571	Wait for a kernel to be ready by repeatedly running a cell and checking the heartbeat channel. If the kernel starts beating, return True. If the timeout is reached and the kernel is not ready, return False.
13572	Sets the specified Pygments style.
13573	Returns a QTextCharFormat for a token or None.
13574	Returns a QTextCharFormat for token by formatting it with the formatter and setting the document's HTML.
13575	Returns a QTextCharFormat for a token based on the given Pygments style.
13576	Searches the PATH for the given command and returns its path.
13577	Converts a given file path to its canonical, case-normalized, and absolute form.
13578	Verify that namespace packages are valid.
13579	Verify that entry_points map is parseable.
13580	Determine if the input source ends in a blank. A blank is either a newline or a line consisting of whitespace.
13581	Determine if the input source ends in two blanks.
13582	Handle the `files = !ls` syntax and replace it with a Python command to execute the shell command and assign the output to the left-hand side variable.
13583	Handle the `a = %who` syntax.
13584	Handle inputs that start with '>>> ' syntax.
13585	Handle inputs that start classic IPython prompt syntax. Remove the prompt syntax if present.
13586	Pushes one or more lines of input and returns a status code indicating whether the code forms a complete Python block.
13587	Determines whether a block of interactive input can accept more input
13588	Compute the new indentation level for a line of Python code, adjusting for dedents and full flush-left dedents.
13589	Store input lines in a buffer with an optional newline.
13590	Reset and return input and raw source
13591	Process lines when they start with %%, which marks cell magics.
13592	Append new content for a cell magic in line mode.
13593	Process and translate a cell of input.
13594	Push one or more lines of IPython input and return a status code indicating whether the code forms a complete Python block or not.
13595	Initialize observer storage by setting up containers for observed types and senders, and storing observers.
13596	Post notification to all registered observers.
13597	finds all registered observers that should receive notification
13598	Registers an observer callback to this notification center. The given callback will be called upon posting of notifications of the given type/sender and will receive any additional arguments passed to post_notification.
13599	Add a new background job and start it in a separate thread.
13600	Update the status of the job lists by moving finished jobs to appropriate lists and copying them to corresponding _report lists for reporting.
13601	Report summary for a given job group. Return True if the group had any elements.
13602	Flush a given job group and return True if the group had any elements.
13603	Prints the status of newly finished jobs and returns True if any new jobs are reported. It resets its own state every time, so it only reports jobs which have finished since the last time it was called.
13604	Print a status of all jobs currently being managed.
13605	This method initializes common attributes for all BackgroundJob objects and sets up tracebacks for error handling.
13606	Inserts a value into the list at a specified index and rebuilds the list.
13607	Return a shallow copy of the Environment.
13608	Declare an environment variable as a special variable, allowing the handling of variables even if the environment variable is not present.
13609	Declare an environment variable as a list-like special variable.
13610	Declare an environment variable as a set-like special variable.
13611	Change the working directory that processes should be executed in. If relative, will be interpreted relative to the current working directory.
13612	Swaps two cities in the route of a TSP (Traveling Salesman Problem) state.
13613	Calculates the length of the route based on the distance matrix or the coordinates of the cities.
13614	Ensure an empty dictionary `d` is created, then populate it with `keys` as keys and `None` as their values if `keys` is not provided, otherwise use `self._keys` as the keys.
13615	Ensure that an incorrect table doesn't exist. If a bad (old) table does exist, return False.
13616	Convert a list to a dictionary using the provided keys.
13617	Returns an SQL query and a list of arguments based on a MongoDB-style search dictionary.
13618	Standard warning printer with output sent to `io.stderr`. Provides options for different warning levels, including printing the message, printing a formatted message with a warning/error level, and triggering a sys.exit() for fatal errors.
13619	Read a configuration file, validate it with a JSON Schema if provided, and merge it with default values if a default file is given. If no configuration file is provided, it reads the config/app.yml file from the venv base directory. If no validation is required, it simply returns the loaded configuration.
13620	display - output a simple table with several columns
13621	Output: Generate a link tag based on given URL, text, classes, and target. If URL doesn't start with 'http' or '/', handle additional reverse args using kwargs, and append GET parameters if provided.
13622	Output a script tag to a JavaScript file, handling both absolute and relative URLs.
13623	Create an HTML link tag for a CSS stylesheet with the specified URL. If the URL is relative, prepend the STATIC_URL.
13624	Image tag helper.
13625	Subtracts the arg from the value after ensuring they are numeric, or returns an empty string if an exception occurs.
13626	Multiplies two values; returns the result if they are numeric, otherwise returns an empty string
13627	Divides the arg by the value, handling potential numeric conversion and division errors
13628	Return the modulo value.
13629	Return the verbose name of a model. The `obj` argument can be either a Model instance or a ModelForm instance. This allows retrieving the verbose name of the model associated with a ModelForm easily, without requiring additional context variables.
13630	Split user input into initial whitespace, escape character, function part, and the rest.
13631	Register command-line options for parallel testing.
13632	Register a builtin function or method. If it already exists, keeps a record of it and registers the new function or method.
13633	Remove an added builtin and re-set the original.
13634	Removes builtins added by add_builtins, restores overwritten ones to their previous values.
13635	Finds the true URL name of a package by normalizing the given name and matching it against links on the index page.
13636	Yields all links with the given relations.
13637	Turn a command-line argument into a list. If the input string starts or ends with a single quote, it will be removed. The string will then be split by commas.
13638	The main entry point to Coverage. This is installed as the script entry point.
13639	Add a specialized option that is the action to execute.
13640	Add an action to the `actions` list.
13641	Parse and process command-line arguments for Coverage and perform various operations based on the parsed options.
13642	Display an error message, or the named topic.
13643	Handle help requests. Return True if it handled the request, False if not.
13644	Check for conflicts and problems in the options.
13645	Run the script and profile its coverage. u tin, lu li ng dn hin ti, sau  bt u phng on v chy m. Nu m chy thnh cng, lu tr kt qu phng on v khi phc li ng dn trc .
13646	Implement 'coverage debug' functionality to display system or data information.
13647	```Since the `unserialize_object` function reconstructs an object that was serialized by `serialize_object` from data buffers, it processes each buffer to extract the necessary data and reconstructs the object accordingly. If the deserialized object is a list or tuple, it iterates through its elements, reconstructing nested objects and their data. If the object is a dictionary, it constructs a new dictionary and reconstructs each value. If the object is a single item, it reconstructs it and its data. The function returns the reconstructed object and any remaining buffers.```
13648	Sets the hook by updating the `sys.displayhook` with the provided hook if it is different from the current `sys.displayhook`.
13649	Decorator to log unhandled exceptions raised in a method, preventing the stream from closing.
13650	Check if a string is a valid ZeroMQ URL
13651	Validates a URL for ZeroMQ, ensuring it meets the specified format and protocol requirements, and raises an error if invalid.
13652	validate a potentially nested collection of URLs.
13653	Retrieve value(s) from the global namespace using keys
13654	Selects and returns n random ports that are available.
13655	Turn a function into a remote function, enabling distributed computation.
13656	Turn a function into a parallel remote function
13657	call a function on each element of a sequence remotely. This should behave very much like the builtin map, but return an AsyncMapResult if self.block is False.
13658	Get the last n items in readline history.
13659	Set the autoindent flag, toggling it if no argument is provided.
13660	Initialize logging in case it was requested at the command line.
13661	Save the state of hooks in the sys module.
13662	Restore the state of the sys module by setting its attributes and resetting modified entries in sys.modules.
13663	Registers a function for calling after code execution. Raises a ValueError if the argument is not callable.
13664	Return a new 'main' module object for user code execution.
13665	Cache a main module's namespace, ensuring it persists across multiple executions to prevent memory leaks while allowing access to objects from the last execution.
13666	Initialize all user-visible namespaces to their minimum defaults. Certain history lists are also initialized to act as user namespaces.
13667	Get a list of references to all the namespace dictionaries in which IPython might store a user-created object.
13668	Clear all internal namespaces and attempt to release references to user objects. If `new_session` is True, a new history session will be opened.
13669	Delete a variable from various namespaces, ensuring no hidden references remain.
13670	Clear selective variables from internal namespaces based on a specified regular expression.
13671	Inject a group of variables into the IPython user namespace.
13672	Finds an object in the available namespaces, including magic functions and special literals. Returns a dictionary with details about the found object.
13673	**Summarized method:**  
The `_ofind_property` method is used to retrieve property details for a specified attribute using the provided class hierarchy and method arguments (`oname` and `info`). If the attribute is found within a class, it checks if the attribute is a property and updates the provided `info` object accordingly. If the attribute is not found, it returns the unmodified `info` object.

If the attribute is found within a class, the method:
1. Constructs a new path by joining the class name.
2. Retrieves the class and attempts to get the attribute. If the attribute is a property, it updates the `oname` and `info` with the new path and class property details.
13674	Find an object by name and return a struct containing information about it, including properties.
13675	Generic method for inspecting objects. Used by pdef, pdoc and friends.
13676	Sets up the command history and starts regular autosaves.
13677	Hook for handling exceptions in GUI applications
13678	Display the exception that just occurred. If nothing is known about the exception, this method should be used for presenting user tracebacks.
13679	Actually show a traceback. Subclasses may override this method to put the traceback on a different place, like a side channel.
13680	Displays the syntax error that just occurred without a stack trace. If a filename is provided, it updates the exception's filename accordingly.
13681	Readline hook for auto-indent and inserting next input
13682	Return the completed text and a list of completions.
13683	Adds a new custom completer function to the list at a specified position.
13684	Set the frame of the completer.
13685	Executes the given line magic function, handling both line and cell magic.
13686	Find and return a magic of the given type by name. Returns None if the magic isn't found.
13687	Define a new macro with a given name and action. If the action is a string, create a new Macro object from it. Store the macro in the user namespace.
13688	Call the given command in a subprocess using `os.system`, expand variables, handle UNC paths on Windows if necessary, and store the exit code in the user namespace.
13689	Display the rewritten form of the user's command. This shows visual feedback by rewriting input lines that cause automatic calling to kick in.
13690	Get a list of variable names from the user's namespace and return a dictionary with the representation of each value.
13691	Evaluate a dictionary of expressions in the user's namespace and return a dictionary with the repr() of each value.
13692	Evaluates a Python expression from the given string and returns the result in the user namespace.
13693	Execute file in IPython syntax safely
13694	Call a cell magic with the data stored in self.
13695	Run a complete IPython cell.
13696	Run a sequence of AST nodes. The execution mode depends on the interactivity parameter.
13697	Activate pylab support at runtime, enabling matplotlib, preloading numpy and pylab into the interactive namespace, and configuring IPython to interact with the GUI event loop. Supports optional selection of matplotlib GUI backend.
13698	Expands Python variables in a string using a specified formatter, considering the local and global namespaces.
13699	Returns the file name of a new temporary file created with the given prefix, and writes the provided data to the file if specified.
13700	Returns a string containing a set of input history slices based on a given range string, with an option to use raw input history instead of processed input.
13701	Get code string from history, file, url, or a string or macro.
13702	Cleanup operations and saving of persistent data for IPython are performed at exit. This includes closing the history session, cleaning up tempfiles, resetting user namespaces, and running user hooks.
13703	Broadcast a message from one engine to all others.
13704	send a message from one to one-or-more engines.
13705	Make function raise SkipTest exception if a given condition is true.
13706	Make a function raise KnownFailureTest exception if a given condition is true.
13707	Filter deprecation warnings while running a test suite. This decorator allows filtering DeprecationWarning's and ensures that tests raise a DeprecationWarning if the condition is met.
13708	List profiles in a given directory that start with 'profile_'.
13709	List profiles that are bundled with IPython by reading the contents of a specific directory and filtering out non-directory entries.
13710	Method for finding a distribution matching a given requirement `req`. Returns the active distribution if it meets the version requirement, otherwise raises a ``VersionConflict``. Returns ``None`` if no matching distribution is found.
13711	Run given command and wait for it to finish, returning all output as a string.
13712	Get executable file path from the environment search path.
13713	Supports iteration over a file-like object
13714	Send a string to the child process and write it to log files
13715	Send SIGINT to child, not requiring it to be first on line.
13716	Return a recompiled unicode regexes as bytes regexes. Overridden in subclass.
13717	This method `expect` searches through the stream until a specified pattern is matched. It supports multiple pattern types, including strings, compiled regular expressions, and special values like `EOF` and `TIMEOUT`. The method returns the index of the matched pattern in the list. It also handles exceptions for `EOF` and `TIMEOUT` by returning the index of the corresponding special value in the pattern list. After a match, it sets instance attributes `before`, `after`, and `match` with relevant data, and it can be configured with a timeout and search window size.
13718	This method implements a loop for searching a pattern in a buffer. It repeatedly reads data from the buffer and searches for the pattern using a provided searcher object. If the pattern is found, it updates the buffer and returns the match index. If a timeout occurs or an EOF is reached, it handles these cases appropriately and updates the buffer and match information accordingly.
13719	Recompile bytes regexes as unicode regexes.
13720	Searches for the first occurrence of a string in the given buffer and returns its index.
13721	Search 'buffer' for the first occurrence of one of the regular expressions.
13722	Create a function to monitor progress updates and log them to a specified logger. If no logger is provided, a default logger named "ProgressMonitor" is used. The log message includes the monitor's name, progress percentage, and custom message.
13723	Unpacks a directory, handling both files and subdirectories, and applies a progress filter to each file.
13724	Emit a message to the user based on the message level and debug flag.
13725	Get the output of the last command executed. If the log is empty, raises a `RuntimeError`. Returns the error message of the last command if there was an error; otherwise, returns 'no last error' in a TODO case.
13726	Run and capture the output of a shell command using subprocess.check_output.
13727	Find the source for `filename`.
13728	Returns a sorted list of the arcs actually executed in the code.
13729	Return a sorted list of the arcs in the code not executed.
13730	Return a sorted list of arcs that were executed but not predicted.
13731	Return a list of line numbers that have more than one exit.
13732	Return the total number of branches with an exit count greater than 1.
13733	Return arcs that weren't executed from branch lines.
13734	Get stats about branches. Returns a dict mapping line numbers to a tuple: (total_exits, taken_exits).
13735	Set the number of decimal places for percentage reporting.
13736	Calculate and return the percentage coverage based on executed statements and branches.
13737	Converts the percent covered to a string without a percent sign, rounding to a specified precision and handling values close to 0 and 100.
13738	Applies `cls_name` to all `needles` found in `haystack`, wrapping them in HTML `<span>` tags with the specified class.
13739	Returns the input string with specified keywords highlighted using the given class name.
13740	Returns the input string with specified keywords highlighted.
13741	**(run func under os sandboxing)**
13742	Remove a pair of quotes from the endpoints of a string if they exist.
13743	Indent a string a given number of spaces or tabstops.
13744	Returns input string centered in a marquee
13745	Removes some latex-type format codes from a string.
13746	Equivalent of textwrap.dedent that ignores unindented first line. This means it will still dedent strings like: '''foo is a bar ''' For use in wrap_paragraphs.
13747	Wraps multiple paragraphs to fit a specified width.
13748	Calculate optimal information to columnize a list of strings.
13749	Return list item number, or default if don't exist
13750	```plaintext
Compute a matrix of strings to be columnized with specified parameters such as separator size and display width. Returns a nested list representing the matrix and a dictionary containing information about the matrix's structure.
```
13751	Collects whitespace-separated fields from string lists, allowing quick awk-like usage. With specified fields, it extracts and joins them, ignoring IndexErrors. If no fields are specified, it simply splits the strings.
13752	Builds an argument vector for a kernel subprocess, processing the input arguments and appending a specific configuration flag.
13753	Sets up SSH tunnels for connections if needed.
13754	Pretty print the object's representation.
13755	Prints the object in a pretty format to stdout.
13756	Get a reasonable method resolution order of a class and its superclasses for both old-style and new-style classes.
13757	The default print function used if an object does not provide one and it's none of the builtin objects.
13758	Factory that returns a pprint function useful for sequences.
13759	Factory that returns a pprint function used by the default pprint of dicts and dict proxies.
13760	Pretty prints the super object by displaying its class and the instance it references.
13761	Formats a regular expression pattern for pretty printing
13762	Print class or type name.
13763	Base pprint for all functions and builtin functions.
13764	Base pprint for all exceptions.
13765	Add a pretty printer for a given type.
13766	Utility method to add a custom pretty printer for a type specified by its module and name.
13767	Add literal text to the output, updating buffer and width accordingly.
13768	Add a breakable separator to the output.
13769	Ends a group and removes it from the stack. Adjusts indentation and manages group queues based on whether the group contains breakables and whether a closing string is provided.
13770	Clear buffer and flush data to output.
13771	Pretty print the given object while handling cycles and custom printers.
13772	Return a color table with fields for exception reporting.
13773	Writing row with translations into specified sheet and row_no of ODS file.
13774	Get the current clipboard's text on Windows.
13775	Get the clipboard's text on OS X.
13776	Get the clipboard's text using Tkinter. This is the default on systems that are not Windows or OS X. It may interfere with other UI toolkits and should be replaced with an implementation that uses that toolkit.
13777	Hashimoto fx
13778	Rekey a dictionary to convert string keys that represent integers or floats into their respective integer or float values. If a new key already exists, a `KeyError` is raised.
13779	Recursively extracts ISO8601 dates from unpacked JSON
13780	Convert datetime objects within a nested data structure to ISO8601 formatted strings.
13781	Convert datetime objects to JSON serializable format using ISO8601.
13782	Clean an object to ensure it's safe to encode in JSON.
13783	Verifies if the installation directory is capable of handling .pth files and checks for necessary conditions for installation.
13784	Write an executable script file to the specified installation directory.
13785	Simple function that prints a message, sleeps for a specified duration, and returns the input arguments.
13786	Output:
Create and return the ArgumentParser for the command.
13787	Converts .pyx source files to .c by appending .c to the filenames in the sources list.
13788	Watch iopub channel and print messages
13789	A method to create a package finder appropriate for this install command. Subclasses are expected to override this method, not call it directly. It returns a PackageFinder object with various options and a session.
13790	Adjust the log level when it is set.
13791	Starts logging for the application using a StreamHandler.
13792	Ensures the flags dictionary is valid by checking that each key-value pair has a value of length 2, where the first element is either a dictionary or a Config object, and the second element is a string.
13793	Prints the alias part of the help.
13794	Returns the flag part of the help.
13795	Prints the subcommand part of the help.
13796	Print help for each Configurable class in self.classes, optionally including class parameters.
13797	Print usage and examples.
13798	Fires the traits events when the configuration is updated.
13799	Initializes a subcommand with argv.
13800	Flatten flags and aliases to ensure command-line arguments override configuration file settings correctly. Only aliases with exactly one descendent in the class list will be promoted.
13801	Return parsed command line arguments for the application
13802	Loads a configuration file in .py format using the specified filename and path, handles exceptions, and updates the configuration if successful.
13803	Returns a string that contains a default configuration file for the given classes.
13804	Choose k random elements from the input array.
13805	Produce a sequence of formatted lines from information, where `info` is a sequence of pairs (label, data). The produced lines are neatly formatted and ready for printing. If the data is empty, it displays "-none-". For lists or tuples, it prefixes each element with the label.
13806	Writes a line of debug output, optionally prefixing it with the process ID.
13807	Update all class traits with ``config=True`` metadata using values from the corresponding config entry.
13808	Returns a help string for the given class in ReST format, optionally using the current trait values of an instance.
13809	Gets the help string for a single trait, optionally using the current trait values from an instance.
13810	Returns a string that describes the class configuration section, including its description, parent configurations, and configurable traits with their default values.
13811	Unset `_instance` for this class and its singleton parents.
13812	Returns a global instance of this class. This method creates a new instance if none have previously been created and returns a previously created instance if one already exists. The arguments and keyword arguments passed to this method are passed on to the `__init__` method of the class upon instantiation.
13813	Add detail from traceback inspection to error message of a failure.
13814	Add a small message to the traceback of an exception in a lightweight manner.
13815	Reimplemented to ensure that signals are dispatched immediately.
13816	Reimplement the start_channels method to emit a signal.
13817	Read a notebook from a file-like object.
13818	Reads from a pipe while ignoring EINTR errors to ensure that commands can complete even when interrupted by GUI event loops.
13819	Open a command in a shell subprocess and execute a callback.
13820	Splits a command line's arguments in a shell-like manner, handling quotes and errors according to specified parameters.
13821	Remove duplicates and create a new list with at most 20 entries from the first and last 10 items of the input list.
13822	a class decorator for all subclasses of the main Magics class. Any class that subclasses Magics *must* also apply this decorator, to ensure that all the methods that have been decorated as line/cell magics get correctly registered in the class instance. This is necessary because when method decorators run, the class does not exist yet, so they temporarily store their information into a module global. Application of this class decorator copies that global data to the class instance and clears the global.
13823	Store a function as a magic of a specific kind in a dictionary.
13824	Decorator factory for methods in Magics subclasses that validates the type of magic_kind and records the magic_method and the name.
13825	Decorator factory for standalone functions that registers IPython magic commands.
13826	Return a dictionary of documentation for magic functions.
13827	Register one or more instances of Magics
13828	Functions standalone function as magic function for IPython.
13829	The function `format_latex` is designed to prepare a string for inclusion in LaTeX documents by escaping special characters, formatting command names, and handling paragraph continuation.
13830	Parse options passed to an argument string and return them in a structured format.
13831	Add an entry to the options_table for a given magic function with a specified value.
13832	Show a basic reference about the GUI Console using IPython's pager.
13833	Factory function to create a properly initialized task from a callable and optional configuration.
13834	Return task info dictionary from task label.
13835	Finds and returns a callable object from a task info dictionary
13836	Calculate the next scheduled run time for a task based on the current schedule and last run time.
13837	Submit task for immediate execution. Does not handle iteration, end-date, etc., processing.
13838	Run the task callable with a task message and update task status accordingly
13839	Instance method to run this task immediately, setting last run time, recalculating next run, saving the instance, and submitting the task at the current time.
13840	Class method to run a callable with a specified number of iterations, scheduling and delay options.
13841	Run a one-shot task, immediately.
13842	Sets the URL file path, assuming its existence is validated by other logic.
13843	Promote engine to listening kernel, accessible to frontends.
13844	Executes a test described by a YAML file. If check is set to true, only performs a syntax check of the test steps; otherwise, runs the test.
13845	Create an interrupt event handle using a security attributes struct, and return it from a static method. The handle can be used to interrupt a child process with the ``send_interrupt`` function.
13846	Run the poll loop indefinitely.
13847	Filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type, considering case sensitivity and type matching.
13848	Return dictionary of objects matching type_pattern and filter.
13849	Check if any pair of mutually exclusive options appear in the dictionary and raise a ValueError if they do.
13850	Is called after every pylab drawing command. It ensures that the current active figure is sent at the end of execution and signals that there will be something to send. It also handles the case where matplotlib is manually set to non-interactive mode.
13851	Send all figures that changed. Call show() if draw_if_interactive was called. Handle user-caused errors with showtraceback(). Clear flags for next round.
13852	Draw the given figure and send it as a PNG payload.
13853	Load an IPython extension by its module name.
13854	Unload an IPython extension by its module name. This function looks up the extension's name in `sys.modules` and calls the `unload_ipython_extension` method of the module.
13855	Generate a list of n random ports near the given port. The first 5 ports will be sequential, and the remaining n-5 will be randomly selected in the range [port-2*n, port+2*n].
13856	Initialize Tornado webapp and HTTP server, handling SSL configuration and port selection.
13857	Handle SIGINT by spawning a confirmation dialog in a background thread to prevent blocking the App.
13858	confirm shutdown on ^C
13859	Shuts down all kernels managed by the KernelManager, ensuring explicit termination to cleanup connection files.
13860	Prices European and Asian options using a Monte Carlo method.
13861	Replace in 'text' all occurrences of any key in the given dictionary by its corresponding value. Returns the new string.
13862	Render the output without justification or updating the width or txtwidth attributes.
13863	Launches a localhost kernel, binding to specified ports and executing given Python code.
13864	Creates a zipfile for the project version specified in the context dictionary.
13865	Update the version in metadata.txt based on the new_version from context.
13866	Returns true if the object is mappable, i.e., if it is a tuple, list, or an instance of any type in the `arrayModules` list
13867	Returns the pth partition of q partitions of seq.
13868	Monkeypatch pexpect to handle unhandled exceptions during VM teardown.
13869	Run the given file interactively.
13870	Run the given source code interactively.
13871	Generate a Cobertura-compatible XML report for the given modules or filenames.
13872	Adds a single file's analysis to an XML report, creating necessary XML elements and setting attributes based on the file and its analysis results.
13873	Download a segment of pi from super-computing.org if the file is not already present.
13874	Summarize the given code into a concise summary following the provided example format.
13875	read digits of pi from a file and compute the n digit frequencies
13876	Reads a .txt file containing the digits of pi and yields each digit as a specified type.
13877	Consume digits and compute 1 digit frequency counts, optionally normalizing the results.
13878	Compute frequency counts of two-digit numbers from a sequence of digits, optionally normalizing the results.
13879	Compute the frequency counts of n digits in the digits of pi.
13880	Plot two-digit frequency counts using matplotlib.
13881	Plot one digit frequency counts using matplotlib.
13882	Print the value of an expression from the caller's frame. Takes an expression, evaluates it in the caller's frame, and prints both the given expression and the resulting value, along with a debug mark indicating the name of the calling function. An optional message can be passed, which will be prepended to the printed expr->value pair.
13883	User-friendly reverse. Pass arguments and keyword arguments to Django's `reverse` as `args` and `kwargs` arguments, respectively. The special optional keyword argument `query` is a dictionary of query (or GET) parameters that can be appended to the `reverse`d URL.
13884	Check if the given base starts with an underscore but is not surrounded by two underscores.
13885	A unittest suite for one or more doctest files.
13886	Debug a single doctest docstring, in argument `src`'
13887	Debug a test script by executing it and allowing interactive debugging using `pdb`.
13888	Debug a single doctest docstring. Provide the module (or dotted name of the module) containing the test to be debugged and the name (within the module) of the object with the docstring with tests to be debugged.
13889	Get all data contained in hashed category 'hashroot' as dict
13890	Compress category 'hashroot', so hset is fast again
13891	All keys in DB, or all keys matching a glob
13892	Returns whether this record should be printed. Checks if the record is allowed and not denied.
13893	Return whether `record` starts with any item in `matchers`.
13894	Add captured log messages to error output.
13895	Call IPython at the current point in your program, creating an :class:`InteractiveShellEmbed` instance if it doesn't already exist.
13896	Embeds IPython into a running Python program. Input includes optional parameters for header, local namespace, module, stack depth, and display banner. Handles deprecated global_ns parameter by converting to module. Retrieves local and global namespaces from caller if not provided. Updates namespaces and fires up IPython interpreter. Patches for global embedding and restores original namespace for clean shutdown.
13897	Prepares new CSV writers, writes title rows, and returns them.
13898	Prepare locale directories for writing po files. Create new directories if they don't exist.
13899	Write msgstr for every language with all needed metadata and comment.
13900	Writes header into po file for specific language. Metadata are read from settings file.
13901	Subscribe a user to a service.
13902	Function to initialize option parser for setting various parameters such as user, secret, recipient, and more for a Notifo notification system.
13903	Run a python module, as though with ``python -m name args...``.
13904	Run a python file as if it were the main program on the command line.
13905	Get source from a file and create a code object from it.
13906	Function to extract a code object from a .pyc file.
13907	Accepts a matrix of data and returns an HTML table string. Optionally, allows selecting a single cell to highlight and adds headers and footers.
13908	Set the current cursor position while ensuring it stays within a specified range and adjusting the start and stop positions accordingly. If the current position is too close to the minimum or maximum, adjust the start or stop position to be closer to the minimum or maximum, respectively.
13909	Cancel the completion by resetting internal variables and clearing the temporary buffer in the console.
13910	Change the selection index within a grid while ensuring it stays within the valid range. Handles wrapping around the edges of the grid when moving in any direction.
13911	move cursor up
13912	Move cursor down.
13913	move cursor left
13914	Move cursor right
13915	Updates the list of completions, and highlights the currently selected item.
13916	Return a dictionary of words and their frequencies in a given text or filename.
13917	Print the n most common words and counts from a frequency dictionary.
13918	Return the string representation of the job description XML.
13919	Write the XML job description to a file.
13920	Validates a pin dictionary against a predefined schema. Raises a `DocumentError` if the pin does not meet the schema requirements.
13921	Sends a shared pin for the given topics, validating the pin if required.
13922	Deletes a shared pin using its ID. Raises an exception if an HTTP error occurs.
13923	Sends a user pin with validation.
13924	Deletes a user pin using the provided user token and pin ID, and raises an HTTPError if an error occurs.
13925	Subscribes a user to a given topic. Raises an HTTPError if an HTTP error occurs.
13926	Get the list of topics for which a user is subscribed.
13927	Decorate a function to automatically start and end a task on a progress monitor. The function must include a parameter named 'monitor'.
13928	Call before starting work on a monitor, specifying name and amount of work
13929	Wrap code into a begin and end call on this monitor
13930	Create a submonitor with the given units and update it accordingly.
13931	```text
Increments the monitor's progress by a specified number of units and updates an optional message. Notifies listeners of the progress update.
```
13932	Creates a sub-monitor that represents N units of work in this monitor. The sub-task should call .begin (or use @monitored / with .task) before calling updates.
13933	Signal that this task is done. This is optional and will call .update with the remaining work.
13934	Print a string, piping through a pager, using IPython's payload system instead of the screen_lines and pager_cmd arguments.
13935	If the build location was a temporary directory, this will move it to a new more permanent location.
13936	Load multiple Python config files, merging each into the config.
13937	Load the configuration from a file and convert it to a Struct.
13938	Load the config file into self.config, with recursive loading.
13939	Method for updating the configuration from a flag, which can be a dictionary or a Config object
13940	Given a list of arguments, either decode each one if it is bytes using a specified encoding, falling back to a default encoding, or return it as is if it is already decoded.
13941	Parse the configuration and generate the Config object.
13942	Parses command line arguments and returns as a Config object.
13943	Decode command-line arguments and parse them using the parser.
13944	```plaintext
Convert `self.parsed_data` to `self.config`, handling unrecognized extra args via KVLoader.
```
13945	Find and return the absolute path of a Python module. If the module does not exist or does not have a `.py` or `.pyw` extension, return `None`.
13946	Registers a callback to be called with this Launcher's stop_data when the process actually finishes.
13947	Trigger startup actions by logging the process startup and setting the state to 'running'.
13948	Trigger process stop actions by logging the stop, setting the state, and invoking registered callbacks.
13949	Send INT, wait a delay, and then send KILL.
13950	Builds `self.args` using all the fields.
13951	Start n instances of the program using mpiexec
13952	send a single file
13953	fetch a single file from a remote location using SSH and SCP. It waits up to 10 seconds for the remote file to exist before copying it to the local location.
13954	Determines the total engine count from the `engines` dictionary, considering both single and multiple engine entries.
13955	Start engines by profile or profile_dir. `n` is ignored, and the `engines` config property is used instead.
13956	Start n copies of the process using the Win HPC job scheduler.
13957	Returns default context with default values for basic keys
13958	Take the output of the submit command and return the job id.
13959	Instantiate and write the batch script to the work_dir.
13960	Start n copies of the process using a batch system.
13961	Reimplemented to return a custom context menu for images that includes actions to copy and save the image, as well as an option to copy and save the image if it is in SVG format.
13962	Append raw JPG data to the widget.
13963	Append raw PNG data to the widget, either before or after the prompt.
13964	Appends raw SVG data to the widget.
13965	Adds a QImage to the document and returns a QTextImageFormat referencing it.
13966	Copy the image resource with 'name' to the clipboard
13967	Returns the QImage stored as the ImageResource with the specified 'name'.
13968	Inserts a raw image, either JPG or PNG, into a cursor.
13969	Inserts raw SVG data into the widget by converting it to an image and handling any invalid data gracefully.
13970	Shows a save dialog for the ImageResource with 'name'.
13971	When `exit_now` is set, this method stops the event loop after a short delay.
13972	Configure the user's environment to enhance 'ls' coloring and disable pagination in subprocesses.
13973	Called to show the auto-rewritten input for autocall and friends.
FIXME: this payload is currently not correctly processed by the frontend.
Creates a new string by appending the command to the rewritten prompt rendered by the prompt manager, then writes a payload with the source, transformed input, and other details to the payload manager.
13974	Engage the exit actions by setting `exit_now` to True and sending a payload with the source, exit status, and keepkernel flag.
13975	Send specified text to frontend for next input cell
13976	Read a filename as UTF-8 configuration data.
13977	Read a comma- and newline-separated list of strings from a given section and option, strip whitespace from each value, and return the list of strings.
13978	Read a list of full-line strings. Returns the list of strings after stripping whitespace from each value.
13979	Read configuration from the `env_var` environment variable.
13980	Read config values from `kwargs` and set corresponding attributes.
13981	Read configuration from a .rc file.
13982	Sets an attribute on self if it exists in the ConfigParser.
13983	Return a string with expanded '~' style usernames along with extra information about the expansion.
13984	Set the delimiters for line splitting and compile a regular expression to use for splitting.
13985	Split a line of text with a cursor at the given position.
13986	unicode uCompute matches when text is a simple name.
13987	Computes matches when text contains a dot by evaluating the expression before the dot and using its attributes or class members as possible completions. Handles both `.namespace` and `.global_namespace` and applies attribute filters if specific conditions are met.
13988	Update the splitter and readline delimiters when the greedy mode is changed.
13989	Returns a list of matching filenames based on the input text, expanding tilde (`~`) user strings and handling filenames with spaces.
13990	Match internal system aliases
13991	Returns a list of matches for Python attributes or global names based on the input text.
13992	Return the list of default arguments of obj if it is callable, or empty list otherwise.
13993	Find completions for the given text and line context.
13994	Return the state-th possible completion for 'text'. This is called successively with state == 0, 1, 2, ... until it returns None. The completion should begin with 'text'.
13995	Check if a specific record matches all provided tests.
13996	Find all the matches for a check dictionary.
13997	extracts a sub-dictionary from the input record `rec` containing only the specified keys `keys`, along with the `msg_id`.
13998	Determines if the display hook should be silenced based on the input ending with a semicolon.
13999	Method for writing the output prompt to standard output using the default implementation.
14000	Write the format data dict to the frontend.
14001	```python
Log the output.
```
14002	Raises an exception if the object is freezed.
14003	Convert a MySQL TIMESTAMP to a Timestamp object.
14004	Schedule call to eventloop from IOLoop
14005	Dispatch control requests.
14006	Dispatch shell requests and handle them accordingly, including flushing control requests, processing identities, unserializing messages, and handling different message types with appropriate actions.
14007	Registers dispatchers for streams.
14008	step eventloop just once
14009	Publish the code request with the given code and execution count on the pyin stream.
14010	Aborts a specific message by ID and sends a reply message.
14011	Clear our namespace and send a 'clear_reply' message.
14012	Returns a prefixed topic for IOPub messages. If an integer ID is available, it uses "engine.%i" as the base; otherwise, it uses "kernel.%s". The returned topic is in bytes format.
14013	Actions taken at shutdown by the kernel, called by python's atexit.
14014	Copy sys.modules onto my mod stack
14015	Restore sys.modules to the state it was in when mod stack was pushed by popping the mod stack and deleting modules that were not in the previous state.
14016	Return the absolute, normalized path to a directory if it exists, otherwise return None.
14017	A function to determine if a name is file-like, considering its existence, directory part, .py extension, or illegal Python identifier.
14018	Check if an object is a class.
14019	Checks whether a path is a package directory.
14020	Get the full dotted package name for a given python source file name. Returns None if the file is not a python source file.
14021	Draw a 70-char-wide line with the label centered
14022	Sort key function factory that puts items that match a regular expression last.
14023	Make a function appear as if it is located in a different module without modifying the original function.
14024	Reassigns the module attribute of a class to make it appear as if it resides in a different module.
14025	Return system CPU times as a namedtuple.
14026	Return the command line arguments of a process as a list. If the process does not exist, raises a `NoSuchProcess` exception.
14027	Return a list of files opened by a process with a given process ID (PID). If the PID is 0, it returns an empty list. The function retrieves the raw list of open files using a platform-specific method, filters out non-file entries, and constructs a list of named tuples containing the file path and file descriptor for each open file.
14028	Return network connections opened by a process as a list of namedtuples.
14029	Check if a user is in a certain group, skipping the check for superusers by default.
14030	Loads a class by its fully qualified class path, e.g., myapp.models.ModelName.
14031	Calculate percentage usage of 'used' against 'total'
14032	Decorator that caches the results of a function to improve performance by avoiding repeated calculations for the same inputs.
14033	Decorator that can be used to mark functions as deprecated.
14034	Login into Google Docs with user authentication info.
14035	Parse GDocs key from Spreadsheet URL
14036	Ensure the temporary directory exists and create it if it doesn't.
14037	Clears temporary CSV and ODS files created during communicator operations from the specified temporary directory.
14038	Uploads file to GDocs spreadsheet with optional content type, defaulting to ods.
14039	Synchronizes local po files with translations on GDocs Spreadsheet, downloads CSV files, merges them, creates new ods if new msgids appear, and sends it to GDocs.
14040	Downloads CSV files from GDocs, converts them to PO files, and handles any IOError exceptions.
14041	Uploads all po files to GDocs while ignoring conflicts. Converts all msgids in the po files to ods format and then uploads the file to GDocs Spreadsheet.
14042	Clears a GDoc spreadsheet by uploading an empty CSV file and then removing it.
14043	Start a new qtconsole connected to the kernel.
14044	Check whether a URL is accessible and returns True if accessible, otherwise raises an error.
14045	Check whether the HTML page contains the specified content.
14046	Visit the URL and return the HTTP response code in 'int'
14047	Helper function that compares the content type header of a URL with a given content type and returns a boolean value.
14048	Compare the response code of the given URL with the expected code and return a boolean result.
14049	Validate the display data.
14050	Clear the output of the cell receiving output.
14051	Find absolute path to executable cmd in a cross platform manner. Uses `which` on Unix/Linux/OS X and `win32api` on Windows. Returns the absolute path of the command if found, otherwise raises a `FindCmdError`. If cmd is `python`, returns the absolute path of the current Python executable.
14052	Construct a list of CodeUnits from various types of inputs, including modules and filenames, using a provided FileLocator for resolution.
14053	A base for a flat filename to correspond to this code unit. Useful for writing files about the code where all files are in the same directory and differentiate same-named files from different directories. For example, the file a/b/c.py might return 'a_b_c'.
14054	Return an open file for reading the source of the code unit.
14055	Return whether a file should contain Python based on its extension.
14056	Return total seconds in a timedelta object, handling compatibility for Python 2.6 and above
14057	Return the result when it arrives, with optional timeout handling and exception reraising.
14058	Wait until the result is available or until `timeout` seconds pass. This method always returns None.
14059	Get the results as a dictionary, keyed by engine_id. Raises a ValueError if multiple jobs ran on the same engine.
14060	Abort my tasks.
14061	Elapsed time since initial submission
14062	```wait_interactive(self, interval=1., timeout=None):  
    """waits for interactive processing, printing progress at regular intervals until all tasks are completed or a timeout occurs"""  
    ```
14063	Republish individual displaypub content dicts.
14064	Wait for the 'status=idle' message to indicate all outputs are ready.
14065	waits for a result to complete with an optional timeout. It handles local and remote result statuses, and reconstructs the final result while managing exceptions.
14066	Return the absolute normalized form of `filename`.
14067	Prepare file patterns for use in a `FnmatchMatcher`. Convert patterns starting with a wildcard to absolute paths with the current directory. Return an empty list if `patterns` is None.
14068	Find the path separator used in the given string, or use os.sep if no separator is found.
14069	Recursively yields paths of importable Python files in `dirname`, considering directories without `__init__.py` and filtering files based on naming conventions.
14070	Convert a filename to its relative form based on the current directory.
14071	Return a canonical filename for `filename`
14072	Try to retrieve data from a zip file if the given filename is a zip file path. Returns the string data read from the zip file or None if no zip file could be found or `filename` isn't in it.
14073	Function to check if a file path indicates a file in one of the directories managed by `self`.
14074	Checks if a file path matches any of the specified filename patterns.
14075	Map `path` through the aliases by replacing the root of the path with the result root based on the first matching regex pattern. Adjust the separator style to match the result and apply canonical filename resolution if a locator is used. If no patterns match, return the original path unchanged.
14076	Start a kernel with PyQt4 event loop integration.
14077	Start a kernel with wx event loop support.
14078	Starts a kernel with the Tk event loop.
14079	GTK event loop for kernel coordination
14080	Start a kernel and coordinate with the Cocoa CFRunLoop event loop using the matplotlib MacOSX backend.
14081	Enable integration with a given GUI
14082	Creates an NxN covariance matrix of the Gaussian Orthogonal Ensemble.
14083	Compute the center eigenvalue difference of a matrix.
14084	Returns the first num eigenvalue differences for a matrix chosen from the ensemble of NxN Gaussian Orthogonal Ensemble (GOE).
14085	Initialize the item by calling the class constructor with the appropriate arguments and returning the initialized object.
14086	Parse a YAML file containing test steps, handling optional keys and validating the structure as a sequence. Return a list of `Step` objects.
14087	Parses a step dictionary to create a step object with action and modifier configurations.
14088	Create and register a crash handler to capture exceptions and restore the original handler on exit.
14089	Load the config file, handling errors based on the suppress_errors parameter.
14090	Initializes the profile directory, either by using a specified location or finding one by name. If the profile is not found, it attempts to create it, logging appropriate messages based on the outcome.
14091	Auto-generates and stages a default configuration file into the profile, overwriting it if specified.
14092	Write the collected coverage data to a file. Append a suffix to the base file name if provided.
14093	Erase the data, both in this object, and from its file storage if applicable.
14094	Return the map from filenames to lists of line numbers executed.
14095	Return a dictionary mapping filenames to sorted lists of line number pairs.
14096	Writes the coverage data to the specified file in pickle format.
14097	Read the coverage data from `filename`.
14098	Return the raw pickled data from `filename`.
14099	Return the stored coverage data from the given file.
14100	Combines multiple data files into a single dataset, using a specified filename prefix. It reads data from files that match the prefix and optional aliases to re-map paths. The function updates internal data structures (`lines` and `arcs`) with the combined data, and removes processed files except the original one.
14101	Add executed line data to the object's records. The input `line_data` should be a dictionary where keys are filenames and values are dictionaries of line numbers with `None` as the value.
14102	Adds measured arc data to the instance.
14103	Contribute a file's data to a Md5Hash object.
14104	Return a dictionary summarizing the coverage data, with keys based on filenames and values as the number of executed lines. Fullpath can be specified to include or exclude the full path of the files.
14105	Yield pasted lines until the user enters the given sentinel value.
14106	Start the mainloop, allowing interactive interaction. If an optional banner argument is provided, it overrides the internally created default banner. Handles KeyboardInterrupt gracefully.
14107	Stores multiple lines as a single entry in history
14108	Write a prompt and read a line. The returned line does not include the trailing newline. When the user enters the EOF key sequence, EOFError is raised.
14109	The bottom half of the syntax error handler called in the main loop. Loop until syntax error is fixed or user cancels.
14110	Checks if the given error should trigger recompilation based on file type and user input, and if so, passes the error details to an editor hook.
14111	Handle interactive exit. This method calls the ask_exit callback after confirming with the user if confirmation is required.
14112	Parse the repository URL and extract the correct repository URL and revision.
14113	Create a new frontend attached to a new kernel, launched on localhost.
14114	Configures the coloring and style of a widget based on user preferences and default settings.
14115	Return connection info for the object's sockets.
14116	Convert an R object to a suitable format for use in Python's namespace. If the object is a data frame, it tries to return a structured array with field names. It first checks for column names, then generic names. If both are NULL, it returns the object as a numpy array; otherwise, it tried to construct a record array.
14117	```diff
- This method ...
+ Returns the entire source file and starting line number for an object.
```
14118	Set active color scheme and update Colors attribute for convenience. Also update debugger colors if available.
14119	Toggle between the currently active color scheme and NoColor.
14120	Return formatted traceback.
14121	Returns a color formatted string with the traceback info.
14122	Format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing. Given a list of tuples as returned by `extract_tb()` or `extract_stack()`, return a list of strings ready for printing. Each string corresponds to the item with the same index in the argument list, ending in a newline with internal newlines for non-None source text lines. Lifted from `traceback.py`. Highlights the last entry with emphasized colors.
14123	Formats the exception part of a traceback, handling specific cases like SyntaxError.
14124	Only print the exception type and message, without a traceback.
14125	Invoke the pdb debugger if the `call_pdb` flag or `force` parameter is set, ensuring the traceback reference is cleaned up.
14126	Switches the current mode to the specified mode or cycles through available modes if none is specified. Adjusts the inclusion of variable details and the join character for traceback generation based on the current mode.
14127	Decorator for views that checks if a user belongs to a particular group, redirecting to the login page if necessary.
14128	Handle 'from module import a, b, c' imports.
14129	Add a line of source to the code.
14130	Add a section, a sub-CodeBuilder, to this class and returns it.
14131	Compile the code, and return the function `fn_name`.
14132	Generates a Python expression for `expr` by recursively processing the expression based on whether it contains "|" or ".", and handles each case by adding variables to `all_vars` and constructing the corresponding code string.
14133	Renders the template by applying it to the given context, which is a dictionary of values. If additional context is provided, it updates the template's context accordingly.
14134	Evaluate dotted expressions at runtime.
14135	Shortcut function to render a partial template with context and return the output.
14136	Return a dictionary mapping format types to formatter objects for default formatting.
14137	Utility method to add a formatting function for a given type, optionally replacing an existing one and returning the old function.
14138	Utility method to add a format function for a specified type by module and name, or retrieve the previous function
14139	Set the float format based on the new value of float_precision. If the new value is a format string, use it directly. If it is an integer, use the format string '%%.%if' where %d is the integer. If the new value is an empty string, set the format to '%r' and set numpy precision to 8 if it has been imported.
14140	Return a list of paths to existing user configuration files.
14141	configure the nose running environment, handle command line options, and initialize various configurations
14142	Configure logging for nose or other packages. Sets up formatting and handlers based on options. Adjusts logger levels and adds handlers to ensure consistent logging output.
14143	Configure the working directory or directories for the test run.
14144	A simple paginated text display function that handles string input and prints it in a paged manner to the standard output. It supports pagination when the content exceeds the specified number of lines per screen and allows the user to navigate through the pages using a 'more' style interface.
14145	Print a string and paginate it if it exceeds a specified number of lines. The function uses a pager to display the string, either automatically detecting the screen size or using a specified one. If the system pager fails, it falls back to a simple text-based pager.
14146	Open a file and output it using an optional pager command starting at a given line. If the TERM environment variable is 'emacs' or 'dumb' then raise an exception otherwise use an external pager command. If the pager command fails then output the file using the 'page' function. If the 'page' function also fails then print an error message.
14147	Return a pager command, defaulting to 'less -r' on POSIX systems and 'type' on Windows systems, and allowing the environment variable PAGER to override the default.
14148	paging - return start string for file pagination under Unix
14149	Prints a string, snipping the middle section to fit within a specified width, and optionally showing the full length using `page()`. Returns 1 if snipping was necessary, 0 otherwise.
14150	A function to pretty print sympy Basic objects, using Unicode characters and handling line breaks when necessary.
14151	Output: Display a sympy expression as an inline-style LaTeX PNG image.
14152	A function to convert a Sympy expression to a PNG image using display style LaTeX.
14153	Returns True if the input object o can be printed with LaTeX. For container types, it checks if every element can be printed with LaTeX.
14154	Generates the LaTeX representation of sympy expressions by replacing '\\dag' with '\\dagger' and removing '$' symbols, using a fallback to the string printer if necessary.
14155	Add options to a parser for backwards compatibility. This method has been deprecated and may raise a deprecation warning if not called by a wrapper.
14156	Validates that the input is a list of strings and raises a `ValueError` if not.
14157	Checks if the input dictionary has string keys and values. Raises ValueError if not.
14158	Runs a loop, handling EINTR events in the poller and exiting gracefully on specific exceptions.
14159	unpacks message and calls handlers with it.
14160	This interface is used to execute code in the kernel and return the message ID of the sent message.
14161	This interface is used to perform tab completion for text within the kernel's namespace. It takes the text to complete, the full line of context, the cursor position, and optionally the full block of code. It returns the message ID of the sent completion request.
14162	This interface is used to get metadata information about an object.
14163	This function `history` retrieves entries from a history list with options to return raw input, output, and access type such as range, tail, or search. It accepts session, start, stop, n, or pattern parameters based on the access type. The function returns the `msg_id` of the message sent.
14164	This method sends a shutdown request to the kernel and returns the message ID of the sent request.
14165	Flushes pending messages on the SUB channel immediately.
14166	Send a string of raw input to the kernel.
14167	Starts the channels for this kernel, creating them if they do not exist and starting them. Adjusts settings based on provided parameters.
14168	Stops all the running channels for this kernel.
14169	Check if any of the channels are created and running.
14170	This function loads connection information from a JSON file specified by `self.connection_file` and assigns the values to respective attributes of the object. It reads the JSON file, parses the configuration, and extracts the necessary ports and a key, converting the key to bytes for further use.
14171	Write connection information to a JSON dictionary in `self.connection_file`. Also sets default ports if they are not already defined.
14172	Starts a kernel process and configures the manager to use it, with optional custom launch functionality and port configuration.
14173	Attempts to stop the kernel process cleanly by sending a shutdown message and waiting for it to respond. If the kernel does not respond within a timeout, it is forcefully killed. Connection files are cleaned up if this is a full shutdown of a kernel started by this instance. Note that this method does not work on Windows due to ZMQ errors.
14174	Restart a kernel with the arguments used to launch it, optionally killing it immediately.
14175	Kills the running kernel if it exists, pausing the heartbeat channel if it is active. It attempts to kill the kernel and handles exceptions related to process termination across different operating systems. If no kernel is running, it raises a RuntimeError.
14176	Interrupts the kernel on both Windows and non-Windows platforms.
14177	Sends a signal to the kernel. Raises an error if no kernel is running.
14178	Check if the kernel process is still running.
14179	Provides access to the REQ socket channel object for making requests to the kernel
14180	Get the SUB socket channel object.
14181	Get the heartbeat socket channel object to check that the kernel is alive.
14182	Maps Engine to an IPython Kernel
14183	Emit a debugging message depending on the debugging level.
14184	Retrieves and returns the extension classes in priority order.
14185	Returns whether any of the extensions skips the step based on the provided context, step, and index.
14186	Called after executing a step.
14187	Called at the end of processing to allow extensions to emit additional data or alter the return value.
14188	Walk an unpacked egg's contents, skipping the metadata directory
14189	Check whether the module possibly uses unsafe-for-zipfile stuff.
14190	Create and run the IPython controller, ensuring it doesn't start multiple instances on Windows systems where multiprocessing might behave unexpectedly.
14191	Save a connection dictionary to a JSON file with proper location handling and permissions.
14192	load config from existing json connector files
14193	Load secondary configuration from a JSON file while setting defaults and handling exceptions. If successful, update the configuration and suppress writing the same file. Ensure the key default is set to secure.
14194	Execute a cell in parallel on multiple engines and return the results.
14195	Enable %autopx mode by saving and overriding the original run_cell method.
14196	Disable %autopx by restoring the original InteractiveShell.run_cell.
14197	drop-in replacement for InteractiveShell.run_cell

        This executes code remotely, instead of in the local namespace.

        See InteractiveShell.run_cell for details.
14198	Internal ``CLOCK_CHANNEL`` consumer to process task runs.
14199	Internal ```RUN_TASK``` consumer to run the task's callable
14200	Remove a task from the database using its ID defined in a message.
14201	Patches the protocol's makeConnection and connectionLost methods to make the protocol and its transport behave more like what `Agent` expects. While `Agent` is the driving force behind this, other clients and servers will no doubt have similar requirements.
14202	Patch a method onto an object if it isn't already there.
14203	Accept a pending server connection.
14204	Reject a pending connection with an optional reason. If no reason is provided, it defaults to `ConnectionRefusedError()`. The function asserts that the connection is pending before rejecting it.
14205	Returns an IAgent that makes requests to this fake server.
14206	Calls pre and post save hooks.
14207	Calls pre and post delete hooks for DelteViews.
14208	Use SaveHookMixin pre_save to set the user.
14209	Writes a report summarizing coverage statistics per module to a specified output file.
14210	Check whether some modules need to be reloaded based on their modification times.
14211	Open the default editor at the given filename and linenumber.
14212	Open the editor at the given filename, linenumber, column, and show an error message, specifically for correcting syntax errors. The current implementation has support for the VIM editor, and falls back on a generic editor hook if VIM is not used.
14213	Get text from the clipboard.
14214	Add a function to the command chain with a specified priority, and then sort the chain based on the priority.
14215	Try to create a Distribution from 'path_or_module'.

o 'path_or_module' may be a module object, a file path to an sdist/bdist file, an installed package, or a working checkout.

o Return None if 'path_or_module' can't be parsed.
14216	Configure which kinds of exceptions trigger plugin.
14217	Import and return an object given a string in the format "package.object".
14218	Attempt to make an ssh connection without a password using Paramiko or OpenSSH. If Paramiko is not available, it will fall back to using OpenSSH. The connection will only require password input once, even if multiple tunnels are connected to the same server.
14219	Try passwordless login with shell ssh command.
14220	Try passwordless login with paramiko.
14221	Connect a socket to an address via an ssh tunnel.
14222	Factory that creates _Target objects from URLs.
14223	Stop scheduling tasks when an engine is unregistered from a pure ZMQ scheduler. Closes the task socket and raises a RuntimeWarning with a message about potential unresolvable msg_ids.
14224	Unwrap exception and remap engine_id to int.
14225	Register a new engine, and update our connection info.
14226	Unregisters an engine that has died.
14227	Called when an execute reply message is received.
14228	Flush notifications from awaiting ZMQ queue.
14229	Flush task or queue results waiting in ZMQ queue
14230	Flushes replies from the control channel waiting in the ZMQ queue and ignores them.
14231	flush ignored control replies
14232	Flushes replies from the iopub channel waiting in the ZMQ queue.
14233	Spin thread repeatedly at a specified interval. Stop spinning when `_stop_spinning` is set.
14234	stop the background spin_thread if it is running
14235	Flush any registration notifications and execution results waiting in the ZMQ queue.
14236	Waits on one or more `jobs`, for up to `timeout` seconds, and returns True when all msg_ids are done or False if the timeout is reached.
14237	Constructs and sends an apply message via a socket. This is the principal method with which all engine execution is performed by views.
14238	Will construct and send an "execute" request via the given socket. The function also includes checks for valid arguments and handles optional subheader and ident parameters. Once the request is sent, it adds the message ID to a tracking list and returns the message.
14239	Retrieve a result by msg_id or history index, wrapped in an AsyncResult object.
14240	Fetch the status of engine queues.
14241	Given a list of jobs and targets, instructs the Hub to forget the results.
14242	The method returns a list of message IDs that represent the history of tasks, ordered by when they were submitted.
14243	Query the Hub's TaskRecord database  
This will return a list of task record dicts that match `query`
14244	Return a set of opcodes by the names in `names`.
14245	Create a ByteParser on demand
14246	Find the lines matching one of a list of regexes.
14247	Parse the source to find interesting facts about its lines. Update member fields accordingly.
14248	Return the first line number of the statement including the given line.
14249	Find the first lines of given statements by skipping any line mentioned in the `ignores` sequences.
14250	Returns a set of executable line numbers and a set of excluded line numbers after parsing source text.
14251	Get sorted list of line number pairs representing arcs in the code, normalized to the first line of multiline statements.
14252	Get a mapping from line numbers to count of exits from that line, excluding certain lines.
14253	Generate a list of `ByteParser` objects for all code objects nested within the current object, including `self` as the first value.
14254	Return a generator that maps byte offsets to line numbers in `code` using the `co_lnotab` attribute. Only byte offsets corresponding to line numbers are included in the results.
14255	Find the line numbers that start statements in `self.code`. Recursively traverse all code objects reachable from `self.code`.
14256	Get a string version of `block_stack`, for debugging.
14257	Split the code object into a list of `Chunk` objects. Each chunk is only entered at its first instruction, though there can be many exits from a chunk. Returns a list of `Chunk` objects.
14258	Validate the rule that chunks have a single entrance.
14259	A function to find executable arcs in code, yielding pairs of integer line numbers representing entry and exit points. If the entry point is less than 0, it indicates an entrance into the code object. If the exit point is less than 0, it indicates an exit from the code object. The function iterates through chunks of code, considering each chunk's exits and determining if the trace function should be invoked based on conditions such as whether the transition is a backward jump or moving to a new line.
14260	Returns a list of `Chunk` objects for this code and its children.
14261	Get the set of all arcs in this code object and its children.
14262	Add options to command line for coverage settings.
14263	Begin recording coverage information and log debug messages.
14264	Generates and saves code coverage report based on specified modules and formats reports in HTML and XML if required.
14265	Returns True for all source files in wanted packages when inclusive coverage is enabled.
14266	Generate alternative interpretations of a source distro name by splitting the basename at hyphens and yielding different combinations of name and version parts.
14267	Open a urllib2 request, handling HTTP authentication and setting custom headers
14268	Obtain a distribution suitable for fulfilling a given requirement.
14269	get parent from obj
14270	Returns the root topic for the handler based on the engine's registration status.
14271	renders context aware template
14272	Configure plugin with options and configuration. Plugin is enabled by default unless options.capture is False.
14273	Add captured output to error report
14274	Turn a list to list of list
14275	Convert a notebook to v3 format
14276	Converts a hex color to an RGB integer tuple. If the input color starts with a '#', it removes it. If the color is in shorthand (3 characters), it expands it to the full form (6 characters). The function extracts the red, green, and blue components from the hex string, converting them to integers. If any conversion fails (e.g., due to invalid hex characters), the function returns `False`. Otherwise, it returns a tuple containing the RGB values.
14277	Construct a dictionary with background color, selection color, and foreground color based on the provided style name.
14278	This function returns a QFont object of the specified font family. If the requested family is not available and a fallback is provided, it uses the fallback font instead. If no fallback is given, the internal algorithms may choose a fallback font.
14279	Reimplemented to support prompt requests
14280	Implemented to handle history tail replies, which are only supported by the IPython kernel. Logs an error if the history request fails and retries the request if it was aborted by a different action. Receives history items, removes duplicates, and sets them.
14281	Handle IPython-style "display hook"
14282	Handles the `display_data` message by logging and processing the data based on its content type, appending HTML or plain text accordingly.
14283	Reimplemented to make a history request and load %guiref.
14284	Reimplemented to use the 'run' magic.
Handles platform-specific path normalization and quoting.
14285	Reimplements error handling for traceback formatting, switching between HTML and plain text based on a conditional check.
14286	Reimplemented to dispatch payloads to handler methods.
14287	Sets the widget style to the class defaults based on the specified color scheme.
14288	Opens a Python script for editing.
14289	Given a prompt number, returns an HTML In prompt.
14290	HTML - continuation prompt Generates an HTML continuation prompt from a plain text In prompt
14291	Set the style sheets of the underlying widgets.
14292	Set the style for the syntax highlighter.
14293	Method to handle the response from the CloudStack API, including handling asynchronous calls.
14294	The `_sign` method is designed to sign a dictionary of URL parameters for authentication purposes according to the CloudStack documentation. It removes any existing "signature" key, sorts the parameters alphabetically and transforms them to lowercase, then generates a SHA-1 hash of the resulting string using the API secret. The resulting hash is then base64 encoded and added as a new "signature" key in the original dictionary. The method returns the updated dictionary containing the signed URL parameters.
14295	Method to simplify a nested dictionary response by removing the top-level API key.
14296	Return system virtual memory information as a named tuple.
14297	Returns system per-CPU times as a named tuple.
14298	Return real, effective, and saved user IDs for the process.
14299	Return real, effective, and saved group ids for a process.
14300	Returns the number of threads belonging to the process.
14301	Return files opened by process as a list of namedtuples.
14302	Get short form of commit hash given directory `pkg_path`.
14303	Return a dictionary with details about the package context.
14304	Return useful information about IPython and the system as a string.
14305	Return the number of active CPUs on a Darwin system.
14306	Return the effective number of CPUs in the system as an integer.
14307	Advances to the next result set. Returns None if there are no more result sets.
14308	Fetches a single row from the cursor.
14309	Fetch up to size rows from the cursor. Result set may be smaller than size. If size is not defined, cursor.arraysize is used.
14310	Fetchs all available rows from the cursor.
14311	Make a connection to peers.
14312	Read a JSON notebook from a string and return the NotebookNode object.
14313	Reads a .py notebook from a string and returns the NotebookNode object.
14314	Method for reading notebooks from a string and returning the NotebookNode object in the current version's format.
14315	Write a notebook to a string in a given format in the current nbformat version. This function always writes the notebook in the current nbformat version. Parameters: nb : NotebookNode - The notebook to write. format : (u'json', u'ipynb', u'py') - The format to write the notebook in. Returns: s : unicode - The notebook string.
14316	Given a notebook, a file-like object, and a format, write the notebook to the file in the specified format and return the notebook string.
14317	Converts all IPython notebooks in the current directory to have notebook metadata.
14318	Load value from a dictionary using the provided key. If the key does not exist, mark the state as unset.
14319	Does the name match the specified requirements?
14320	Return True if the class is a wanted test class. A class must be a subclass of unittest.TestCase or match test name requirements. Classes that start with _ are always excluded.
14321	Is the directory a wanted test directory? All package directories match if they do not match exclude, and all other directories must match test requirements.
14322	Return True if the file is a wanted test file. The file must be a Python source file and match test match or include, and not match exclude. Files that match ignore are never wanted, regardless of plugin, test match, include or exclude settings.
14323	Is the function a test function?
14324	Determines if a method is a test method based on its name and plugin configurations.
14325	Is the specified module a test module?
14326	Returns the contents of a named file as a list of lines. If the file cannot be read, it returns an empty list.
14327	List command to use if we have a newer pydb installed.
14328	Print lines from a file with highlighting the current line.
14329	Debugger interface for magic_pdef
14330	Returns a multiplication factor used to convert between two specified currencies on a given date
14331	Converts an amount of money from one currency to another on a specified date
14332	Compute the return of the currency between two dates using the specified rate.
14333	Return the given stream's encoding or a default.
14334	Return IPython's guess for the default encoding for bytes as text.
14335	Write connection information to a JSON file.
14336	start the heart beating
14337	Display and log connection information, storing ports.
14338	Create a session object with secure default settings and a specified username.
14339	Redirect input streams and set a display hook.
14340	Create a Kernel object using the provided configuration and socket connections.
14341	Constructs connection functions with optional SSH tunneling.
14342	Sends a registration request to the controller.
14343	Converts HTML content to plain text
14344	Converts markdown content to text
14345	Returns a fully qualified domain name (FQDN) for a given domain, with an optional protocol.
14346	Define and extend command line options for a plugin,including directories and files to exclude from test discovery.
14347	Configure plugin based on command line options and set excluded directories.
14348	Checks if directory is eligible for test discovery
14349	Returns whether 'ext' links to a dynamic library in the same package.
14350	Calls each function in the provided list with the given arguments and returns the result of the last function. Returns None if the list is empty.
14351	Call each function from the reversed list and return the last function value or None if the function list is empty.
14352	Wrap and append a function with given arguments and keywords to the object.
14353	Insert a function with given arguments and keywords into the list at the specified index.
14354	Ensures there is only one newline between usage and the first heading if there is no description.
14355	Initialize the application with optional command-line arguments, set the working directory, and reinitialize logging.
14356	Create a .pid file in the pid_dir with the process ID (PID). This function checks if the pid file already exists; if it does and overwrite is not allowed, it raises a PIDFileError. Otherwise, it writes the current PID to the file.
14357	Remove the pid file.
14358	Start off with checking if a PID file exists. If it does, open the file and read its contents into a string. Strip any white space and attempt to convert the contents to an integer, storing it in the variable `pid`. If a :exc:`PIDFileError` is raised. If the pid file doesn't exist, raise a :exc:`PIDFileError`. Finally, return the value of `pid`.
14359	Construct an argument parser using the function decorations and modify the help text accordingly.
14360	Get the real name of a magic function by removing the 'magic_' prefix if present and using the 'argcmd_name' attribute if available. If not, the original name is returned.
14361	Highlight a block of text selectively.
14362	Reimplemented to temporarily enable highlighting if disabled.
14363	Reimplements `setFormat` to highlight selectively by applying changes relative to a current offset.
14364	Copy the currently selected text to the clipboard, removing any prompts.
14365	Execute 'source'. If 'hidden', do not show any output.
14366	Called immediately after a prompt is finished, i.e. when some input will be processed and a new prompt displayed. Flush all state from the input splitter so the next round of reading input starts with a clean buffer. If not reading, turn off highlighting.
14367	Called when the tab key is pressed. Returns whether to continue processing the event.
14368	Reimplement _context_menu_make to add raw copy action before paste action
14369	Reimplemented method for handling console keypress events in frontend widget, including execution interruption and smart backspace functionality.
14370	Reimplements _insert_continuation_prompt for auto-indentation by calling the superclass method and inserting a newline followed by a certain number of spaces.
14371	Handle replies for tab completion.
14372	Silently execute `expr` in the kernel and safely call `callback` with the result.
14373	Execute a callback function based on a message containing user expressions.
14374	Handles replies for code execution.
14375	Handle requests for raw input.
14376	Handles the kernel's death by asking if the user wants to restart, with an option to check the network connection first.
14377	Handle replies for call tips.
14378	Handle display hook output.
14379	Handle stdout, stderr, and stdin. Convert tabs to spaces for consistent text output and append it to the UI.
14380	Handle shutdown signal only if from other console
14381	Attempts to execute a file at the given path, optionally running it in hidden mode.
14382	Attempts to interrupt the running kernel, unsets _reading flag, and handles cases where the kernel is remote or unspecified.
14383	Resets the widget's state based on the `clear` parameter or the `clear_on_kernel_restart` configuration setting.
14384	Attempts to restart the running kernel and provides a user confirmation dialog if required.
14385	Shows a call tip, if appropriate, at the current cursor location.
14386	Perform completion at the current cursor location by sending a request to the kernel.
14387	Process execution error.Ward off SystemExit.Catch traceback if present.
14388	Process a successful execution request reply.
14389	Handle document content changes. Adjust cursor position. Display call tip if needed.
14390	Add a plugin to the list of plugins to call if it has the specified attribute and optionally modify the method to accept additional arguments.
14391	Calls plugins in a chain, processing the result of each call as input to the next, and returns the final output result.
14392	Call all plugins, yielding each item in each non-None result.
14393	Calls all plugins and returns the first non-None result.
14394	Configuring the set of plugins with the given options and config instance, then removing disabled plugins from the list and sorting them.
14395	Load plugins by iterating the `nose.plugins` entry point.
14396	Load plugins from nose.plugins.builtin and add them, then call superclass method
14397	Render a LaTeX string to PNG using either the 'mpl' or 'dvipng' backend, and optionally base64 encode the binary data for JSON compatibility. Returns the PNG data or None if the backend is not supported.
14398	A function to render LaTeX to HTML by converting the LaTeX input to a PNG image using data URIs and embedding it in the HTML.
14399	convert a math expression into an image file
14400	Determines if a distribution exists that satisfies or conflicts with the given requirement, updating the object accordingly.
14401	A generator function that yields a Process class instance for all running processes on the local machine. It caches the Process instances and updates the cache with the current running processes. The sorting order in which processes are yielded is based on their PIDs.
14402	Return a float representing the current system-wide CPU utilization as a percentage. When interval is > 0.0, compare system CPU times elapsed before and after the interval (blocking). When interval is 0.0 or None, compare system CPU times elapsed since last call or module import, returning immediately. When percpu is True, return a list of floats representing the utilization as a percentage for each CPU.
14403	Return process information as a hashable dictionary
14404	Return the process name, potentially truncated and replaced with a more descriptive version if available.
14405	Returns the process executable path, attempting to guess it if necessary.
14406	Returns a list of Process objects representing the children of the current process. If recursive is True, it returns all parent descendants as well.
14407	Return a float representing the current process CPU utilization as a percentage.
14408	Compare physical system memory to process resident memory and calculate process memory utilization as a percentage.
14409	Return process's mapped memory regions as a list of namedtuples, grouped by path if 'grouped' is True.
14410	Return whether this process is running.
14411	Suspends the process execution.
14412	Resume process execution. Safety measures ensure the process is running before resuming. Raises an error if the process does not exist. Uses platform-specific methods for resuming the process.
14413	Kill the current process if it is still running, raising an exception if it has been terminated/replaced.
14414	Waits for a process to terminate and, if it's a child process, returns its exit code; otherwise, returns None.
14415	Initializes the kernel inside GTK Only meant to run once at startup so it does its job and returns False to ensure it doesn't get run again by GTK
14416	Hijack gtk's main and main_quit with a dummy for IPython integration. Returns the original functions that have been hijacked.
14417	Check if an identifier is defined in any of the namespaces that shadow the alias and magic namespaces, considering that an identifier cannot contain a '.' character.
14418	Create and initialize default transformers.
14419	Register a transformer instance. If it's not already in the list, add it and sort the transformers.
14420	Unregister a transformer instance.
14421	**Summary:** Initializes default checkers by creating an empty list and iterating through a predefined list of default checkers, instantiating each one with specific parameters.
14422	Register a checker instance with the object and sort the checkers.
14423	Unregister a checker instance from the current object.
14424	Initialize default handlers with shell, prefilter manager, and config.
14425	Register handler instance by name with escape strings
14426	Unregister a handler instance by name with esc_strings.
14427	Prefilters a line that has been converted to a LineInfo object, implementing the checker/handler part of the prefilter pipe by finding the appropriate handler and using it to handle the line_info.
14428	Finds a handler for the given line_info by iterating through enabled checkers and returns the first matching handler; if no handler is found, returns the handler named 'normal'.
14429	Calls the enabled transformers in order of increasing priority.
14430	Prefilters a single input line as text by calling the transformers and then the checkers/handlers.
14431	Prefilters multiple input lines of text by calling self.prefilter_line for each line. Handles cases with multiple lines from multiline history entries by correctly identifying the first and continuation lines.
14432	Instances of IPyAutocall in user_ns get autocalled immediately
14433	Allow ! and !! in multi-line statements if multi_line_specials is on
14434	Check for escape character and return appropriate handler or None.
14435	Checks if the initial identifier on the line is an alias and returns the alias handler if it is.
14436	Handle normal input lines;use as template for handlers.
14437	handle - Expand aliases and transform input lines for shell execution
14438	Executes a line in a shell and handles it appropriately, either by calling a magic handler or generating a command to be executed.
14439	Execute magic functions.
14440	Handle lines which can be auto-executed, quoting if requested.
14441	Tries to provide help for an object based on the input line. If the line contains a `?` or `??` as the first or last character, it strips the character and uses the `pinfo` magic command to display more details about the object. If the line is a valid Python command, it raises a `SyntaxError` and passes the handle to the normal handler. If the line is empty, it shows usage instructions.
14442	Reimplemented to hide on certain key presses and on text edit focus changes.
14443	Reimplemented to cancel the hide timer
14444	Reimplemented to paint the background panel
14445	Attempts to display the specified call line and docstring at the current cursor location, with the docstring possibly truncated if it exceeds the specified maximum number of lines.
14446	Attempt to show the specified tip at the current cursor location. Returns True if successful
14447	Update tip based on user cursor movement.
14448	Create a property that proxies attribute ``proxied_attr`` through the local attribute ``local_attr``.
14449	Canonicalizes a path relative to a given working directory. That is, the path, if not absolute, is interpreted relative to the working directory, then converted to absolute form.
14450	For a given instance and schema, this method performs JSONSchema validation. If an error is encountered, it raises an exception of the specified class with a simplified error message, optionally including a path-prefix.
14451	Retrieve a read-only subordinate mapping with stringified and masked values, implementing the context manager protocol for convenience.
14452	Determine if the current Python environment is a virtual environment and does not include system site packages.
14453	Return a dictionary containing word frequencies from multiple files processed in parallel.
14454	Helper for converting a function-based decorator into a class-based decorator for use on class-based Views.
14455	Returns a list of shell aliases to auto-define.
14456	Defines an alias without raising an error if it already exists.
14457	Define a new alias after validating it. This will raise an `AliasError` if there are validation problems.
14458	Validate an alias and return the number of arguments it takes.
14459	Call an alias given its name and the rest of the line.
14460	Transform aliast to system command string
14461	Expand an alias in the command line, translating the first word (command) according to alias expansion rules.
14462	Transform Nose help output into ReStructuredText (RST).
14463	Resets graphics attributes to their default values.
14464	Yields substrings for which the same escape code applies
14465	This interface is used to get a QColor object from a color code and an intensity, or None if one cannot be constructed.
14466	Return a QTextCharFormat that encodes the current style attributes.
14467	Generate a one-time JWT with an expiration time and a random ID.
14468	For use as a decorator on methods, this code ensures that a thread lock is acquired before the method runs and released afterward, if a lock is defined.
14469	Remove expired JWT tokens from the cache.
14470	has this jwt been used?
14471	Method to validate a JWT token by checking its validity, expiration, and uniqueness.
14472	Ensures thread-safe access to a function using a semaphore with a specified count and option for bounded or unbounded behavior.
14473	Get common prefix for completions
14474	Reimplemented to ensure a console-like behavior in the underlying text widgets.
14475	Reimplemented according to the number of characters and lines.
14476	Check if text can be cut to the clipboard.
14477	Returns whether text can be pasted from the clipboard.
14478	Clears the console, optionally keeping the input buffer.
14479	Copy the currently selected text to the clipboard and delete it if it's inside the input buffer.
14480	Executes the source or input buffer, possibly prompting for more input.
14481	This method retrieves the current input buffer from the user, considering whether the console is currently executing or not. If executing, it returns the stored input buffer; otherwise, it fetches the input buffer from the current cursor position and removes any continuation prompts.
14482	Sets the text in the input buffer. If the console is currently executing, the change will be applied later when the execution is finished.
14483	Sets the base font for the ConsoleWidget and updates related components.
14484	Paste the contents of the clipboard into the input region, with an optional parameter to specify the clipboard mode.
14485	Print contents of the ConsoleWidget to specified QPrinter. Default printer dialog if not provided.
14486	Moves the prompt to the top of the viewport.
14487	Sets the to the fixed-width font for the current platform.
14488	Insert content into buffer at the end or before the prompt. Adjust cursor position accordingly.
14489	Appends HTML at the end of the console buffer
14490	Appends HTML and returns the plain text version of it.
14491	Appends plain text, processing ANSI codes if enabled.
14492	Clears the "temporary text" buffer, i.e. all the text following the prompt region.
14493	Performs completion with 'items' at the specified cursor location. If there is only one item, it sets the cursor position and inserts the text. If there are multiple items, it finds the common prefix, inserts it, and shows the items in the completion widget.
14494	fill the area below the active editing zone with text
14495	Given a KeyboardModifiers flags object, return whether the Control key is down, considering the Command key as a synonym on Mac OS if specified.
14496	Creates and connects the underlying text widget with event filters and signal connections.
14497	Creates and connects the underlying paging widget, handles different kinds of page controls, and sets various properties.
14498	Filter key events for the paging widget to create console-like interface.
14499	Given a QTextBlock, return its unformatted text.
14500	Return a cursor for the last character.
14501	Returns the column of the cursor in the input buffer, excluding the contribution by the prompt, or -1 if there is no such column.
14502	Returns the text of the line of the input buffer that contains the cursor, or None if there is no such line.
14503	Return a cursor for the prompt position.
14504	Return a cursor with text selected between the positions 'start' and 'end'.
14505	Inserts new continuation prompt using the specified cursor.
14506	Inserts HTML into the text document using the specified cursor while ensuring future formatting is unaffected.
14507	Inserts HTML into a specified cursor and returns its plain text version.
14508	Inserts plain text using the specified cursor, processing ANSI codes if enabled.
14509	Ensure the cursor is inside the editing region.Returns whether the cursor was moved.
14510	Cancels current editing task ala Ctrl-G in Emacs.
14511	Displays text using the pager if it exceeds the height of the viewport.
14512	Called immediately after a new prompt is displayed. Temporarily disables the maximum block count, enables undo/redo, re-enables the input method, and handles the input buffer if it has changed while executing.
14513	Reads one line of input from the user. If a callback is specified, it will be executed with the read line asynchronously. If no callback is specified, it will read input synchronously and return the stripped input string.
14514	Sets the continuation prompt for when more input is needed.
14515	Scrolls the viewport so that the specified cursor is at the top.
14516	Writes a new prompt at the end of the buffer.
14517	Expands the vertical scrollbar beyond the range set by Qt, adapting the adjustment based on whether the control is a QPlainTextEdit or QTextEdit.
14518	Entry point for the pkginfo tool, parses options and paths, iterates through paths to get metadata, modifies download URL if specified, formats metadata, and finalizes formatting.
14519	Copy a default config file into the active profile directory. If the file already exists and overwrite is False, returns False.
14520	Creates a profile directory with a given name and path, raising an error if the path does not exist.
14521	Method for finding an existing profile directory by name and returning its ProfileDir. It searches through a sequence of paths for the profile dir. If not found, raises a ProfileDirError exception. The search path includes the current working directory and the specified IPython directory.
14522	Converts a cmp= function into a key= function
14523	Read a file and return its content
14524	The function `raw_input_multi` takes multiple lines of input from the user, with prompts `==> ` and `..> `. It collects lines until a termination string (default is '.') is entered. If a line ends with a backslash, it is considered to be a continuation of the previous line, with a secondary prompt `..> ` used for input. The function returns a list of the input lines, excluding the termination command.
14525	Create a temporary Python file and return the filename and filehandle.
14526	Close the file and restore the channel.
14527	Writes data to both `file` and `ostream`, then flushes `ostream`.
14528	Adds a new handler for new hearts
14529	Add a new handler for heart failure
14530	Handles a pong message, updating the lifetime and last ping, and logging the heart's response time.
14531	Converts a list into a list of lists with equal batch_size.
14532	Splits a path string into its corresponding path and filename. If no filename is provided, the function sets the filename to an empty string. If no path is provided, the function sets the path to './'. If the filename does not contain a '.', the function assumes that the entire input string is a path and sets the filename to an empty string.
14533	Generator for walking a directory tree, returning files that match a specified pattern. Optionally recurses through sub-folders.
14534	Displays time and estimated end time if verbose is true and count is within the display amount.
14535	Calculates the unit of time (seconds, minutes, or hours) to display for elapsed time, average, and estimated end time based on given values.
14536	Extract configuration data from a bdist_wininst .exe. Returns a ConfigParser.RawConfigParser, or None.
14537	Ensure that the importer caches do not have stale information for `path` by uncaching it from both `_zip_directory_cache` and `sys.path_importer_cache`.
14538	Quote a command line argument according to Windows parsing rules
14539	Verifies the absence of conflicting "old-style" packages.
14540	Write fetch options to setup.cfg
14541	Create directories under the user's home directory if they don't already exist.
14542	Checks if the given file name has an archive file extension.
14543	Return a mutable proxy for the `obj`. All modifications on the proxy will not affect the original object.
14544	Returns a readonly proxy for an object, preventing modifications if `error_on_set` is `True`.
14545	Create a new section cell with a given integer level.
14546	```plaintext
Create a new metadata node with optional attributes including name, authors, license, created, modified, gistid.
```
14547	Factory that creates author objects.
14548	Check if the given path is a directory and writable by the user.
14549	Remove leading and trailing quotes from filenames on Windows.
14550	Return a valid Python filename in the current directory. If the given name is not a file, it adds '.py' and searches again. Raises IOError if the file isn't found.
14551	Function to find a file by checking a sequence of paths, returning the absolute path of the first occurrence. Raises IOError if the file does not exist in the search paths.
14552	Return the 'home' directory as a unicode string, considering frozen environments, writable requirements, and Windows registry fallback.
14553	Get the XDG_CONFIG_HOME directory if it is defined and exists, otherwise return None. This function is only for non-OS X posix systems.
14554	Get the IPython directory for this platform and user. This uses the logic in `get_home_dir` to find the home directory and then adds .ipython to the end of the path.
14555	Take the base directory where IPython itself is installed.
14556	Find the path to an IPython module in this version of IPython. This will always find the version of the module that is in this importable IPython package. This will always return the path to the .py version of the module.
14557	Determine whether a target is out of date. Returns 1 if the target doesn't exist or is older than any file in the list of dependencies, otherwise returns 0.
14558	Returns an MD5 hash of a file, ignoring line ending differences.
14559	Checks for old IPython configuration files and presents a warning if any exist. It removes old config files if they haven't been modified, otherwise, it warns about their presence. The warning includes a link to the documentation of the new config system and instructions on how to migrate to the new configuration. This is to mitigate confusion due to the transition to the new config system in version 0.11.
14560	Update the suggestions' dictionary for an object based on user interactions.
14561	Returns a list with a certain size of suggestions for an object based on the number of visits.
14562	Fetches a list of suggestions for an object based on visit frequency.
14563	Return this path as a relative path based from the current working directory.
14564	Return a list of path objects that match the pattern.
14565	Open this file, read all lines, and return them in a list. Optionally specify the encoding, error handling, and whether to retain newline characters.
14566	Calculates the md5 hash for the file by reading it in chunks.
14567	Create profile stats file and load profiler.
14568	Method summary:

Output profiler report using the specified stream. Handles compatibility for different Python versions.
14569	Clean up stats file if configured.
14570	Handle CLI command by sending heartbeat messages at regular intervals until keyboard interrupt is received.
14571	Enable event loop integration with wxPython.
14572	Called when raw data is received.
14573	**Summary:**  
Disables event loop integration with PyQt4 by setting `PyOS_InputHook` to `NULL`.
14574	Enable event loop integration with PyGTK.
14575	Enable event loop integration with Tk, optionally using an existing toplevel widget or creating a new one.
14576	Enable event loop integration with pyglet.
14577	save wave log
14578	Connect to the database and create necessary tables if they do not exist.
14579	Return a cursor for the given cursor_factory. Specify a name to use server-side cursors.
14580	Retrieve information about a session by its number. If the session number is negative, it counts back from the current session. Returns session details including session ID, start time, end time, number of commands, and remarks. If the session is still running or exited abnormally, end time and number of commands will be `None`.
14581	Get the last n lines from the history database.
14582	Get lines of history from a string of ranges, as used by magic commands %hist, %save, %macro, etc.
14583	Get default history file name based on the Shell's profile.
14584	Give the current session a name in the history database.
14585	Clears the session history and releases object references, optionally opening a new session.
14586	Return a generator for range session input and output history from the current session.
14587	If database output logging is enabled, this function saves the outputs from a specified line number to the database. It's called by `run_cell` after code execution.
14588	Write any entries in the cache to the database. Handle IntegrityError by creating a new session and retrying. Clear cache after writing.
14589	Stop the thread from the main thread safely. Note that it does not attempt to write out remaining history before exiting. That should be done by calling the HistoryManager's end_session method.
14590	Return the number of CPUs on the system.
14591	Return a list of namedtuple representing the CPU times for every CPU available on the system.
14592	Returns a list of mounted disk partitions as named tuples, filtering based on device type and filesystem type.
14593	Return a list of PIDs currently running on the system.
14594	Make a nice string representation of a pair of numbers. If the numbers are equal, return the number; otherwise, return the pair with a dash between them, indicating the range.
14595	Format a list of line numbers for printing by coalescing groups of lines as long as the lines represent consecutive statements. This will coalesce even if there are gaps between statements.
14596	Return a string summarizing the call stack.
14597	A decorator to cache the result of an expensive operation. Only applies to methods with no arguments.
14598	Combine a list of regexes into one that matches any of them.
14599	Remove a file, and don't get annoyed if it doesn't exist.
14600	Add `v` to the hash, recursively if needed.
14601	List all profiles in the ipython_dir and cwd, and add them to the profiles dictionary if they are not already present.
14602	Start a cluster for a given profile.
14603	Returns a Python dictionary with the status of a stopped cluster. profile The given profile.
14604	Find the full path to a `.bat` or `.exe` file using the `win32api` module.
14605	Reads and prints lines from the standard output and standard error of a process. Waits for the process to finish and returns the return code.
14606	Find code units to report on based on given modules or filenames, applying include and omit patterns.
14607	This function runs a reporting function on a number of morfs. It first finds the code units for the morfs using the `find_code_units` method. Then, it calls the reporting function for each code unit and its analysis, which is obtained using the `_analyze` method of the `coverage` object. The function also checks if the specified directory exists, and creates it if it doesn't. If there is no data to report, the function raises a `CoverageException`. If an error occurs during the analysis, the function raises a `NoSource` or `NotPython` exception, depending on whether the morf should be a Python file and whether errors should be ignored.
14608	Checks that a function raises one of the specified exceptions
14609	Set a breakpoint in the calling frame using pdb.set_trace, first restoring sys.stdout to the real output stream. Note that sys.stdout is not reset after pdb is done!
14610	Enforces a time limit for a function, raising an exception if the function takes longer than the specified time to execute.
14611	Load all IPython extensions in IPythonApp.extensions. This uses the ExtensionManager.load_extensions to load all the extensions listed in ``self.extensions``.
14612	Run the pre-flight code specified via exec_lines, execute startup files, run executable lines and files, run command line code and module, flush stdout and stderr, and hide variables defined here from %who etc.
14613	Run lines of code in IPythonApp.exec_lines in the user's namespace, handling errors and logging.
14614	Runs files from the profile startup directory.
14615	Run files from `IPythonApp.exec_files` and handle any errors gracefully.
14616	Run code or file specified at the command-line. If code is provided, it runs the code; if a file is provided, it executes the file. If there is an error during execution, it logs the error and shows the traceback.
14617	Run the module specified at the command-line by temporarily modifying `sys.argv` to mimic running it with `python -m`.
14618	Create a function `generic` that returns a dispatch function capable of handling calls based on the type or object of the first argument. The dispatch function can be configured with decorators `when_type` and `when_object` to define specific methods for certain types or objects.
14619	Return the path to a data file of ours. The file is searched for on `STATIC_PATH`, and the first place it's found, is returned. If `pkgdir` is provided, it's searched as a subdirectory within `STATIC_PATH`.
14620	Return the contents of a data file of ours.
14621	Escape HTML special characters in the text T. Convert runs of spaces.
14622	Generate an HTML report for a list of modules or filenames, ensuring consistency in settings and handling extra CSS.
14623	Make local instances of static files for HTML report.
14624	Write `html` to `fname`, properly encoded.
14625	Compute a hash based on file contents and coverage data
14626	```markdown
Generates the index.html file for the report by rendering a template with various data including arcs, CSS, files, and totals. It also ensures the HTML is encoded for Python 2 compatibility before writing it to the directory. Additionally, it updates the status with the current directory for future reference.
```
14627	Read the last status from a specified directory and update the object's files and settings if the status is usable. If the status is not usable, reset the object.
14628	Writes the current status to the provided directory in the specified format.
14629	Returns True if the two lists are the same after sorting.
14630	Return a slice of a sequence with variable step. Specify start, stop, and step.
14631	Chop a sequence into chunks of the given size.
14632	Read configuration from setup.cfg and modify global state based on configuration settings.
14633	Read existing configuration from `MANIFEST.in` to ignore files and extend the global `IGNORE` and `IGNORE_REGEXPS` lists accordingly.
14634	Compile a glob pattern into a regular expression to use in fnmatch, ensuring that the asterisk character (*) does not match the forward slash (/) as it does in fnmatch. This is necessary to prevent matching files in subdirectories that the original glob pattern intended to exclude.
14635	Check if the filename matches any of the provided patterns.
14636	List all files versioned by git in the current directory, considering the platform-specific encoding for Git output.
14637	Start a new kernel.
14638	Shuts down a kernel by its UUID, then removes it from the list of running kernels.
14639	Kills a kernel by its kernel UUID. Removes the kernel from the internal dictionary.
14640	Retrieves the KernelManager object for a kernel by its UUID.
14641	Output:
Return a dictionary of ports for a given kernel ID.
14642	Return the notebook_id for a kernel_id or None.
14643	Start a kernel for a notebook and return its kernel_id. If the notebook already has a kernel, use the existing one; otherwise, create a new kernel and associate it with the notebook.
14644	Shutdown a kernel and remove its notebook association.
14645	Interrupt a kernel and log the interruption.
14646	Restarts a kernel while keeping clients connected, with an alternative method provided for handling kernel restart in case the primary method fails.
14647	Create a new iopub stream.
14648	Create a new shell stream for a given kernel ID.
14649	Output:
Create a new hb stream after checking the kernel_id
14650	Reset all OneTimeProperty attributes that may have fired already.
14651	Export the contents of the ConsoleWidget as HTML.
14652	Exports the contents of the ConsoleWidget as XHTML with inline SVGs.
14653	Create a wrapper function to ensure `image_tag` returns a UTF-8 encoded string on Python 2
14654	Fixes a Qt-generated HTML string to be standards-compliant by adding a UTF-8 declaration and replacing empty paragraph tags with line breaks.
14655	Displays a dialog for exporting HTML generated by Qt's rich text system. Returns the name of the file that was saved, or None if no file was saved.
14656	Return a unique instance of `klass` or None
14657	Builds a query for included terms in a text search.
14658	Builds a query for both included & excluded terms in a text search.
14659	Query for objects where the specified date field is within a certain number of days in the past
14660	Query for if date_field is within number of "days" from now.
14661	Given a field, constructs a query to retrieve null or blank values in that field.
14662	Converts queries to case insensitive for special fields.
14663	Register command line options for filtering tests based on attributes.
14664	Verify whether a method has the required attributes. The method is considered a match if it matches all attributes for any attribute group.
14665	Accept the method if its attributes match
14666	Rotate the kill ring, then yank back the new top.
14667	Backport several patches from newer versions of pyzmq to ensure compatibility with older versions. patches include installing an ioloop, fixing missing DEALER/ROUTER aliases, and providing a fallback to the standard library json module if jsonlib is selected.
14668	Parse an XSD-schema-enabled lxml parser from a WSDL or XSD URL, handling versioning and XML schema validation.
14669	Convert the HTTP/HTTPS URL of the current request to a WebSocket URL
14670	Reserializes a reply message using JSON
14671	Inject the first message, which is the document cookie, for authentication.
14672	Start the heartbeating and call the callback if the kernel dies.
14673	Start the heartbeat loop only if the hb_stream is not closed and the hb is still beating.
14674	Stop heartbeating and cancel related callbacks.
14675	Load a file object.
14676	Get the current block index, validating and checking status. Returns None if the demo is finished.
14677	Move the current seek pointer to the given block. You can use negative indices to seek from the end, with identical semantics to those of Python lists.
14678	Edit a block by specifying an index. If no index is given, it uses the last block executed. This method edits the in-memory copy of the demo without modifying the original source file. The edited block is then displayed and updated in the demo.
14679	Display a single block on the screen
14680	Show entire demo on screen, block by block
14681	Process a collection in series.
14682	Process a collection in parallel batches, each batch processes in series on a single process.
14683	Performs parallel processing using a thread pool to execute a given function on a sequence, with options to specify the number of cores, run in series if thread execution fails, and suppress output messages.
14684	Process a collection in parallel using multiple processes.
14685	Wraps a function to execute within a specified context manager `obj`.
14686	Decorator to enter multiple context managers in sequence.
14687	Get source from a traceback object. Returns a list of lines of context from the source code and the index of the current line within that list.
14688	Find lines in home that are inspectable. Walk back from the err line up to 3 lines, but don't walk back over changes in indent level. Walk forward up to 3 lines, counting \ separated lines as 1. Don't walk over changes in indent level (unless part of an extended line).
14689	Create a countdown timer with the option to display a progress bar.
14690	This function performs a cleanup routine to shut down subprocesses, including engine and controller processes, by sending interruption signals and eventually killing the controller.
14691	Checks if the condition evaluates to ``True``. If not, returns a ``StepResult`` with state ``SKIPPED``. Otherwise, returns ``None``.
14692	Applies modifiers to the result of an action, allowing inspection and alteration of the result.
14693	Keeps track of message IDs and updates the client and outstanding attributes after a method call.
14694	Sync relevant results from self.client to our results attribute.
14695	Call the method and then spin
14696	Get all messages that are currently ready.
14697	Get a message if there is one that is ready.
14698	Decorator for creating properties with optional getters, setters, and deleters.
14699	Create a tuple of property objects that retrieve attributes from an instance, similar to using multiple `@property` decorators.
14700	Parse a database URL and extract configuration information.
14701	Return a list of module names available in the given folder.
14702	Returns a list of names of all modules available in the folders of the pythonpath.
14703	**Easy Command Completer Creation**

Takes command and completions, sets up an auto-completion hook for the command.
14704	Returns a list of completion possibilities for an import line based on the given line.
14705	Complete files that end in .py or .ipy for the %run command.
14706	Completer function for `cd`, which only returns directories.
14707	Escape an XML attribute. Value can be unicode.
14708	Configures the xunit plugin and initializes statistics and error reporting.
14709	Writes an Xunit-formatted XML file containing a report of test errors and failures.
14710	Add error output to Xunit report.
14711	Add a failure to the Xunit report.
14712	Add success output to Xunit report.
14713	randomly select two elements from the list and return the index of the least recently used (LRU) element
14714	Pick two items at random using their inverse loads as weights, and return the item with the lesser load.
14715	New engine with ident `uid` initialized and added to the target list. Graph updated to reflect the new engine.
14716	Unregister an engine with the specified UID.

- If this engine was the last one, take no action.
- Flush any remaining tasks.
- Remove the engine and its associated data from the targets and loads lists.
- Wait for up to 5 seconds before cleaning up any pending jobs if they still anticipate results; otherwise, immediately remove the engine from the completed and failed lists.
14717	Deal with jobs stuck in an engine that has died.
14718	Internal method to dispatch job submission to appropriate handlers.
14719	Audits all waiting tasks for expired timeouts.
14720	a task has become unreachable, send a reply with an ImpossibleDependency error and update the graph
14721	Checks if the given job can be run based on location dependencies and runs it if possible.
14722	Save a message for later submission when its dependencies are met.
14723	Submit a task to any of a subset of our targets.
14724	dispatch_result method processes result replies and updates job status accordingly, handling retries and sending updates to clients and Hub monitor.
14725	handle a real task result, either success or failure
14726	Handles an unmet dependency by updating the job's blacklist and potentially resubmitting it. If the job becomes unreachable due to all target engines being blacklisted, it is moved to the depending dictionary. If the job cannot be re-executed, it is saved back into the dependency tree. Additionally, it checks if a high water mark (HWM) is reached and updates the graph accordingly if true.
14727	Updates dependency graph when a task completes and submits any runnable jobs.
14728	Start a log-file with a default header. Raises RuntimeError if the log has already been started. The log mode can be append, backup, global, over, or rotate.
14729	Print a status message about the logger.
14730	Write the sources to a log. Depending on the log_raw_input flag, either the unmodified input line (line_ori) or the possibly modified input (line_mod) is written to the log.
14731	Write data to the log file if it is active.
14732	Fully stop logging and close log file. If logging hadn't been started, print message. Set log_active to False.
14733	Creates a worksheet by name with a list of cells.
14734	Adds a target string for dispatching with an optional priority.
14735	Adds a target regular expression for dispatching with a specified object and priority.
14736	Get a sequence of Commandchain objects that match the given key.
14737	Yield all 'value' targets, without priority.
14738	This method validates the new notebook directory. It checks if the new path exists and is not a directory, raising a `TraitError` if it is not. If the new path does not exist, it logs a message and attempts to create the directory using `os.mkdir`, raising a `TraitError` if the creation fails.
14739	Return a list of dicts representing notebooks in the notebook directory, sorted by name.
14740	Generates a new unique identifier (UUID) for a notebook and stores the mapping between the identifier and the notebook name.
14741	Delete a notebook's id mapping from the system.
14742	Check if a notebook with the given ID exists by verifying its existence in a mapping and confirming the file path is valid.
14743	Return the full path to a notebook specified by notebook_id KeyError will raise if notebook does not exist.
14744	Return a full path to a notebook given its name.
14745	Method to get the representation of a notebook in a specified format.
14746	Method for retrieving a NotebookNode representation of a notebook by its ID, handling file existence, parsing, and metadata updates.
14747	Save a new notebook and return its notebook_id. If a name is provided, it overrides the name in the notebook data.
14748	Saves an existing notebook by notebook_id, validating the format and JSON data, and updating the notebook name if provided.
14749	Saves an existing notebook object by notebook_id, updates the name if necessary, saves the notebook in JSON format and optionally as a Python script. Handles errors such as non-existent notebook or missing name, and ensures the old file is deleted if the name is changed.
14750	Deletes a notebook by its ID. Raises an error if the notebook does not exist.
14751	Creates a new notebook, assigns it a unique ID, sets its metadata, and saves it to a file before returning the notebook ID.
14752	Copy an existing notebook, rename it, and return the new notebook_id.
14753	Return all physical tokens, including those that continue on the next line. This function wraps around an existing tokenizer and injects backslash tokens where necessary to faithfully represent the original source code.
14754	For a given source string, generate a series of lines where each line is a list of pairs. Each pair represents a token with its class and text. Concatenating all token texts with newlines should yield the original source string, excluding trailing whitespace and distinguishing between lines with or without newlines at the end.
14755	Load the default configuration file from the specified or default ipython directory.
14756	Returns a list of default classes for the application, including ShellApp, TerminalInteractiveShell, PromptManager, and others, in the specified order.
14757	Override method to allow old '-pylab' flag with deprecation warning.
14758	Initialize the application after construction and before starting it.
14759	### It is your turn now! Summarizing the following code into summary. Please output the answer directly as shown in the example(s) if provided. ###

Input:
```python
def init_shell(self):
    """initialize the InteractiveShell instance"""
    # Create an InteractiveShell instance.
    # shell.display_banner should always be False for the terminal
    # based app, because we call shell.show_banner() by hand below
    # so the banner shows *before* all extension loading stuff.
    self.shell = TerminalInteractiveShell.instance(config=self.config,
                        display_banner=False, profile_dir=self.profile_dir,
                        ipython_dir=self.ipython_dir)
    self.shell.configurables.append(self)
```

Output:
Initialize the `InteractiveShell` instance and append it to `configurables`.
14760	Display the banner if `display_banner` is `True` and `interact` is `True`. Ensure there is a space below the banner if `log_level` is less than or equal to `INFO`.
14761	Return a string representation of a value and its type for readable error messages.
14762	Converts the input name to a list of names, handling strings, lists, tuples, and None.
14763	Set the default value on a per instance basis. This method is called by instance_init to create and validate the default value.
14764	Setup a handler to be called when a trait changes. This is used to setup dynamic notifications of trait changes.
14765	Get a list of all the traits of this class.
14766	Get metadata values for trait by key.
14767	Validates that the value is a valid object instance.
14768	Instantiates a default value instance when the containing HasTraits class's `__new__` method is called to ensure a unique instance for each HasTraits instance.
14769	Check if dependencies have been met based on completion and failure criteria.
14770	Return whether this dependency has become impossible given completed and failed sets.
14771	A method that converts the object into a dictionary, making it compatible with JSON, by including the dependencies, success status, and failure status.
14772	Return the depth of an element in the tree.
14773	Print a binary tree
14774	Accepts either an IP address or DNS name, converts it to an IP address if necessary, and then disambiguates the URL with the resolved IP address.
14775	Return the result of a parallel reduction followed by a broadcast.
14776	u Convert `targets` argument into a list of integer ids.
14777	Handle ME and Task queue messages, as well as IOPub traffic.
14778	Route registration requests and queries from clients. Handle bad query messages and log errors if necessary. Dispatch messages to appropriate handlers based on message type.
14779	Called when a new heart starts to beat. Triggers completion of registration.
14780	Handle a heart failure event by logging the alert, identifying the affected engine, and triggering its unregistration if it's still active.
14781	Save the submission of a task by serializing the message, initializing a record, and updating the database with the new or updated task information.
14782	### Summary:
Handles the saving of the result of a completed task, including deserializing the message, checking for parent headers, updating internal state, and recording the result in a database. It logs errors and warnings as needed.
14783	Save an iopub message into the database, handling different message types and updating the record accordingly.
14784	Reply with connection addresses for clients.
14785	Register a new engine and create the necessary socket(s).
14786	Unregisters an engine that explicitly requested to leave. It extracts the engine ID from the message, logs the unregistration, updates the engine status, and schedules a delayed callback to handle stranded messages. If a notifier is available, it sends an unregistration notification.
14787	Handle the second half of engine registration after receiving a heartbeat from the Engine's HeartMonitor.
14788	Este mtodo maneja solicitudes de finalizacin, enviando una respuesta de desactivacin y notificando a otros clientes, luego programando un cierre tras un retraso de un segundo.
14789	Purges results from memory. Handles purging all records, specific message IDs, and engine-specific records. Returns a status reply indicating success or failure.
14790	Decompose a TaskRecord dictionary into subsections for result extraction.
14791	Get the result of 1 or more messages.
14792	Get a list of all msg_ids in our DB records and send a response with the status and history.
14793	Perform a raw query on the task record database.
14794	Input:
```python
def cd(self, newdir):
    """
    Change the current working directory to `newdir`.
    """
    prevdir = os.getcwd()
    os.chdir(newdir)
    try:
        yield
    finally:
        os.chdir(prevdir)
```

Output:
Change the current working directory to `newdir`, yield control, and then revert to the previous directory.
14795	Parse and standardize the output of a command.
14796	Run a command under the R root directory.
14797	Execute R script
14798	Calls the frontend handler associated with the message type of the given message.
14799	Returns whether a reply from the kernel originated from a request from this frontend.
14800	Run the report with specified arguments.
14801	Annotate a single file by adding coverage information.
14802	Retrieves the installed version of a package using apt-cache policy. Returns the version if the package is installed and None otherwise.
14803	coerce unicode back to bytestrings
14804	Given a message or header, extract and return the header as a dictionary.
14805	check packers for binary data and datetime support.
14806	Return a nested message dictionary with the specified message type, content, parent, and subheader.
14807	This interface is used to sign a message with HMAC digest, returning an empty byte string if no authentication is provided. It processes a list of message parts by updating a hash object and then returns the hexadecimal digest as bytes.
14808	Returns a list of bytes objects for serialization, including identifiers, delimiter, and signed message components.
14809	Builds and sends a message via stream or socket. The message format used by this function internally includes various components such as identifiers, HMAC, parent, content, and buffers. The function handles serialization, optional tracking, and sending of the message through the provided stream.
14810	Sends a raw message via ident path
14811	Receive and unpack a message from a socket, handling multipart messages and potential errors.
14812	Returns a tuple containing two lists: `idents` and `msg_list`. `idents` is a list of bytes representing ZMQ identities, and `msg_list` is a list of bytes or `zmq.Messages` representing the remaining message parts.
14813	Unserialize a msg_list to a nested message dict.
14814	Prompts the user to save an SVG document to disk and returns the filename of the saved file or None if the save was canceled.
14815	Copy a SVG document to the clipboard.
14816	Converts a SVG document to a QImage.
14817	Return an object info dictionary with all fields present.
14818	Stable wrapper around inspect.getdoc. Attempts to call a getdoc() method on the given object to handle non-standard documentation mechanisms. Returns cleaned docstring or None if an error occurs.
14819	Get the source code of an object
14820	Return a tuple containing the names and default values of a function's arguments. If the input is a method or a callable object, it extracts the function object from it before proceeding. The tuple contains four elements: a list of argument names, names of the * and ** arguments, and an n-tuple of default values.
14821	Extracts call tip data from an oinfo dict, optionally formatting the call line as a string or returning a tuple of name and argspec dict. Returns the call information and the most relevant docstring for calling purposes.
14822	Find the absolute path to the file where an object was defined.
14823	Find the line number where a Python object was defined, wrapping around `inspect.getsourcelines`. Returns the line number or `None` if the file cannot be found.
14824	Return the definition header for any callable object. If any exception is generated, None is returned instead and the exception is suppressed.
14825	Return a header string with proper colors.
14826	Generic message when no information is found.
14827	Prints the definition header for any callable object. If the object is a class, prints the constructor information.
14828	Print the docstring for any object, optionally passing it through a formatter function.
14829	Print the source code for an object.
14830	Show the whole file where an object was defined.
14831	Formats a list of fields for display with a header and optional title padding.
14832	Show detailed information about an object. Optional arguments include oname, formatter, info, and detail_level.
14833	Search namespaces with wildcards for objects.
14834	Starts and manages the Twisted reactor in a separate thread, ensuring it runs without signal handlers and automatically shuts down when tests complete.
14835	Waits for a Twisted Deferred to be triggered, with optional timeout.
14836	Find the best matching substring of a corpus based on a query string, considering various parameters like step size, flexibility, and case sensitivity. Returns the best substring and its match ratio.
14837	Encodes the stored `data` to XML and returns a string. Setting `indent` to `False` will return a condensed value. Setting `declaration` to `False` will skip the XML declaration.
14838	Encodes the stored `data` to XML and returns an `lxml.etree` value.
14839	Return a list of all unique modules discovered by the function
14840	Takes a dictionary whose values are lists and returns a dict with the elements of each list as keys and the original keys as values, split if necessary.
14841	Merge two Structs with customizable conflict resolution.
14842	converts the given object to a primitive type that can be serialized, handling various types including dict, list, int, float, bool, str, and None
14843	```Parse and send the colored source. If out and scheme are not specified, the defaults (given to constructor) are used. out should be a file-type object. Optionally, out can be given as the string 'str' and the parser will automatically return the output in a string.
14844	Get a list of matplotlib figures by their numbers. Returns all figures if no arguments are given, and validates each provided figure number, printing a warning for any invalid figures.
14845	Convert a matplotlib figure to SVG or PNG format for inline display.
14846	Matplotlib-aware wrapper around safe_execfile.
14847	Select figure format for inline backend, either 'png' or 'svg'.
14848	Given a gui string, this function returns the corresponding gui and matplotlib backend. If no gui is provided or it is 'auto', it selects the backend based on the default matplotlib configuration, and determines the appropriate gui selection call accordingly.
14849	Activates the specified matplotlib backend and sets interactive mode to True.
14850	Configure an IPython shell object for matplotlib use.
14851	Load and initialize numpy, matplotlib, and other libraries for interactive use in the user's namespace.
14852	A trace function for tracing and recording execution events in a Python program. This function is designed to be used with the `sys.settrace` function to monitor the execution of a program. When called, it updates a data structure with the lines of code that are being executed, as well as information about function calls and returns. The function also handles exceptions by recording the line numbers at which they occur.
14853	Start the tracer and return a function for use with sys.settrace().
14854	Stop the tracer thread.
14855	Start a new Tracer object, configure its attributes, store it in self.tracers, and return the result of tracer.start().
14856	Sets up the real tracer for tracing threads.
14857	Start collecting trace information.
14858	Stops collecting trace information by pausing the collectors, clears the tracer list, and resumes the previous collector if it exists.
14859	Pause tracing, but be prepared to `resume`.
14860	Resume tracing after a `pause`.
14861	Method to return the line data collected. Data is formatted as { filename: { lineno: None, ...}, ...}. If measuring branches, the dictionary is re-built to show line data.
14862	Check a result dict/list for errors and raise CompositeError if any exist, passthrough otherwise.
14863	Render one or all of my tracebacks to a list of lines.
14864	Call this method at Python startup to perhaps measure coverage. If the environment variable COVERAGE_PROCESS_START is defined, coverage measurement is started. The value of the variable is the config file to use.
14865	Return the canonical directory of the module or file `morf`.
14866	Return the source file for `filename`.
14867	Decides whether to trace execution in a given file, with a reason. Returns a tuple containing the canonicalized filename (if tracing) and the reason for the decision.
14868	Return True if filename should be traced based on the current execution state.
14869	Append a warning message to the `_warnings` list and print it to `sys.stderr`
14870	Update the source_match matcher with the latest imported packages by adding their files to the source list if they can be found.
14871	Start measuring code coverage.
14872	Clean up on process shutdown.
14873	Exclude source lines from execution consideration based on a regular expression and update the corresponding list.
14874	Return a compiled regex for the given exclusion list.
14875	Save the collected coverage data to the data file.
14876	Combine together a number of similarly-named coverage data files, reading them and combining them into the current measurements.
14877	Get the collected data and reset the collector. Also warn about various problems collecting data.
14878	Calls `analysis2` and returns its results without excluding line numbers.
14879	Analyze a module to determine its coverage statistics, returning a tuple with filename, executable lines, excluded lines, missing lines, and a formatted string of missing line numbers.
14880	Analyze a single morf or code unit and return an `Analysis` object.
14881	Write a summary report to `file`.
14882	Annotate a list of modules with coverage information. Each module is annotated, and the source is written to a new file with line markers indicating coverage.
14883	Generate an HTML report.
14884	Generate an XML report of coverage results. The report is compatible with Cobertura reports. Each module in `morfs` is included in the report. `outfile` is the path to write the file to, "-" will write to stdout. Returns a float, the total percentage covered.
14885	Display Python objects in all frontends, allowing control over which representations to include or exclude.
14886	Display the HTML representation of an object(s). If `raw=True`, display raw HTML data; otherwise, format Python objects and display.
14887	Display the SVG representation of an object. If raw data is provided, it will be displayed directly; otherwise, the object will be formatted and displayed as SVG.
14888	Display the PNG representation of objects or raw data. If raw data is provided, it will be published directly. Otherwise, it will attempt to display Python objects as PNG images.
14889	Display the JPEG representation of an object.
14890	Display the LaTeX representation of an object. Parameters include a tuple of objects or raw LaTeX data, and a boolean flag to indicate whether the data is raw or not.
14891	Display the JSON representation of an object. Note that not many frontends support displaying JSON. The function takes one or more objects as input and displays their JSON representation, or raw JSON data if the raw parameter is set to True.
14892	Display the JavaScript representation of an object. If raw data is provided, it will be displayed as is. If Python objects are provided, they will be formatted before display.
14893	Reload the raw data from file or URL.
14894	Find the full path to a command using which.
14895	Execute a command in the system shell and return the child's exit status.
14896	This function forwards read events from a file descriptor (FD) over a socket by creating a socket pair, binding one side to an address, and connecting the other side to that address. It then starts a `ForwarderThread` to handle the forwarding and returns a socket for polling read events.
14897	Loop through lines in a file descriptor and send them over a socket. Close both the file descriptor and the socket when done.
14898	Returns a launcher class for a given class name and kind.
14899	Start the app for the stop subcommand.
14900	Factory that creates Launcher objects from import paths.
14901	The `start` method initializes and starts an IPython cluster and a set of engines. It first checks if the cluster is already running, then logs the startup information and daemonizes the process if required. After that, it starts the engines asynchronously using a delayed callback and initiates the event loop. If the loop encounters a keyboard interrupt or a ZMQ error with `errno.EINTR`, it handles them appropriately.
14902	Starts the ipcluster application, checking if the cluster is already running and then daemonizing the process. It sends delayed callbacks to start the controller and engines, and ensures the PID file is managed correctly throughout the process.
14903	Create a new wx app or return an existing one.
14904	Is the wx event loop running.
14905	Start the wx event loop in a consistent manner. If the app is None, get the wx app. If the event loop is not running, set the app in event loop flag to True, run the MainLoop of the app, and set the app in event loop flag to False. If the event loop is already running, set the app in event loop flag to True.
14906	Create a new Qt4 application or return an existing one.
14907	Is the qt4 event loop running.
14908	Start the qt4 event loop in a consistent manner. If no app is provided, a new one is created. If the event loop is not running, it starts the loop and sets the _in_event_loop flag to True. If the event loop is already running, it sets the _in_event_loop flag to True directly.
14909	Returns a blank canvas of specified width and height for annotation.
14910	Draw a cross on the canvas.
14911	Draw a line between two positions on a canvas with a specified color.
14912	Write text at specified position with optional properties like color, size, and antialiasing.
14913	Retrieves the class/Typename and a brief description of the given code in docstring format.
14914	Returns a unique ID of a given length.
14915	Build a unique key from get data using the current site's domain and an encoded URL.
14916	Returns domain name portion of a URL
14917	Converts a URL query string into a dictionary of arguments.
