0	Converts XML data to a list of URLs by extracting the text content of 'url' tags within 'durl' tags.
1	Downloads Dailymotion video by URL, extracts video title and available qualities, selects highest quality available, prints video info, and downloads the video unless in info-only mode.
2	Downloads Sina videos by URL, handling different formats and merging options.
3	Formats text with ANSI escape codes if running in an ANSI terminal, otherwise returns the text as is.
4	Prints a log message to standard error.
5	def e(message, exit_code=None):
    Print an error log message and optionally exit with a given code.
6	Prints a log message and exits with a given code
7	Detects the current operating system using system() method, then checks for specific keywords or files to identify the OS, returning "unknown" if no match is found.
8	def vimeo_download_by_channel(url, output_dir='.', merge=False, info_only=False, **kwargs):
    """Extracts channel ID from URL and downloads content from the channel."""
    channel_id = extract_channel_id(url)
    download_channel_content(channel_id, output_dir, merge, info_only, **kwargs)
9	Parse XML data to extract video information such as title, size, links, and flashvars into a dictionary.
10	This method constructs a video URL using a given video ID by performing a series of bitwise operations and randomization.
11	def get_mgtv_real_url(url):
    Parses the given URL to extract the real M3U url and segments. Returns the real M3U url, total segments size, and list of segment urls.
12	Converts a string to a valid filename by replacing certain characters with hyphens and removing leading dots. Trims the result to 80 Unicode characters.
13	Downloads CBS videos using a URL, extracting video details and calling another function to handle the download process.
14	Override the original download method. Handles different output types (JSON, info, or download) based on kwargs. Downloads a specific stream or the best quality stream, retrieves URLs and captions, and saves them.
15	Download Acfun video by vid. Call Acfun API, determine source type, and pass the job to the appropriate extractor.
16	searches text for substrings matching any of the given regex patterns and returns a list of all matched substrings
17	Parses a URL's query string and retrieves the value of a specified parameter. Inputs: URL, parameter name. Outputs: Parameter value or None if the parameter does not exist or an error occurs.
18	Sends an HTTP GET request to a URL, processes any HTTP compression, and decodes the response body using UTF-8 or the charset specified in Content-Type. Returns the content as a string.
19	Sends an HTTP POST request to a given URL with optional headers and data, handles gzip and deflate compression, and decodes the response.
20	Parses a host string to extract a hostname and port number. Returns "0.0.0.0" and the port if the hostname is numeric. Otherwise, finds the hostname and port using urlparse, defaulting to "0.0.0.0" and 0 if not found.
21	Fetches room ID from a given room URL key using a mobile user agent to parse HTML content.
22	Extracts a title from JSON content using course ID, topic ID, and part ID.
23	Def wanmen_download_by_course(json_api_content, output_dir='.', merge=True, info_only=False, **kwargs):  
Iterate through course topics and parts, calling wanmen_download_by_course_topic_part for each.
24	Download a specific part of a course using bokecc IDs from a JSON API response.
25	Checks if a task is either queued or running in this executor.
26	Returns and flushes the event buffer, clearing events for specified dag_ids if provided. Otherwise, clears all events. Returns a dict of cleared events.
27	def get_conn(self):  
    Returns a snowflake.connection object
28	Retrieves AWS credentials from a connection object if available.
29	Retrieves a field from the extras dictionary using a specified field name, with an optional default value if the field is not found.
30	This method executes an SQL COPY command using psycopg2's `copy_expert` method. It ensures the file exists before proceeding, creates it if necessary, and commits the transaction.
31	Dumps a database table into a tab-delimited file using the COPY command.
32	Uploads a file to Google Cloud Storage using the specified bucket, object name, MIME type, local file name, and compression.
33	Gets the max partition for a Hive table based on the provided schema, table, metastore connection ID, filter map, and field.
34	```python
Retrieves and configures a MySQL connection using specified parameters. Handles connection settings such as user, password, host, port, charset, cursor type, local infile, SSL, and Unix socket.
```
35	Returns the state of a TaskInstance at the command line.
36	Monitors and restarts Gunicorn worker processes to maintain the desired number of workers.
37	Retrieves Cloud Translate client object, creating it if not already present.
38	Translate a string or list of strings to target language with options for format, source language, and model. Returns a list of translation results.
39	Retrieve Cloud SQL instance details by ID and project. Returns instance resource as dict.
40	Creates a new Cloud SQL instance using the provided body and project ID, handling retries and waiting for the operation to complete.
41	Updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance, requiring a complete body and optionally a project ID. Waits for the operation to complete.
42	Deletes a Cloud SQL instance. Takes project_id and instance as parameters. Uses default project_id if not provided. Returns None.
43	Retrieves a Cloud SQL database resource using instance ID, database name, and optional project ID.
44	Creates a database in a Cloud SQL instance and waits for the operation to complete.
45	def patch_database(self, instance, database, body, project_id=None):
    """
    Updates a Cloud SQL database using patch semantics.
    :param instance: Database instance ID.
    :param database: Name of the database to update.
    :param body: Request body with update details.
    :param project_id: Project ID (optional, uses default if not provided).
    :return: None
    """
    response = self.get_conn().databases().patch(
        project=project_id,
        instance=instance,
        database=database,
        body=body
    ).execute(num_retries=self.num_retries)
    operation_name = response["name"]
    self._wait_for_operation_to_complete(project_id, operation_name)
46	Deletes a database from a Cloud SQL instance.
47	Export data from a Cloud SQL instance to a Cloud Storage bucket as a SQL dump or CSV file.
48	Starts Cloud SQL Proxy and runs it using a shell command. If the proxy is already running or encounters an error, it stops the proxy and raises an exception. The proxy's output is logged, and it waits until the proxy is ready for new connections.
49	Stops the running proxy, cleans up by removing the socket directory,下载的proxy文件以及生成的凭证文件
50	Downloads the Cloud SQL Proxy if needed, runs a version command, and extracts the version number from the output.
51	Establishes a database connection in the Connection table using SQLAlchemy ORM, automatically handling session management.
52	Retrieves the dynamically created connection from the Connection table using the provided SQLAlchemy session. Logs the retrieval and returns the connection if found, otherwise returns None.
53	Deletes a connection from the Connection table using the specified session, logging the operation and handling cases where the connection does not exist.
54	Retrieves Cloud SQL Proxy runner if use_proxy is True, otherwise raises an AirflowException. Returns a CloudSqlProxyRunner with specified parameters.
55	Retrieve database hook based on type.
56	The `cleanup_database_hook` method checks if the database type is 'postgres' and logs any notices from the database connection.
57	Reserve a free TCP port for the Cloud SQL Proxy by creating and binding a socket to localhost on port 0. Retrieve and store the dynamically assigned port number.
58	Normalizes an MLEngine job ID by replacing invalid characters with underscores and adding a leading 'z' if the job ID starts with an invalid character.
59	Extracts error code from FTP exception if possible, otherwise returns the original exception.
60	Delete existing DAG runs for perf test DAGs.
61	Remove task instances for specified DAGs.
62	Toggles the pause state of DAGs in the test by setting their `is_paused` attribute and committing the changes to the database.
63	Print operational metrics for the scheduler test, including performance results and any incomplete task instances.
64	Override scheduler heartbeat to determine test completion. Check if all tasks are successful or if runtime exceeds limit. Print stats and pause dags accordingly.
65	Invokes a Lambda function with specified parameters and returns the response.
66	def create_evaluate_ops(task_prefix, data_format, input_paths, prediction_path, metric_fn_and_keys, validate_fn, batch_prediction_job_id=None, project_id=None, region=None, dataflow_options=None, model_uri=None, model_name=None, version_name=None, dag=None):
    Creates three chained operators for model evaluation: prediction, summary, and validation. Returns the operators.
67	Creates directories, including intermediate ones, specified by a path with given permissions. Ignores umask and handles the case where the directory already exists.
68	Convert a string to a float if possible, otherwise return the original string.
69	Make a naive datetime object aware by converting it to a specified timezone. If no timezone is provided, use a default one. Raises an error if the input datetime is already aware. Adjusts for clock changes in Python 3.6.
70	Converts an aware datetime to a naive datetime in a given timezone. If no timezone is provided, uses a default timezone. Raises an error if the input datetime is already naive.
71	Wrapper function for datetime.datetime, setting default timezone if not provided
72	Establishes a connection to a Druid broker using the provided connection ID, logs the connection details, and returns the connection object.
73	Returns an HTTP session with updated headers and authentication based on connection settings.
74	Performs a request to a specified endpoint with optional parameters and headers, handling different HTTP methods and merging with session configuration.
75	Checks the response status code and raises an exception for non-2XX/3XX codes.
76	Executes a prepared request using a session, applying optional extra options like timeouts and proxies, and checks the response if required.
77	Creates a context manager for a database session that commits changes on success or rolls back on failure, ensuring the session is always closed.
78	Decorator that provides a session if not already provided, creating one and closing it if necessary.
79	Drops all tables from the database using Alembic and Flask-AppBuilder, and then initializes the database.
80	Catches a DatabaseError and extracts a formatted error message if possible. If not, returns the original error message.
81	Get records from Presto using a HQL query, optionally with parameters. Handle exceptions by raising a PrestoException with a pretty error message.
82	Executes a SQL query using provided HQL and optional parameters, retrieves data, and converts it into a pandas DataFrame. Handles exceptions by raising a custom PrestoException.
83	def run(self, hql, parameters=None):
    """Execute HQL against Presto, optionally with parameters."""
    return super().run(self._strip_sql(hql), parameters)
84	Inserts rows into a table using super().insert_rows(), defaulting to filling all fields if target_fields is not specified.
85	Return a Cosmos DB client, initializing it if needed.
86	Checks if a collection exists in CosmosDB, raising an error if the collection name is None. Uses a query to search for the collection by name. Returns True if the collection exists, False otherwise.
87	Checks if collection exists, creates it if not
88	Checks if a database exists in CosmosDB by querying for it and returns a boolean value. Raises an exception if the database name is None.
89	Creates a new database in CosmosDB if it does not already exist. Raises an error if the database name is None.
90	Deletes a database from CosmosDB by name, raises an error if the name is None.
91	Deletes a collection in CosmosDB. Raises an error if collection name is None. Uses the connection to delete the container.
92	Inserts a list of documents into a CosmosDB collection. Raises an error if the documents list is empty. Returns the created documents.
93	Deletes a document from a specified collection in a CosmosDB database by document ID. Raises an error if no document ID is provided.
94	Retrieves a document by ID from a specified collection in CosmosDB. Raises an error if no ID is provided. Handles HTTP failures by returning None.
95	retrieves documents from CosmosDB using a SQL query.
96	Get a Cloud Function by name. Returns a Cloud Functions object.
97	Creates a new function in Cloud Functions in the specified location using the provided body and project ID, waiting for the operation to complete.
98	Updates a Cloud Function with the specified body and patch fields, handling the operation and waiting for completion.
99	Uploads a zip file containing function sources to a specified location, generates an upload URL, and uploads the zip file using that URL.
100	This method deletes a specified Cloud Function by taking the function's name as a parameter. It uses the Google Cloud Functions API to delete the function and waits for the operation to complete.
101	Wrapper around _get_dep_statuses with global checks for dependency statuses.
102	Function returns True if all dependency statuses for a given task instance are passing.
103	Yields failure reasons for a task instance based on dependency statuses.
104	Parses an S3 config file for credentials, supporting "boto", "s3cmd", and "aws" formats. Determines the section and option names based on the format and profile, then extracts the access key and secret key. Raises an exception if the config format is unrecognized or the options are missing.
105	Returns a frozen `botocore.Credentials` object for the given region, ensuring thread safety by avoiding direct access to the access key and secret key.
106	Establishes a Vertica connection by retrieving the connection object, extracting configuration details, setting default values, and then creating a connection using those details.
107	Flush the log buffer by logging its contents if it's not empty, then reset the buffer to an empty string.
108	if fileloc contains a zip folder, return the path to the zip folder, otherwise return the original fileloc
109	Traverse directory for Python files, apply heuristics for safe_mode, ignore patterns in .airflowignore. Include example dags if requested.
110	Constructs a TaskInstance from the database based on the primary key, optionally locking the record.
111	Start the DagFileProcessorManager processor and initiate the DAG parsing loop.
112	Send termination signal to DAG parsing manager and expect it to stop all file processors.
113	Exits gracefully upon receiving a signal by terminating DAG file processors, ending operations, and logging the exit.
114	Starts the processing of files using multiple processes in parallel for DAGs. Limits the number of processes, file processing interval, and new files check interval. Runs in either async or sync mode based on a configuration flag.
115	Repetitively parse DAG files in a standalone loop, handle signals, refresh DAG directory, process simple DAGs, print statistics, and manage loop termination based on file processing status and maximum runs.
116	While loop listens for agent signals. On receiving heartbeat, it refreshes DAG dir, processes simple DAGs, prints stats, and updates stats queue. If all files processed or max runs reached, it sends termination signal and breaks loop.
117	Refreshes file paths from the DAG directory if it hasn't been done recently.
118	Prints processing stats if the interval has passed and there are file paths.
119	Cleanses import errors for non-existent files in the database using SQLAlchemy session. Applies a filter if specific file paths are provided, ensuring errors for existing files are unaffected. Deletes matching records and commits the transaction.
120	Logs stats about file processing, including runtime and last run time, for files in a given list.
121	Update the list of file paths and filter out stopped processors
122	Waits for all processors to finish by repeatedly checking their done status and sleeping briefly between checks.
123	Monitors running and finished processes, updates their statuses, queues new file paths for processing, starts new processors, and updates the heartbeat count.
124	Kill all child processes on exit using SIGTERM first, then SIGKILL if necessary, ensuring no orphaned processes.
125	Summary: 
Establishes an SSH connection using the `paramiko` library, handling host key verification based on configuration.
126	Creates and executes a periodic transfer job, injecting the project ID into the request body.
127	Fetches the latest state of a Google Storage Transfer job.
128	Lists transfer jobs in Google Storage Transfer Service that match a given filter. Filters can be specified as a dictionary. Returns a list of transfer job dictionaries.
129	Updates and returns a transfer job using the provided job name and body, injecting the project ID into the body.
130	Deletes a transfer job by updating its status to DELETED.
131	Cancels a transfer operation in Google Storage Transfer Service using the provided operation name.
132	Pauses a transfer operation in Google Storage Transfer Service by name.
133	Resumes a transfer operation in Google Storage Transfer Service using its operation name.
134	Waits for a GCP transfer job to reach one of the expected statuses within a specified timeout.
135	Retrieves all task reschedules for a given task instance and try number, ordered by ID in ascending order.
136	Counts open slots based on pool and task states.
137	Executes a command and returns the standard output, raising an exception if the command fails.
138	Remove option if it exists in config or default config, and option in both if present.
139	Returns a section as a dictionary with values converted to appropriate types based on their content.
140	def allocate_ids(self, partial_keys): Allocate IDs for incomplete keys using Google Cloud Datastore API. Returns list of full keys.
141	Begins a new transaction by calling the Google Cloud Storage API and returns the transaction handle.
142	Sends a commit request to the Google Cloud Datastore service with the provided body, optionally creating, deleting, or modifying entities. Returns the response body.
143	Look up entities by key with optional read consistency and transaction. Returns response body.
144	Rollbacks a transaction using the provided transaction ID.
145	Execute a query for entities using the provided body and return the batch of results.
146	Retrieves the latest state of a long-running operation by name and returns the operation resource as a dictionary.
147	Deletes a long-running operation by name, returning the response.
148	Poll backup operation state until it's completed, retrying every specified interval if the operation is still processing.
149	Export entities from Cloud Datastore to Cloud Storage for backup, using the Admin API.
150	Imports a backup from Cloud Storage to Cloud Datastore, using the Admin API.
151	Publish a message to a topic or endpoint using a connection.
152	Fetch hostname from config if available; otherwise use socket.getfqdn().
153	Retrieves Cloud Natural Language service connection or creates a new one if not already present.
154	Finds named entities in a document and returns their types, salience, mentions, and other properties.
155	Convenience method to call analyzeSentiment, analyzeEntities, and analyzeSyntax with a single request, passing various parameters and receiving the response.
156	Classifies a document into categories using the provided parameters.
157	Gets template fields for a given operator class by importing its module, retrieving the class, and returning its template_fields attribute. Raises exceptions if the module or class cannot be found, or if the template_fields attribute does not exist.
158	A role that插入一个包含模板字段列表的文本，主要用于在描述操作符的指南中。它将结果作为一个包含每个短序列表示的字段的列表节点返回。
159	Properly close pooled database connections
160	Adds necessary subfolders to the Python path for proper module loading
161	Checks if a Celery task ID has finished execution using Airflow's execution context.
162	Check if the Kerberos ticket cache contains "conf" information by searching for the byte sequence "X-CACHECONF:".
163	Converts a SQLAlchemy model instance to a dictionary, handling datetime values.
164	Iterates over a list and yields chunks of a specified size.
165	Splits the iterable into chunks of specified size, then reduces each chunk using the provided function.
166	def chain(*tasks): Link tasks in sequence, setting each task as the downstream task of the previous one.
167	This method generates a pretty ASCII table from a list of tuples. If the rows are namedtuples, it uses the named fields as headers. Otherwise, it creates headers based on column indices. The method calculates the width for each column to ensure proper alignment. It then formats each row according to these widths, separating the table with horizontal lines.
168	Given task instance, try number, and filename template, return the rendered log filename.
169	Returns a Google Cloud Dataproc service object after authorizing the HTTP request.
170	Waits for a Google Cloud Dataproc operation to complete.
171	Coerces content or all values of content if it is a dict to a string, throwing an exception if the content contains non-string or non-numeric types.
172	c.databind.*
173	```run_cli```: Executes a Pig script using the Pig CLI, writes the script to a temporary file, runs the script, logs the command and output if verbose, and returns the standard output. If the script returns a non-zero exit code, raises an ``AirflowException`` with the error message.
174	Fetch and return the state of a given Celery task.

Parameters:
- celery_task: A tuple of the Celery task key and the async Celery object to fetch the task's state.

Returns:
- A tuple of the Celery task key and the Celery state of the task, or an exception with traceback if an error occurs.
175	Calculate tasks_per_process as the maximum of 1 and the ceiling of to_send_count divided by self._sync_parallelism.
176	Calculates the number of Celery tasks per worker process based on the total tasks and sync parallelism, ensuring at least one task per process.
177	Sets a default value for a key in a dictionary-like object, storing it in a database if the key doesn't exist. If the key exists, returns the existing value.
178	Returns a Google MLEngine service object using authorized HTTP session.
179	Launches a MLEngine job, waits for it to finish, and returns the job object. Handles existing jobs with a custom callback function.
180	Retrieves an MLEngine job by ID, retries with 30-second delays on 429 errors.
181	Waits for a job in a Google Cloud project to reach a terminal state (SUCCEEDED, FAILED, CANCELLED) by periodically checking its state at a specified interval. Raises an error if the HTTP request to get the job details fails.
182	Defines a method `create_version` that creates a model version on Google Cloud ML Engine and returns the operation result after polling.
183	Sets a model version as default and waits for the operation to complete. Logs success or error accordingly.
184	Lists model versions, handling pagination and blocking until finished.
185	Deletes a model version, waits until completion, and polls the operation status.
186	Create a model in a project and block until finished. Raises ValueError if model name is empty.
187	Retrieves a model by project ID and model name, handles 404 errors, and logs the error if the model is not found.
188	Write batch items to DynamoDB table with provisioned throughput capacity. Handle exceptions and raise AirflowException if insertion fails.
189	Integrate plugins by adding them to sys.modules and globals().
190	Returns the default executor, creating a new instance if necessary by configuration.
191	This function creates an executor instance based on the given name. It handles known executors like LocalExecutor, SequentialExecutor, CeleryExecutor, DaskExecutor, and KubernetesExecutor. For unknown executors, it loads plugins to find the corresponding executor class and creates an instance of it. If the executor name is not supported, it raises an AirflowException.
192	Logs segment error with items and raises AirflowException
193	Returns a MSSQL connection object using credentials from a connection object.
194	def trigger_dag(dag_id):
    Trigger a new DAG run, optionally specifying run_id, conf, and execution_date. Handles date parsing and exceptions, returning error responses on failure. Logs user action if authenticated.
195	def delete_dag(dag_id):
    """
    Deletes all DB records related to the specified Dag and returns a response indicating the number of records removed.
    """
196	Fetches task info and returns it as JSON, handling exceptions gracefully.
197	Try to get all pools from the pool_api. If成功, return the pools as JSON. If an AirflowException occurs, return the error message and status code.
198	Create a pool by parsing JSON request parameters, calling the pool API to create the pool, and returning the pool's JSON representation or an error response if an exception occurs.
199	Delete a pool by name, handle exceptions, and return JSON response.
200	Create or update a container group in a specified resource group.
201	Get the state, exitcode, and details of a container group by name and resource group. Return a tuple with the state, exitcode (0 if unknown), and details.
202	Get messages from a container group using resource group and name
203	Get the last n log messages from a container group.

Inputs:
- resource_group (str): name of the resource group
- name (str): name of the container group
- tail (int): number of log lines to retrieve

Returns:
- list[str]: list of log messages
204	Delete a container group by specifying the resource group and name.
205	Checks if a container group exists in a specified resource group.
206	Function decorator that applies default arguments from "default_args" to the decorated function if they are not specified, while also checking for missing required arguments and raising an exception if any are found.
207	Constructs an HDFS TSV load query for Druid, defining dimensions, metrics, and ingestion tuning.
208	Check for messages on subscribed channels, log the message and unsubcribe if a 'message' type is found, then push the message to XCom and return True; otherwise return False.
209	This method filters and retrieves dag runs from a database based on specified criteria such as dag_id, run_id, execution_date, state, external_trigger, and whether backfills should be excluded. It uses SQL queries to construct the search, applying filters for each parameter provided. The results are ordered by execution_date and returned as a list of DagRun objects.
210	Retrieves task instances for a DAG run, filtering by state and partial DAG conditions.
211	Retrieves the TaskInstance for the specified task_id in the current DAG run using the provided session.
212	Retrieves the most recent preceding DagRun for the same dag_id with an earlier execution_date.
213	def get_previous_scheduled_dagrun(self, session=None):
    """Return the previous scheduled DagRun, if available"""
    dag = self.get_dag()
    previous_execution_date = dag.previous_schedule(self.execution_date)
    return session.query(DagRun).filter(
        DagRun.dag_id == self.dag_id,
        DagRun.execution_date == previous_execution_date
    ).first()
214	Determines overall DagRun state based on TaskInstances' states, updates state accordingly, and handles callbacks.
215	Verifies DagRun by checking for removed tasks or tasks not in the database. Restores removed tasks and creates new instances for missing tasks, updating the database accordingly.
216	Sends a request to a Jenkins server, captures the response body and headers, and handles exceptions related to HTTP errors, timeouts, and URL errors. Returns a dictionary containing the response body and headers.
217	Given a context dictionary, this function returns a dictionary of Airflow variable names and their corresponding values. If `in_env_var_format` is True, the variable names will be in UPPER_SNAKE_CASE format. The function looks up the DAG ID, task ID, execution date, and run ID in the context and adds them to the output dictionary.
218	If the condition parameter is True, set the payload and print it.
219	Sends a single metric datapoint to DataDog, validates the response, and returns it.
220	Queries Datadog for a specific metric over a time range and returns the results.
221	Retrieves and refreshes a DAG from a dictionary, reprocessing the source file if necessary.
222	Fail zombie tasks by marking them as failed and committing the session.
223	recursively adds a dag and its subdags to a collection, handles cycles, and logs progress
224	Collects DAGs from a specified folder or current DAG folder, processes files, and updates the DAG bag, while logging stats and handling exceptions.
225	Generates a report summarizing DAGBag loading statistics.
226	Add or subtract days from a date in "YYYY-MM-DD" format. Converts date string to datetime, modifies it by adding/subtracting days, and returns the new date as a string in same format.
227	Converts a date string from one format to another using datetime.strptime and strftime.
228	Checks if files matching a regex pattern exist in a directory and filters them based on ignored extensions and file size. Returns True if any files match the criteria, False otherwise.
229	Checks if a directory is non-empty by listing files, applying filters, and validating the result based on whether the directory should be empty or not.
230	This function clears a list of task instances, ensuring running instances are killed, and updates their states accordingly. It also handles retries and activation of associated DAG runs.
231	Return the task's try number, adding 1 if the task is not currently running.
232	Generates a shell command to execute a task instance with various options for customization.
233	Get the latest state from the database for a task instance, using an existing session if provided, or creating a new one if not.
234	Forces task instance to FAILED state in database by logging and merging with session.
235	Refreshes the task instance from the database based on the primary key, optionally locking it for update.
236	Deletes all XCom data for the current task instance from the database.
237	Return a tuple uniquely identifying a task instance
238	Checks if all downstream tasks have succeeded.
239	Calculate and return the datetime of the next retry by applying exponential backoff based on task retry number, with a minimum and maximum backoff delay.
240	Checks if the task instance is in the "UP_FOR_RETRY" state and can be retried based on the current UTC time.
241	Checks if the task can run by verifying if there are available slots in the specified pool.
242	Retrieves the DagRun for a TaskInstance using the DAG ID and execution date.
243	Make an XCom available for tasks to pull. Inputs include a key, value, and an optional execution date. If execution_date is provided and in the past, raises a ValueError. Otherwise, stores the XCom in the database with the provided information.
244	Pulls XComs based on task IDs, DAG ID, key, and execution date, returning the most recent matching value or tuple of values.
245	Sets the log context with optional raw parameter and updates the context accordingly.
246	Close and upload local log to remote Wasb only if not already closed and upload_on_close is True.
247	Retrieves Google Compute Engine connection if not already established, then returns the connection object.
248	Starts a Google Cloud Compute Engine instance using specified zone, resource ID, and project ID (if provided). Raises an exception if the response does not contain a 'name' field. Waits for the operation to complete.
249	This method sets the machine type of a Compute Engine instance in GCP. It requires the zone, resource ID, and body as keyword arguments. The project ID is optional and will use the default if not provided. The method then waits for the operation to complete before returning.
250	Retrieves an instance template by project_id and resource_id, returning the template as a dictionary. Uses keyword arguments for calling.
251	Inserts an instance template using the specified body, with optional request_id and project_id. Waits for the operation to complete before returning.
252	Retrieves an Instance Group Manager by zone, resource ID, and optional project ID, returning its representation as a dictionary.
253	Patches an Instance Group Manager in a specified zone using the provided JSON-merge-patch body. Handles optional request_id and project_id parameters. Waits for the operation to complete before returning.
254	Waits for a Google Cloud operation to complete. Checks the operation's status in a loop until it's done. Raises an exception if an error occurs.
255	Check if a bucket exists by attempting to retrieve its metadata and handling exceptions if the bucket is not found.
256	Creates an Amazon S3 bucket in a specified region or the default region if none is given.
257	Checks if a prefix exists in a bucket by ensuring the prefix ends with the delimiter if necessary, splitting the prefix, and verifying its presence in the list of prefixes.
258	Lists prefixes in a bucket under a given prefix, using pagination and maximum item limits.
259	Lists keys in a bucket with optional prefix and delimiter, using pagination.
260	Checks if a key exists in an S3 bucket, handling both direct key inputs and S3 URL inputs. Returns True if the key exists, False otherwise.
261	Retrieves a boto3.s3.Object for a given key and bucket. If the bucket name is not provided, it parses the S3 URL to obtain it.
262	Reads an S3 key and returns its content as a string.
263	Reads a key from S3 using a specified SQL expression and returns the results as a string.
264	Checks if a key matching a wildcard expression exists in a specified bucket.
265	Returns a boto3.s3.Object object matching the wildcard expression by: 
- Parsing the S3 URL if bucket_name is not provided
- Extracting the prefix before the first wildcard character
- Listing keys with the given prefix and delimiter
- Filtering keys that match the wildcard expression
- Returning the first matching key as a boto3.s3.Object
266	Uploads a local file to an S3 bucket. It checks if the key already exists and can replace it or raise an error if not. It also supports server-side encryption.
267	uploads a string to S3 by encoding it to bytes and calling `load_bytes`
268	Uploads bytes data to S3, optionally overwriting existing content and encrypting the file.
269	```python
Uploads a file object to an S3 bucket.
Parameters:
- file_obj: The file-like object to upload.
- key: The S3 key where the file will be stored.
- bucket_name: Name of the S3 bucket (optional).
- replace: Flag to overwrite the key if it exists.
- encrypt: Encrypt the file on the server.
```
270	Copies an object from one S3 location to another location, handling both relative and full S3 URLs for bucket and key.
271	Queries Cassandra, executes a CQL query, and returns a cursor to the results.
272	Converts a user type to a BQ RECORD by mapping fields and converting them to appropriate data types.
273	Sends an email with HTML content using Sendgrid. Handles multiple recipients, CC, BCC, attachments, and custom arguments.
274	Retrieves Google Cloud Speech client object, creating it if necessary.
275	Recognizes speech from audio data using provided configuration and handles retry and timeout options. Logs the result.
276	Calls SparkSqlHook to execute an SQL query with various configurations.
277	Import entrypoint plugins, validate, and call on_load if exists, ensuring no duplicates. Return populated plugin list.
278	Check if the given plugin object is a valid AirflowPlugin subclass and not already in the existing plugins list, by verifying its class type, inheritance, and validation.
279	Sets tasks instances to skipped from the same dag run. Filters tasks by dag_id, execution_date, and task_ids, updates their state to SKIPPED, and sets start_date and end_date to the current UTC time. If dag_run is not provided, asserts execution_date is not None, logs a warning, and merges TaskInstances with their state set to SKIPPED.
280	```python
def get_conn(self):
    """Return an AzureDLFileSystem object."""
    conn = self.get_connection(self.conn_id)
    service_options = conn.extra_dejson
    self.account_name = service_options.get('account_name')

    adlCreds = lib.auth(tenant_id=service_options.get('tenant'),
                        client_secret=conn.password,
                        client_id=conn.login)
    adlsFileSystemClient = core.AzureDLFileSystem(adlCreds,
                                                  store_name=self.account_name)
    adlsFileSystemClient.connect()
    return adlsFileSystemClient
```

Summary: Returns an AzureDLFileSystem object by authenticating and connecting to an Azure Data Lake Storage account using client credentials.
281	Check for the existence of a file at a given path on Azure Data Lake using self.connection.glob, return True if the file exists, False otherwise.
282	Uploads a file or directory to Azure Data Lake using multithreading.
283	Lists files in Azure Data Lake Storage based on the provided path, using glob for wildcard matching.
284	Run Presto query on Athena, handle query execution and status.
285	def uncompress_file(input_file_name, file_extension, dest_dir):
    """
    Uncompresses gz and bz2 files, saving them in a specified directory.
    Raises an error for unsupported formats.
    """
286	Executes a SQL query on MSSQL and returns a cursor of results.
287	Decorator `action_logging` wraps a function to log actions both before and after execution in a CLI context. It captures metrics and passes them to pre- and post-execution callbacks.
288	Builds a metrics dictionary from function arguments, extracting relevant information such as function name, user, host name, and optionally dag_id, task_id, and execution_date. Returns a dictionary containing the metrics and a log object.
289	Params path The path of the cgroup to create. The path is a string that represents the hierarchical structure of the cgroup, e.g. cpu/mygroup/mysubgroup.
Returns The node associated with the created cgroup. Returns a Node object from the cgroupspy.nodes module.
Does Paths split into elements Iterate over each element in the path.
Nodes dictionary Dictionary of child nodes for quick lookup.
Create cgroup If an element is not already a child, create it and log a debug message. If it is already a child, log a debug message that it is not being created.
Return node Return the Node associated with the last element in the path.
290	Deletes a cgroup by traversing a tree structure based on the provided path, removing the leaf node and updating its parent.
291	This function extracts the hostname from a given host URL, stripping out any protocol. It provides a robust way to handle user-provided host settings by ensuring that the hostname is in the correct format.
292	Utility function to perform an API call with retries. Handles GET and POST requests, uses token or basic authentication, and retries on failures up to a limit.
293	Signs into Salesforce if not already connected, using credentials from the connection object.
294	Make a query to Salesforce and return the result.
295	Get Salesforce obj description using conn.describe()
296	Get a list of all available fields for a Salesforce object.
297	Get Salesforce objects with specified fields. Construct query, log, and execute. Returns object instances.
298	Convert a column to UNIX timestamps if applicable, handling datetime conversion errors and NaN values.
299	Converts query results to specified file format (CSV, JSON, NDJSON) while handling datetime types and optionally recording fetch time.
300	Fetches PyMongo Client, handles SSL options, and caches the client instance.
301	Retrieves a MongoDB collection object by name, using the default database schema unless a different one is specified.
302	Replaces multiple documents in a MongoDB collection using `bulk_write` with `ReplaceOne` operations. Automatically generates filter documents from `_id` fields if none are provided, and supports upserts and collation.
303	Checks if any email in the specified folder contains an attachment matching the given name, optionally using a regex. Returns True if found, False otherwise.
304	This method retrieves email attachments by name from a specified mail folder, handling regex checks and retrieval modes. If no attachments are found, it processes the 'not_found_mode' as specified.
305	Downloads mail attachments matching a given name to a local directory, handling options like regex matching, latest-only download, and different modes for when no attachments are found.
306	Gets all attachments by name for the mail. Filters by regular expression if specified. Optionally stops after finding the first match. Returns list of attachment names and payloads.
307	Retrieves the filename and decoded payload of a part. Returns a tuple containing the filename and payload.
308	Writes batch records to Kinesis Firehose
309	Determines whether a task is ready to be rescheduled based on its state and the task_reschedule table. Returns passing status if the task is not in a reschedule period, not rescheduleable, or has no reschedule requests. Otherwise, returns failing status if the latest reschedule date is in the future.
310	Import email backend class, parse recipient list, and call backend method to send email.
311	Sends an HTML email with attachments using SMTP.
312	Converts datetime values to UTC, ensuring timezone consistency.
313	Check if a blob exists in Azure Blob Storage.
314	Check if a prefix exists in Azure Blob storage by listing blobs with the given prefix and returning True if any match is found, False otherwise.
315	Uploads a string to Azure Blob Storage using the `BlockBlobService.create_blob_from_text()` method, reordering the argument order from `airflow.hooks.S3_hook.load_string`.
316	Reads a file from Azure Blob Storage and returns its content as a string.
317	Delete file(s) from Azure Blob Storage based on container_name and blob_name. Optionally delete all matching files if is_prefix is True. Raises exception if blob(s) not found and ignore_if_missing is False. Logs deletion for each blob.
318	```python
def mlsd(conn, path="", facts=None):
    facts = facts or []
    if facts:
        conn.sendcmd("OPTS MLST " + ";".join(facts) + ";")
    if path:
        cmd = "MLSD %s" % path
    else:
        cmd = "MLSD"
    lines = []
    conn.retrlines(cmd, lines.append)
    for line in lines:
        facts_found, _, name = line.rstrip(ftplib.CRLF).partition(' ')
        entry = {}
        for fact in facts_found[:-1].split(";"):
            key, _, value = fact.partition("=")
            entry[key.lower()] = value
        yield (name, entry)
```

### Summary:
 Lists a directory using MLSD (RFC-3659) and yields a generator of file names and their attributes.
319	Returns FTP connection if it exists, otherwise creates and returns it using connection parameters.
320	This method retrieves the list of files in a given remote directory. It connects to the remote system, changes to the specified path, and then uses the `nlst` method to fetch the file list.
321	Transfers a remote file to a local location. Accepts a string path or file-like buffer for the local destination. Optionally uses a callback function to handle data read events, such as displaying download progress.
322	Transfers a local file to a remote location. Opens the local file if a path is provided, otherwise uses the provided file-like buffer. Connects to the remote server, changes to the remote directory, and uploads the file using STOR command. Closes the file handle if a path was provided.
323	Returns a datetime object of the last modified time for a given remote file path using FTP's MDTM command. Handles optional microseconds.
324	Call DiscordWebhookHook to post a message.
325	Retrieve the FileService object using the connection ID, extract the service options, and return a new FileService instance with the account name, account key, and options.
326	Check if a directory exists on Azure File Share using provided share and directory names.
327	Check if a file exists on Azure File Share by calling `self.connection.exists()` with the provided share name, directory name, and file name, and any additional keyword arguments. Returns `True` if the file exists, `False` otherwise.
328	Lists directories and files in an Azure File Share.
329	Creates a new directory on an Azure File Share using the provided share and directory names, and optional keyword arguments. Returns a list of files and directories in the share.
330	Upload file to Azure File Share.
331	Uploads a string to an Azure File Share using the provided parameters and optional arguments.
332	Uploads a stream to Azure File Share using provided parameters.
333	Returns a Google Cloud Storage client object. Creates a new client if one doesn't already exist by calling _get_credentials() to authenticate.
334	Copies an object from one bucket to another, optionally renaming it. Handles bucket and object parameter defaults and validates inputs. Uses Google Cloud Storage client to perform the copy operation and logs the result.
335	Downloads a file from Google Cloud Storage, saves it to a specified local file path if provided, and returns the file content as a string.
336	Uploads a local file to a Google Cloud Storage bucket, optionally compressing it first before upload.
337	Checks for the existence of an object in Google Cloud Storage by bucket and object name.
338	Checks if a blob was updated after a given timestamp in Google Cloud Storage.
339	Deletes an object from a specified bucket using the provided bucket and object names.
340	Lists objects in a bucket with optional filters and pagination.
341	Gets the size of a file in Google Cloud Storage by retrieving the blob and accessing its size attribute, while logging the process.
342	Retrieves the CRC32c checksum of an object in Google Cloud Storage.
343	Retrieves and returns the MD5 hash of an object in a Google Cloud Storage bucket.
344	Creates a new Google Cloud Storage bucket with specified parameters, logs the creation attempt, and returns the bucket ID.
345	This method `compose` in a storage client class concatenates a list of source objects into a single new object in the same bucket. It validates the input parameters, logs the operation, and uses the Google Cloud Storage client library to perform the composition. It raises errors if the input parameters are invalid and logs the completion of the operation.
346	Returns true if training job's secondary status message has changed from prev_job_description to current_job_description.
347	Generate a string containing start time and secondary training job status message by comparing current and previous job descriptions.
348	Tars a local file or directory and uploads it to S3.
349	def configure_s3_resources(self, config):
    """Extract and execute S3 operations from the config."""
    s3_ops = config.pop('S3Operations', None)
    if s3_ops:
        create_bucket_ops = s3_ops.get('S3CreateBucket', [])
        upload_ops = s3_ops.get('S3Upload', [])
        for op in create_bucket_ops:
            self.s3_hook.create_bucket(op['Bucket'])
        for op in upload_ops:
            if op['Tar']:
                self.tar_and_s3_upload(op['Path'], op['Key'], op['Bucket'])
            else:
                self.s3_hook.load_file(op['Path'], op['Key'], op['Bucket'])
350	Check if an S3 URL corresponds to an existing bucket and key, raising exceptions if either does not exist. Return True if valid.
351	Establish an AWS connection for retrieving logs using `CloudWatchLogs.Client`.
352	Method to create and manage a training job in SageMaker. Accepts config, wait_for_completion, print_log, check_interval, and max_ingestion_time. Checks config validity, creates training job, and monitors its status based on parameters provided.
353	Create a tuning job using the provided config. Optionally wait for completion, check the job status at intervals, and set a maximum ingestion time.
354	Initialize a transform job, validate S3 URL, create the job, and optionally wait for completion with status checks.
355	Create an endpoint with optional parameters for waiting, checking interval, and maximum ingestion time. Wait for completion if specified, checking the endpoint's status at regular intervals until it finishes or times out. Returns the response from the endpoint creation.
356	Function summarizes a training job, logs its state, and checks for job completion.
357	Checks the status of a SageMaker job, retries until the job is completed or fails, and handles timeouts.
358	Checks a training job's status and logs, optionally waiting for completion and handling timeouts.
359	Executes a Python dataflow job by converting argument names from lowerCamelCase to snake case, uploading a Python file to a local bucket, and then submitting the job using the DataFlowHook.
360	Sets up migration context without an engine, runs migrations in offline mode.
361	Create an engine connection and run migrations in 'online' mode.
362	Deletes a Cloud Bigtable instance by ID, optionally specifying a project ID. Logs a message if the instance does not exist.
363	```python
Creates a new BigTable instance with optional replica clusters and waits for creation to complete.
```
364	This method creates a new Cloud Bigtable table with the specified ID and optional split keys and column families. If the table already exists, it raises an exception. If not, it creates the table with the provided configurations.
365	Deletes a specified table in Cloud Bigtable. Raises `NotFound` if the table does not exist. Takes `instance_id`, `table_id`, and optional `project_id`.
366	Updates the number of nodes in a specified Cloud Bigtable cluster, raising an exception if the cluster does not exist.
367	This function prepares a command list for running a CLI command, selecting between Hive or Beeline. It constructs the JDBC URL based on connection details, including handling kerberos authentication if enabled. Additional command parameters are added based on connection settings and method inputs.
368	Takes a dictionary of key-value pairs and returns a list of strings formatted as hiveconf parameters.
369	The `load_df` method loads a pandas DataFrame into a Hive table by:
1. Optionally inferring column data types if not provided.
2. Writing the DataFrame to a temporary CSV file.
3. Passing the CSV file to `self.load_file` for uploading to Hive.
370	```python
def load_file(self, filepath, table, delimiter=",", field_dict=None, create=True, overwrite=True, partition=None, recreate=False, tblproperties=None):
    """
    Loads a local file into Hive.
    """
```
371	Returns a Hive thrift client by establishing a transport connection and setting up a protocol according to authentication mechanisms and security settings.
372	Checks if a partition with a given name exists in a specified schema and table.
373	Check if a table exists in a specified database by attempting to retrieve it; return True if successful, False otherwise.
374	Retrieves a Hive connection object, handling authentication mechanisms and default values.
375	Execute an HQL query and retrieve results with an optional schema, fetch size, and Hive configuration. Return results as a dictionary containing data and a header.
376	Execute HQL in a target schema, fetch results in chunks, and write them to a CSV file with specified settings.
377	Execute a Hive query and return the results as a list.
378	Get a pandas dataframe from a Hive query, execute HQL, and return the result as a DataFrame.
379	Retrieves a Google Cloud Vision client object. If not already created, initializes a new client using credentials. Returns the client object.
380	Get Dingding endpoint by fetching the http connection using conn_id, retrieving the token from the connection's password, and validating the token. If the token is missing, raise an exception. Otherwise, return the endpoint URL with the access token.
381	Sends a Dingding message if the message type is supported. Builds the message, logs the send attempt, and raises an exception if the response indicates a failure.
382	Helper method to bind parameters to a SQL query. Converts string values to escaped strings and None to 'NULL'.
383	Escapes special characters in a string for use in SQL queries.
384	Converts BigQuery string fields to the specified data type. Returns None if input is None. Raises ValueError for invalid BOOLEAN values.
385	validating if a value matches the expected type, raising a TypeError if it does not
386	Returns a BigQuery PEP 249 connection object using the service, project, legacy SQL flag, location, and retry settings.
387	Retrieves and returns a BigQuery service object using an authorized HTTP connection.
388	Checks existence of a table in BigQuery using the provided project, dataset, and table IDs. Returns True if table exists, False if not found (404 error), and raises an exception for other errors.
389	Creates a new, empty table in a BigQuery dataset with optional schema fields, time partitioning, clustering, labels, and views. Handles retries and logs the creation process.
390	Patches information in an existing BigQuery table, updating only the fields provided in the request. Handles various optional attributes like description, expiration time, schema, and more. Logs the patch operation and raises an exception on failure.
391	Cancel ongoing BigQuery jobs and wait for confirmation.
392	Deletes a specified table from a dataset, raises an error if the table does not exist unless ignore_if_missing is True.
393	def run_table_upsert(self, dataset_id, table_resource, project_id=None):
    Check if table exists. If not, create it. If yes, update it. Handles pagination for large datasets.
394	def grant_view_access(self, source_dataset, view_dataset, view_table, source_project=None, view_project=None):
    Provides view access to a dataset. If access already exists, does nothing. Not atomic, may conflict with simultaneous updates.
395	def get_dataset(self, dataset_id, project_id=None):
    Validates dataset_id, attempts to retrieve dataset resource, and logs or raises exception accordingly.
396	Lists BigQuery datasets in the specified or current project, handling errors gracefully.
397	Method to insert data into BigQuery in chunks. Takes table ID, dataset ID, project ID, list of rows, and optional flags for error handling. Logs insert status and raises exception on errors if specified.
398	Runs a BigQuery query and returns the job ID, optionally substituting parameters.
399	Execute the same BigQuery query with multiple sets of parameters.
400	Returns the next row from a buffer, paginating through the result set if necessary.
401	Queries Postgres using PostgresHook, executes a SQL query, and returns a cursor to the results.
402	Create intermediate directories for a given remote path using recursion.
403	Create a queue using the specified name and optional attributes. Returns a dictionary with the queue information.
404	Send a message to an SQS queue with optional delay and attributes. Returns details about the sent message.
405	```python
def run_command(self, run_with=None, join_args=False):
    """Run task command with optional prefix and argument joining."""
    run_with = run_with or []
    cmd = [" ".join(self._command)] if join_args else self._command
    full_cmd = run_with + cmd

    self.log.info('Running: %s', full_cmd)
    proc = subprocess.Popen(full_cmd, stdout=subprocess.PIPE, stderr=subprocess.STDOUT, universal_newlines=True, 
                            close_fds=True, env=os.environ.copy(), preexec_fn=os.setsid)

    log_reader = threading.Thread(target=self._read_task_logs, args=(proc.stdout,))
    log_reader.daemon = True
    log_reader.start()

    return proc
```
406	Deletes a configuration file if it exists, using sudo if specified.
407	Parse command-line options for verbosity.
408	Checks if JavaScript assets have been initialized, and if not, appends CSS and JS headers to `self.htmlheader`.
409	Generates an HTML div containing an SVG element with specified width and height styles.
410	Generates Javascript code for a chart. Adds custom tooltip string if not set explicitly, and includes data in JSON format.
411	`create_x_axis` method creates an X-axis configuration for a chart. It sets the axis label, tick format, and handles date formatting if specified. If the `focus_enable` flag is set and the axis name is "xAxis", it also creates a secondary X-axis (`x2Axis`) with the same configuration.
412	Create a Y-axis with optional formatting and label, then add it to the axis list.
413	Retrieves and returns a SQLite connection object.
414	Decorator to log user actions by creating a log entry with event, user, extra, task_id, and dag_id, and adding it to a session.
415	gzipped decorator compresses response if client accepts gzip encoding
416	Fetches the most recent dag run for a given dag ID, optionally excluding externally triggered runs. Returns None if no valid run is found.
417	Creates a DAG run from this DAG, including associated tasks, and returns the DAG run. Parameters include run ID, execution date, state, optional start date, external trigger flag, configuration, and database session.
418	Send message to SQS queue and return the result.
419	def json_response(obj): returns a JSON response from a JSON-serializable Python object
420	Opens a file, handling zip archives if the path contains a .zip suffix.
421	Generate a unique cache key for a URL based on its path and query parameters by hashing the args and concatenating it with the path.
422	Returns GCP Video Intelligence Service client if not already created
423	Calls a client method to perform video annotation, handling input URI, content, features, context, output URI, location, retries, timeout, and metadata.
424	Retrieves Opsgenie API key from connection, raises exception if not found.
425	The `get_conn` method customizes the connection for an HTTP request by setting up a `requests.Session` with optional headers, using the host from a predefined connection or a default base URL.
426	Executes an Opsgenie alert using the provided payload.
427	Constructs an Opsgenie payload dictionary by combining relevant attributes from the class.
428	Invoke OpsgenieAlertHook to send a message with the specified payload.
429	- Check if conn exists
- If not, create a new AWS client connection using get_client_type method with 'athena' as argument
- Return the connection
430	Run a Presto query on Athena and return the query execution ID.
431	Fetches and returns the status of an Athena query using its execution ID, handling exceptions and logging errors.
432	Polls Athena query status until final state reached or max_tries exceeded. Returns final state.
433	Establishes an SFTP connection if not already established, using provided parameters such as host, port, username, password, and key file. Returns the connection object.
434	Sleeps for the number of seconds specified in the 'Retry-After' header of a rate limit exception, or for 60 seconds if not specified.
435	CallsZendeskAPI, handlesrate limiting, accumulatesallpagesif requested, and supportsoptional side loading.
436	Retrieves partition values for a table, filtering with an expression, and supports pagination.
437	Get information of the given Hive table name and database name, return the table information as a dictionary.
438	Get the physical location of a Hive table by querying its metadata and returning the StorageDescriptor Location.
439	Return cluster status by identifier or 'cluster_not_found' if not found.
440	Delete a cluster, optionally creating a final snapshot and skipping snapshot creation.
441	Retrieves and returns a list of active snapshots for a given cluster, sorted by creation time in descending order.
442	Restores a cluster from a specified snapshot using the given cluster and snapshot identifiers. Returns the restored cluster object or None if it fails.
443	Creates a snapshot of a cluster using a unique identifier. Returns the snapshot details or None if it doesn't exist.
444	Executes a Slack API call with the provided method and parameters. Constructs API call parameters if not already set. Utilizes SlackHook to perform the call and ensures the DAG completes successfully.
445	Creates a job flow using the EMR connection's config, optionally overriding it with provided parameters.
446	Filters files in a list based on minimum file size, returning only those larger than or equal to the specified size in MB.
447	Filter result by excluding files with specified extensions if ignore_copying is True.
448	Object executes a MongoDB query based on pipeline status, transforms results, and loads them into an S3 bucket.
449	Get pool by name, check if name is valid, query pool, raise errors if pool doesn't exist.
450	Create a pool with the given parameters, validate the name and slots, update existing pool or create a new one, and return the pool object.
451	Delete a pool by name, validating the name and handling cases where the pool does not exist.
452	Converts a dictionary to a proto object using JSON as an intermediary format.
453	Waits for an operation to complete on Google Cloud, raising an error if it fails.
454	Fetches operation from Google Cloud using provided name and optional project ID. Returns updated operation.
455	```Append labels to a Cluster Protobuf. Validates key and value using a regex pattern. Replaces '.' and '+' in value with '-'. Updates the cluster_proto with the new label and returns it.```
456	Creates a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster with specified parameters and returns the cluster's URL.
457	Fetches details of a specified cluster by name, project ID, retry, and timeout. Logs the cluster retrieval and returns the cluster's self-link.
458	Retrieves the Discord webhook endpoint from a connection ID or a manually provided endpoint, validates its format, and returns it.
459	Serializes message data into a Discord JSON payload with optional parameters.
460	Defines a method to execute a Discord webhook call, using optional HTTPS proxy and a built_payload.
461	Encrypts plaintext using Google Cloud KMS, optionally with authenticated data, and returns the base64-encoded ciphertext.
462	def import_table(self, table, target_dir=None, append=False, file_type="text",
                     columns=None, split_by=None, where=None, direct=False,
                     driver=None, extra_import_options=None):
    Builds and executes a command to import data from a remote table into HDFS using Sqoop. Parameters control the target directory, import options, and database settings.
463	Executes an SQL query and saves the result to HDFS in the specified format and location.
464	Exports Hive table to remote location using specified export options.
465	Retrieves a Google Cloud Text to Speech client object, caching it for reuse.
466	Synthesizes text input using a specified voice and audio configuration, and returns a response object. Logs the input text before calling the Text-to-Speech client.
467	def close(self):
    """
    Close logger and upload local log file to S3 if enabled.
    """
468	If volume claims, host, or Dags in image, return empty list. Otherwise, define a git-sync init container with environment variables and volume mounts based on configuration.
469	Sets environment variables for the pod executor, including AIRFLOW__CORE__EXECUTOR, AIRFLOW_HOME, AIRFLOW__CORE__DAGS_FOLDER, and SQL_ALCHEMY_CONN. Conditions determine values for specific environment variables based on configuration.
470	Retrieves secrets for the pod executor, populating a list with `Secret` objects from environment variables and secret references.
471	```plaintext
 Defines the security context for Kubernetes, setting `runAsUser` and `fsGroup` based on configuration, with a fallback for `fsGroup` when using git SSH keypair auth.
```
472	Retrieve Qubole command result page URL using operator and datetime inputs. Connect to Qubole, construct host URL, fetch QDS command ID, and return full URL if available.
473	Method updates job's heartbeat in the database, prevents overwriting, and manages job termination. Sleeps to maintain steady heart rate based on heartrate setting. Logs errors if exceptions occur.
474	Launch a process to process a given file, redirecting stdout/stderr to log, configuring the ORM engine, and returning the process.
475	```python
Starts the process and initiates DAG processing, setting the start time.
```
476	Check if the process is done. Return True if the process is finished, False otherwise.
477	Helper method to gracefully exit, logs the signal, terminates the processor agent if running, and exits with success status.
478	Records import errors for DAGs in a DagBag and clears errors for files without issues.
479	This method processes task instances for a given DAG by updating the state of active DAG runs, filtering out future runs and backfills, verifying their integrity, and queuing runnable tasks based on their dependencies.
480	The method `_change_state_for_tis_without_dagrun` changes the state of task instances in a simple dag bag that are in specified old states, setting them to a new state if the corresponding dag run does not exist or is not in the running state.
481	Get concurrency maps for given states. Returns dicts mapping (dag_id, task_id) to task instance counts.
482	Changes the state of given task instances to QUEUED atomically if they match the specified states, and returns the updated task instances in SimpleTaskInstance format.
483	Enqueues task instances with the executor, setting their priority and queue.
484	Attempts to execute TaskInstances that should be executed by the scheduler. Scans for executable TIs, changes their state atomically, and enqueues them in the executor.
485	Sets the state of queued tasks to SCHEDULED in the database to avoid hanging tasks.
486	This method processes executor events for a given DAG bag. It iterates through events, logs the status, and updates the TaskInstance if its state is QUEUED and the executor reports a FAILED or SUCCESS state. If the TaskInstance is missing from the database, it logs a warning. If the task state doesn't match the executor's report, it logs an error and handles the failure, potentially reloading the DAG to complete the transition.
487	Process a Python file to find and manage Airflow DAGs, pickle them if requested, update task instances, and handle import and zombie errors.
488	Updates the counters for tasks based on their state. Moves succeeded, skipped, and failed tasks from running to their respective sets. Retries tasks that are up for retry or reschedule. Reschedules tasks state set to NONE, logging a warning as a workaround.
489	Checks if the executor agrees with the state of task instances that are running, logs warnings if states don't match, and handles failures if the executor reports the task as finished but the task instance says it's still running or queued.
490	It returns a dag run for the given run date, either by finding an existing one or creating a new one. If the max_active_runs limit is reached, it returns None.
491	This method retrieves and processes task instances for a given DAG run. It first checks for orphaned tasks and resets their state. It then iterates through the task instances, scheduling any tasks in a NONE state and collecting task instances that are not removed into a dictionary. Finally, it returns the dictionary of task instances.
492	Computes dag runs and executes task instances for given run dates, returning executed dates.
493	Iterate through DAG runs, update state based on task instance, and set unfinished runs to failed.
494	Executes a DAG backfill for a specified date range, managing task execution, tracking progress, and handling concurrency limits.
495	Checks if the task is running internally and updates the task instance from the database. If the recorded hostname or process ID does not match the current instance, it raises an exception. If the state has been externally set to a non-running state, it terminates the task and sets the terminating flag.
496	Retrieves a Cloud Spanner client instance. Initializes it with the specified project ID and credentials if not already created. Returns the existing or new client.
497	Retrieves Cloud Spanner instance info; returns the instance object if it exists, otherwise returns None.
498	Applies a callable method to an instance, handling creation and error logging.
499	Creates a new Cloud Spanner instance using the specified parameters and applies a lambda function to create it.
500	Updates an existing Cloud Spanner instance with details such as configuration, node count, and display name. Project ID is optional.
501	Deletes a specified Cloud Spanner instance by ID, optionally specifying a project ID. Handles errors by logging and re-raising.
502	Retrieves a Cloud Spanner database by instance and ID, returns None if it does not exist.
503	### Summary:

The `create_database` method creates a new database in Cloud Spanner using the provided `instance_id` and `database_id`, and applies the given DDL statements. It checks if the instance exists, creates the database if it doesn't, and logs the result or error.
504	Updates DDL of a database in Cloud Spanner. Takes instance_id, database_id, ddl_statements, project_id (optional), and operation_id (optional) as parameters. Logs errors and raises exceptions as needed.
505	Drops a Cloud Spanner database by instance and database IDs, with an optional project ID. Raises an exception if the instance doesn't exist. Logs and returns the operation result.
506	def poke(self, context):
    Logs attachment poke attempt.
    Uses ImapHook to check for attachment.
    Returns True if attachment is present, False otherwise.
507	Merges additional_properties with language_hints and web_detection_params, creating a new parameter if necessary.
508	def get_conn(self): Returns a Cassandra session object if it exists and is not shutdown. Otherwise, it creates a new session and returns it.
509	Checks if a table exists in Cassandra.
510	Checks if a record exists in a Cassandra table based on given keys.
511	Construct and return a command to poll the status of a driver using Apache Spark. Include the Spark binary path, master URL, and driver ID. Log the command before returning it. Raise an exception if the driver ID is unknown.
512	Submits a Spark job using the `spark-submit` command, handles logging, environment variables, and checks the job's return code and driver status.
513	Processes Spark submit logs, extracts application ID for YARN and Kubernetes modes, stores exit code, and identifies driver ID for standalone mode. Logs all lines and captured information at appropriate levels.
514	Parses logs from a Spark driver status query, extracts the driver state, and logs each line.
515	```python
def get_task_runner(local_task_job):
    if _TASK_RUNNER == "StandardTaskRunner":
        return StandardTaskRunner(local_task_job)
    elif _TASK_RUNNER == "CgroupTaskRunner":
        return CgroupTaskRunner(local_task_job)
    else:
        raise AirflowException("Unknown task runner type {}".format(_TASK_RUNNER))
```
516	Try to use a waiter from a GitHub pull request to wait for a job execution to complete. If the waiter is not available, apply an exponential backoff using retries.
517	Queries MySQL using connection ID and executes SQL, returning a cursor.
518	Configure a CSV writer with a file handle and schema as headers.
519	Writes a BigQuery schema in JSON format to a temporary local file and returns information about the file to be uploaded.
520	Return a dict detailing column names and types from a schema, using JSON if provided as a string or a list. Handle unexpected schema types and missing column details gracefully.
521	Helper function to map MySQL field types to BigQuery field types. Returns 'STRING' for unknown types.
522	Executes a Sqoop job based on the provided context and command type ('import' or 'export'). Creates a SqoopHook instance and calls the appropriate method (import_table, import_query, or export_table) with the given parameters. Raises an exception if 'cmd_type' is not 'import' or 'export', or if both 'query' and 'table' are specified.
523	Saves operator lineage to XCom and sends it to the backend if configured
524	Deserializes the extra property if present using json.loads, handles exceptions by logging error.
525	Generate a list of dates based on a start date and either an end date, number of entries, or delta interval. Handles both datetime and cron expressions for delta.
526	Converts an array of time durations in seconds to a specified unit (minutes, hours, or days).
527	Return the current UTC datetime minus `n` days, defaulting to midnight.
528	Initializes the role with specific permissions and view-menus. If the role exists, it updates the permissions accordingly. If the role does not exist, it creates a new role with the given permissions and view-menus.
529	Delete a role by name, log the action, and commit the change; raise an exception if the role doesn't exist.
530	Get all roles associated with a user, defaulting to the current user if none provided. If the user is anonymous, return the public role; otherwise, return the user's roles.
531	This method returns a set of tuples containing permission names and view menu names for all roles of the user.
532	Check if a user has a specified role or list of roles. If not a list, convert to a list. Return True if any role in the list matches one of the user's roles.
533	Check if user has a specific permission by permission_name and view_menu_name. If not cached, rebuild permissions and check again.
534	Logs when cleaning faulty permissions starts, retrieves a session, queries for PermissionView records with missing permission or view_menu, deletes them, commits the session, and logs the number of deleted records.
535	Merges permission and view_menu into `ab_permission_view_role` if they don't exist. Adds related entries to `ab_permission` and `ab_view_menu` meta tables.
536	Adds missing permission-views to the Admin role in the database.
537	This method updates permissions for a DAG's ViewModel. It creates or updates permissions based on a provided access control dictionary, revoking stale permissions for non-admin roles, and ensuring only valid permissions are applied.
538	For each DAG VM and permission, merge the permission into the FAB security model.
539	Lazy load of Fernet key with fallback to NullFernet if not installed or invalid.
540	Method `poke` checks for a partition's existence in an AWS Glue Catalog table. It splits the `table_name` if it contains a dot, logs the operation details, and then uses a hook to verify the partition.
541	### Summary:
The `get_hook` method lazily initializes and returns an `AwsGlueCatalogHook` instance, creating it if it doesn't already exist, using the `aws_conn_id` and `region_name` attributes.
542	Check for message on subscribed queue and write to XCom the message with key 'messages'. Return True if message is available, False otherwise.
543	Returns a snakebite HDFSClient object based on the connection details and configuration settings.
544	Get an HDFS connection based on the security mode, try each connection, and return the first successful one or raise an exception if all fail.
545	Check if a given HDFS path exists by querying its status.
546	Uploads a local file or folder to HDFS using the specified destination path, with options for overwriting and parallel processing.
547	Establishes a connection to a Pinot broker using the `get_connection` method and `pinot_broker_conn_id`, then logs the connection details and returns the connection object.
548	Constructs a connection URI for a Pinot broker by combining the broker's host, port, connection type, and endpoint.
549	Converts a datetime.date object to a dictionary with 'DAY', 'MONTH', 'YEAR' keys.
550	Converts a datetime.time object to a dictionary with keys HOURS, MINUTES, and SECONDS.
551	Retrieves a Redis connection, initializes a Redis object if it doesn't already exist, and returns the connection.
552	Executes an SQL query using provided parameters and returns the result as a pandas DataFrame.
553	Executes a SQL command or list of commands, handling autocommit and parameters.
554	Sets the autocommit flag on the connection, logging a warning if the connection does not support autocommit and autocommit is enabled.
555	Summary:
Inserts rows into a database table, processing in batches and allowing replacement.
556	Converts a cell value to its SQL literal representation as a string. Handles None, datetime, and other types accordingly.
557	This method checks the health status of an Airflow instance by querying the latest heartbeat of the scheduler job. It determines the scheduler's health based on a configured threshold and returns the health status of both the metadatabase and the scheduler.
558	A restful endpoint that returns external links for a given Operator. It queries the operator for the links associated with a given external link name. Returns the URL if found, or an error message if not found.
559	Opens a connection to the cloudant service using the provided credentials and returns a context manager for the session.
560	Call SlackWebhookHook to post a message
561	This method retrieves Google API credentials based on provided key path, keyfile dictionary, and scope. It supports JSON key files and ensures the correct handling of scope and subject delegation.
562	Returns an authorized HTTP object using credentials to connect to Google Cloud services.
563	Decorator to catch HTTP exceptions and re-raise AirflowException with detailed error messages.
564	Decorator providing fallback for Google Cloud Platform project ID. If project is None, it uses project ID from service account the Hook is authenticated with. Project ID can be specified via project_id kwarg or as first parameter in positional args. Raises exception if project ID is not provided.
565	A method returning a list of states indicating a task is unfinished.
566	```python
def _prepare_command(self, cmd):
    """Constructs the Spark SQL command with various configurations and SQL execution options."""
```
567	Converts a PIL Image or numpy.ndarray to a tensor. Handles different image modes and normalizes pixel values if needed.
568	Normalizes a tensor image with given mean and standard deviation. Clones the tensor if not inplace. Adjusts each channel to have zero mean and unit variance.
569	Resizes a PIL Image to the specified size while maintaining aspect ratio based on the given interpolation method.
570	Pads a PIL image on all sides using specified fill value and padding mode.
571	Crop an image from the given PIL Image. Take coordinates (i, j) of the upper left corner, height (h), and width (w) of the cropped image as input. Returns the cropped image.
572	Crops an image at a specified coordinate and resizes it to the desired dimensions.
573	Horizontally flips a PIL Image.
574	def perspective(img, startpoints, endpoints, interpolation=Image.BICUBIC):
    return img.transform(img.size, Image.PERSPECTIVE, _get_perspective_coeffs(startpoints, endpoints), interpolation)
575	Vertically flips a PIL Image.
576	`Five crop` takes an image and a size, and returns five cropped versions: top left, top right, bottom left, bottom right, and center.
577	Adjusts the brightness of a PIL image using a given factor.
578	Adjusts the contrast of a PIL image using a given factor.
579	Increase or decrease the saturation of a PIL image by a specified factor, with 1 resulting in no change.
580	Adjusts the hue of an image by converting it to HSV, shifting the hue channel, and converting it back to the original mode. The hue shift is controlled by a factor in `[-0.5, 0.5]`.
581	Applies gamma correction to an image using a specified gamma value and gain. Converts the image to RGB, applies the gamma correction formula to adjust pixel intensities, and then returns the adjusted image in the original mode.
582	Rotates a PIL image by a specified angle, with options for resampling, expansion, and center of rotation.
583	Applies affine transformation to a PIL image, keeping the image center invariant.
584	Converts a PIL image to grayscale. If num_output_channels is 1, returns a single-channel image. If num_output_channels is 3, returns a 3-channel image with all color channels set to the same value.
585	Saves a tensor as an image file by converting it to a grid of images if it's a mini-batch tensor, and then normalizing, scaling, and clamping the values to [0, 255] before saving as a PNG file.
586	Finds class folders in a dataset by iterating through the specified directory, sorting the class names, and creating a dictionary mapping each class to its index. Ensures no class is a subdirectory of another.
587	Reads image files from a directory, extracts 64x64 patches, and returns a tensor of `n` patches.
588	Reads a file to extract labels and returns them as a Tensor.
589	Reads a matches file from a given directory, extracts 3D point IDs, and represents matches with 1s and non-matches with 0s, returning a LongTensor.
590	Computes accuracy for top k predictions.
591	This function redefines the built-in `print` function to enable printing only in the master process unless the `force` argument is `True`.
592	```python
def download_url(url, root, filename=None, md5=None):
    """Download a file from a URL and save it in a specified directory.

    Args:
        url (str): URL of the file to download.
        root (str): Directory where the file will be saved.
        filename (str, optional): Name to save the file under; uses URL basename if not provided.
        md5 (str, optional): MD5 checksum to verify the download; no verification if not provided.

    Returns:
        None
    """
```
593	List directories at a given root path, optionally prepending the path to each result.
594	List files with a given suffix in a directory, optionally prepending the path.
595	def download_file_from_google_drive(file_id, root, filename=None, md5=None):
    Download a Google Drive file by ID and save it to the specified root directory. If no filename is provided, use the file ID. Check MD5 checksum if provided and verify the download.
596	Get random crop parameters for a given image and output size. Returns top-left corner and dimensions of the crop.
597	Generate random distortion parameters for a perspective transform given an image's width and height.
598	Function to calculate random crop parameters given image, scale, and ratio constraints, defaulting to center crop if no valid random crop is found.
599	Generates a random image transformation by applying brightness, contrast, saturation, and hue adjustments in a random order.
600	Chooses random affine transformation parameters based on given ranges.
601	Download and extract a tarball, then download individual photos from a URL list.
602	Checks if MNIST data exists, downloads if not, processes, and saves as torch files.
603	Download EMNIST data if not already exists, extract zip, process images and labels, save as torch files, and clean up.
604	Requests theme name in order: override, cookies, settings; defaults to default_theme if not found.
605	Define and execute an autocompleter function, filter blocked engines, parse query, validate search query, retrieve autocomplete engine, run autocomplete, parse and prepare results, and return in JSON format.
606	def preferences():
    Handle POST request to save user preferences, or render the preferences page with form data and stats.
607	Returns list of available themes from templates directory, excluding '__common__' theme
608	Checks for search queries starting with '!' or '?', offering autocomplete suggestions based on engine and category names. If starting with ':', provides language code suggestions. Removes duplicates and queries already part of the input.
609	Deletes the first and last lines of a given string to extract a JSON object. Parses the JSON to get a conversion rate and constructs a formatted answer string. Creates a response dictionary with the answer and URL, then returns the list containing the dictionary.
610	This function `custom_gradient` embeds a custom gradient into a tensor using the formula `h(x) = stop_gradient(f(x)) + stop_gradient(g(x)) * (x - stop_gradient(x))`. It supports scalar and tensor-domain functions, and allows for partial custom gradients by manually applying `stop_gradient` to `fx` and `gx` when necessary. The function ensures that the returned tensor has a gradient of `stop_gradient(g(x))`.
611	Convenience function to create a MultivariateNormalDiag using tfd.Independent and tfd.Normal, reinterpreting the batch dimensions.
612	Computes the log-probability of the eight-schools model given treatment effects, their standard deviations, and hyperparameters.
613	Returns a dictionary with information about a benchmark run of Hamiltonian Monte Carlo on the eight-schools problem.
614	Decorator that replaces placeholders in a function's docstring with provided values.
615	```
def _simple_name(distribution):
  """Infer the original name of a Distribution instance.

  Args:
    distribution: a tfd.Distribution instance.
  Returns:
    simple_name: the original name passed to the Distribution.
  """
  name = distribution.name
  if name.endswith('/'):
    name = name.rsplit('/', 1)[0]
  parts = name.split('_')
  if parts[-1].isdigit():
    name = '_'.join(parts[:-1])
  return name
```
616	Creates a RandomVariable with the given distribution, sample_shape, and value, ignoring the provided name argument.
617	Wraps an existing distribution as a traceable random variable for use in Edward models, enabling custom distributions and interception of values.
618	Factory function for creating a random variable using a given distribution class. It intercepts the class and wraps its init method to add custom functionalities, such as handling `sample_shape` and `value` arguments and returning a `RandomVariable` object.
619	Compute predictive distributions for each timestep using samples from a model's parameter posterior.
620	Constructs a predictive distribution for future observations using samples from a model's posterior. Takes a time series model, observed data, parameter samples, and number of forecast steps. Returns a mixture distribution over forecasted observations.
621	Returns the maximum of `x` along `axis`, or `mask` if the maximum is not finite.
622	This method asserts that all elements of a numeric tensor `x` are finite, and raises an `InvalidArgumentError` if any element is not finite. If static checks indicate all elements are finite, it returns `x` directly. If dynamic checks fail, it asserts finite values using TensorFlow's control dependencies and returns `x` after the assertion.
623	Asserts that the rank of `x` is at most `rank`. Raises an error otherwise.
624	Computes event size from tensor shape, using numpy or TensorFlow operation.
625	Computes function values over a one-hot encoded distribution by reshaping the identity matrix and transposing the dimensions.
626	Return a convert-to-tensor function based on the input identifier, handling strings, dictionaries, properties, and callables.
627	Calculates the total number of parameters needed to create a mixture distribution based on the number of components and the size of parameters for each component.
628	Yields the top-most interceptor from the thread-local interceptor stack and handles its restoration.
629	Decorator that wraps a function, intercepting its execution and passing it to the current thread's interceptor. If no interceptor is found, the function executes immediately.
630	Context manager for recording interceptable operations onto a tape. Records operations if they are registered as `ed.interceptable` within the context manager. Yields an `OrderedDict` of recorded operations.
631	Generates synthetic binary classification data with customizable parameters. Randomly samples weights, bias, design matrix, and labels based on logistic model.
632	Visualizes decision boundaries for a binary classification problem in 2D space. Takes input features, labels, true weights and bias, candidate weights and biases, and a filename to save the plot. Adds a scatter plot of features, decision boundaries for candidate weights, and the true separator if specified, then saves the plot as a PNG file.
633	Builds a TensorFlow dataset iterator for supervised classification, repeating the data indefinitely and batching it into specified size, then returns features and labels as tensors.
634	Validate `map_values` if `validate_args` is True. Check if its rank is 1 and if its size is greater than 0. Also, ensure it is strictly increasing. Return assertions.
635	def trace(state, fn, num_steps, trace_fn): Run fn repeatedly, trace outputs, and return final state and traced outputs as a nested tensor.
636	Calls a transition operator with arguments, unpacking if args is a sequence.
637	Calls `fn`, computes gradients of its first output with respect to `args`, and returns the first output, extra output, and the gradients.
638	Takes two structures and broadcasts the first if it is a singleton to match the second structure's shape, then reconstructs the first's structure.
639	The function transforms a log-prob function using a bijector by forward-transforming the state, calling the original log-prob function, and adjusting the log-probability for the transformation. It returns the transformed log-prob function and, if an initial state is provided, its inverse-transformed version.
640	```python
It updates the state and momentum using leapfrog dynamics for a single step, calculating the kinetic energy and target log probability at each integration point. Returns the updated state, momentum, and auxiliary information.
```
641	Metropolis-Hastings step. Probabilistically selects between current and proposed states based on energy change to preserve detailed balance. Returns the chosen state, acceptance status, and random selection number.
642	def hamiltonian_monte_carlo(state, target_log_prob_fn, step_size, num_leapfrog_steps, momentum=None, kinetic_energy_fn=None, momentum_sample_fn=None, leapfrog_trace_fn=None, seed=None): The function implements the Hamiltonian Monte Carlo algorithm to sample from a target distribution. It initializes the momentum, computes the kinetic energy, and performs a series of leapfrog steps to generate a proposal state. The proposed state is then accepted or rejected using Metropolis-Hastings based on the energy change. The function returns the final state and the extra state containing acceptance information, proposed state, and leapfrog trace.
643	A function to adjust a control variable based on the sign of the difference between an output variable and a set point. It uses an adaptation rate to increase or decrease the control value as needed.
644	Creates a layer instance from a configuration dictionary, deserializing any function keys.
645	Convert to `Tensor` or return `None` if input is `None`.
646	Constructs a scaling operator from various components, including an identity multiplier, diagonal, and lower triangular matrix, incorporating low-rank updates if provided. Returns a `LinearOperator` or a floating point `Tensor` based on the input components.
647	def random_walk_normal_fn(scale, name=None):
  Returns a callable that adds a random normal perturbation to the input state parts.
648	Adds a uniform random perturbation to the input state parts.
649	Expands the rank of the input tensor by adding dimensions equal to the event rank using broadcasting.
650	Computes a lower bound on the entropy of a mixture model.
651	Applies log softmax if input is log_probs else softmax to self.cat.logits, then splits the result into num_components.
652	Validate shapes and values of outcomes, logits, and probs, appending assertions if validate_args is True.
653	Ensure TensorFlow is installed and version is sufficient. Raises ImportError if TensorFlow is not available or version is too low.
654	Bayesian logistic regression using Edward library to model coefficients as a multivariate normal distribution and labels as Bernoulli distributed with logits calculated from the dot product of features and coefficients.
655	The function loads the Covertype dataset, normalizes the features, appends a column of ones for the intercept, and binarizes the labels for a specific category.
656	Compute the Cholesky factor of the covariance matrix for a batch of vector random samples.
657	Estimates standard deviation along specified axis using sample variance formula.
658	Estimates variance using samples. Calculates sample mean and then computes the average of the squared differences from the mean. Output has reduced rank depending on the `sample_axis`.
659	Convert negative axis values to positive by adding the number of dimensions. Return a Python list if possible.
660	This function squeezes input tensor x by removing specified axes. If axis is None, all squeezable dimensions are removed. If axis is given, it adds zero to ensure it's at least 1D. It then calculates the axis to keep by removing the specified axis from the range of tensor dimensions. Finally, it reshapes the tensor by keeping only the specified dimensions.
661	Standardize input `x` by subtracting `self.loc` and dividing by `self.scale`.
662	Reconstructs input x from a normalized version z using the formula z * scale + loc.
663	Builds a 2x2 transition matrix for a semi-local linear trend model using TensorFlow.
664	def semilocal_linear_trend_transition_noise(level_scale,
                                            slope_mean,
                                            slope_scale,
                                            autoregressive_coef):
  """Builds a model for the transition noise of a semi-local linear trend."""
  # Calculates broadcast shapes and ones tensor.
  broadcast_batch_shape = dist_util.get_broadcast_shape(level_scale, slope_mean, slope_scale, autoregressive_coef)
  broadcast_ones = tf.ones(broadcast_batch_shape, dtype=level_scale.dtype)
  
  # Constructs the scale diagonal matrix.
  scale_diag = tf.stack([level_scale * broadcast_ones, slope_scale * broadcast_ones], axis=-1)
  
  # Computes the bias term for the noise.
  bias = tf.stack([tf.zeros_like(broadcast_ones), slope_mean * (1 - autoregressive_coef) * broadcast_ones], axis=-1)
  
  # Returns a multivariate normal distribution with the computed bias and scale.
  return tfd.MultivariateNormalDiag(loc=bias, scale_diag=scale_diag)
665	Generates samples from the Halton sequence in a specified dimension, with options for scrambling and specifying sequence indices.
666	Uniformly samples from permutations of specified degrees, generating a tensor of samples.
667	Generates starting points for the Halton sequence by converting input indices to 1-based and reshaping for further use.
668	Computes the number of terms in the place value expansion of a number `num` for multiple bases `bases`.
669	Returns sorted array of primes such that `2 <= prime < n` using a sieve algorithm.
670	Returns the machine epsilon for a given data type.
671	The Hager Zhang line search algorithm performs an inexact line search to find a step size that satisfies the Wolfe conditions for optimization problems. It uses a combination of gradient information and bracketing intervals to efficiently converge to the minimum. The algorithm also includes mechanisms to handle approximate Wolfe conditions when exact ones are difficult to satisfy on finite precision machines.
672	Shrinks an input step size by halving it in each iteration until the value and gradients become finite or the maximum iteration limit is reached.
673	Brackets the minimum and performs a line search by evaluating the given function along a specified direction or sequence of directions. The method uses the Hager-Zhang line search algorithm to find a point that satisfies Wolfe or approximate Wolfe conditions within a given number of iterations or until the interval brackets the minimum. Returns information about convergence, failure, and the updated bracketing interval.
674	```plaintext
The line search method after bracketing finds a suitable step size to ensure sufficient decrease and curvature conditions are met. It iteratively refines the search interval using the secant method and, if necessary, an inner bisection method. The process continues until convergence or the maximum number of iterations is reached.
```
675	Determines the midpoint of a search interval, evaluates the function at the midpoint, and updates the interval based on whether the midpoint is valid. If valid, updates the interval and performs a line search using Hager-Zhang method; otherwise, simply returns the updated interval.
676	def _prepare_args(value_and_gradients_function, initial_step_size, val_initial, val_0, approximate_wolfe_threshold):
  Prepares arguments for line search initialization by evaluating the function and its derivative at specific points.
  
  Returns:
    - Value and derivative at 0.
    - Value and derivative at initial step size.
    - Function value threshold for Wolfe conditions.
    - Number of evaluations.
677	Wrapper around `tf.Print` to support printing of lists and namedtuples by flattening them into a list of strings.
678	Gauss-Hermite quadrature scheme for SoftmaxNormal distribution, generating quadrature points and associated probabilities on a K-1 simplex.
679	Constructs a quadrature grid on a K-1 simplex using SoftmaxNormal quantiles. Generates grid points and their associated probabilities for a given normal distribution and quadrature size.
680	Checks if `param` is a vector and its last dimension is 1, raises errors if not, and returns `param`.
681	Infer batch_shape and event_shape for input tensors grid and endpoint_affine, considering aff.shift and aff.scale attributes.
682	Helper function that interpolates between two locations in a grid.
683	interpolates between two scales for a grid, supports only bimixtures
684	def linop_scale(w, op): Creates a weighted `LinOp` by scaling existing `LinOp` types such as `Identity`, `ScaledIdentity`, `Diag`, and `LowerTriangular`. If the provided `LinOp` type is not supported, it raises a `NotImplementedError`.
685	The method `concat_vectors` concatenates input vectors. If all vectors can be evaluated statically, it returns a flattened list of values. If not, it uses TensorFlow's `tf.concat` function to concatenate the vectors along the first axis.
686	Multiply tensor of vectors by matrices element-wise, sum along the second-to-last axis, and take the log of the sum.
687	def _log_matrix_vector(ms, vs):
  """Calculate log-sum-exp of matrix-vector product assuming log values."""
688	Multiply tensor of vectors by matrices by broadcasting and summing along the specified axis.
689	Reshape states and move log probability dimension.
690	Computes marginal probability distribution for each observable by iterating through hidden states using a transition matrix, logging the initial and forward probabilities, and then exponentiating the final log probabilities.
691	Compute marginal posterior distribution for each state in an HMM, using the forward-backward algorithm. Inputs: observations. Outputs: Categorical distribution representing the marginal probability of each state at each step.
692	Uses the Viterbi algorithm to compute the most likely sequence of hidden states given a sequence of observations for a hidden Markov model. Accepts an observations tensor and returns the most likely sequence of hidden states.
693	Returns a list of normalized random directions in the event space.
694	Applies slice sampling update by choosing a random direction and expanding a slice along that direction. Calculates step sizes, performs interpolation, and iteratively samples from the slice until successful. Returns proposed state, target log probability, slice bounds, and sampling direction.
695	Helper function to compute `fn_result` if needed, ensuring it is a Tensor with float dtype.
696	The `_right_pad` function pads a tensor `x` with ones to the right to increase its rank to `final_rank`. It calculates the necessary padding dimensions and reshapes `x` accordingly.
697	```python
def one_step(self, current_state, previous_kernel_results):
    """Runs one iteration of Slice Sampler algorithm.

    Args:
      current_state: Current state(s) of the Markov chain(s).
      previous_kernel_results: Results from previous iterations.

    Returns:
      next_state: Next state(s) after one iteration.
      kernel_results: Internal calculations used to advance the chain.

    Raises:
      ValueError: If step_size is invalid.
      TypeError: If target_log_prob is not a floating-point tensor.
    """
```
698	Builds a trainable posterior distribution over a parameter's support using a transformed-normal distribution, ensuring the event shape matches the parameter, and transforming the distribution to the parameter's constrained space.
699	Constructs a loss function for variational inference in STS models using KL divergence and Normal distributions, optimizing to minimize the negative ELBO.
700	This method defines a function to minimize a loss function using an optimizer within a TensorFlow graph. It initializes an Adam optimizer if none is provided, then runs a loop that repeatedly minimizes the loss function for a specified number of steps. The loop increments a step counter after each optimization step. Finally, it returns the operation that completes the minimization process.
701	Computes mean and variance of a time series tensor, excluding masked entries.
702	Get the first unmasked entry of each time series in a batch using TensorFlow operations.
703	Get broadcast batch shape from distributions, statically if possible, and fallback to dynamic.
704	Combine MultivariateNormal distributions into a factored joint distribution by concatenating independent samples. Uses broadcasted means and a block-diagonal covariance matrix.
705	Computes the sum of a list of MultivariateNormalDiag distributions, returning a new distribution with mean and covariance equal to the sums of the input distributions. Raises an error if any distribution is not MultivariateNormalDiag.
706	Compute and return empirical mean, standard deviation, and initial value of a time series after centering.
707	Ensures a tensor has a trailing dimension of size 1, adding one if necessary.
708	Converts a `Tensor`-like object to a canonical shape and optional mask. If input is a `MaskedTimeSeries`, extracts the `time_series` and `is_missing` attributes. Ensures the `observed_time_series` is a `Tensor` with shape `[..., num_timesteps, 1]`. Returns a `MaskedTimeSeries` namedtuple with the canonical `observed_time_series` and potentially updated `is_missing`.
709	Constructs a predictive normal distribution by mixing over posterior draws. Adjusts shapes to ensure the mixture distribution can combine the draws correctly.
710	`range` method calculates the difference between `high` and `low` attributes, optionally naming the operation.
711	Creates a summary statistic method, such as mean, mode, or stddev, ensuring that distributions are independent.
712	This function `_unify_call_signature` takes an index `i` and a distribution function `dist_fn` as input. If `dist_fn` is a distribution instance, it returns a wrapped function that simply calls `dist_fn` and `None` for the argument names. If `dist_fn` is not callable, it raises a `TypeError`. Otherwise, it retrieves the argument names of `dist_fn`, and returns a wrapped function that takes all previous distributions, reverses and truncates the arguments based on the positions, and calls `dist_fn` with them. The returned wrapped function and the argument names are returned.
713	Resolves distribution names based on argument names, filling in missing values with a leaf name.
714	Retrieves the required arguments of a function, excluding class methods and default arguments.
715	Calculates the sum of KL divergences between elemental distributions of two `JointDistributionSequential` objects, raises errors if they have different numbers of component distributions or if any distribution has dynamic dependencies.
716	Creates DIST_FN, DIST_FN_WRAPPED, and DIST_FN_ARGS from model. Raises TypeError if model is not list-like.
717	Resolves graph dependencies for distributions. Creates a tuple of tuples with distribution names and their dependencies. Handles default leaf name and ensures unique names.
718	Shannon entropy calculation in nats. Raises ValueError if any distribution depends on others. Summation of individual distribution entropies.
719	Decorator for methods requiring first argument within distribution support. Wraps method to assert argument is greater than or equal to `loc` if `validate_args` is `True`.
720	Definitely. Here's a concise, compressed summary of the method:

It clips input sequences to the [0, 1] range, selects a subset, concatenates them, and visualizes them as TensorBoard images.
721	This function visualizes a reconstruction of input images in TensorBoard. It takes original and reconstructed images, clips the reconstructed values between 0 and 1, concatenates them, and displays them as a summary.
722	Visualizes qualitative analysis of a model using reconstruction and generation, with options for static and dynamic priors and swaps.
723	Summarize the distribution's mean and stddev as histograms.
724	Summary:
Computes and summarizes the mean of a tensor in nats and bits per unit.
725	Runs the model to generate a multivariate normal distribution with the given location and scale diagonal.
726	Creates an initial state for an LSTM cell with zeroed previous output and cell state tensors.
727	Generates a MultivariateNormalDiag distribution for a single timestep using the output of an LSTM cell, parameterizing it with the inputs and state.
728	Reshapes input, applies convolution layers, and reshapes output.
729	Generate sequences by sampling from priors and passing them to a decoder.
730	Reconstructs input sequences by sampling from latent distributions and swapping or fixing latent variables. Returns a batched Independent distribution of reconstructions.
731	samples, batch_size, fixed) to draw from latent distribution. Returns a tuple of a sample tensor and a MultivariateNormalDiag distribution.
732	This method generates samples from a dynamic latent prior. The user specifies the number of samples, batch size, and sequence length. It returns a tensor of samples and a distribution object representing the sampled data. The method supports fixed samples across all sequences.
733	tf.TensorShape of all model parameters by broadcasting their batch shapes
734	Returns the broadcast batch shape of all model parameters.
735	Creates a `LinearGaussianStateSpaceModel` distribution object by specifying the number of timesteps and optionally providing parameter values, an initial state prior, and an initial step.
736	Samples from the joint prior over model parameters and trajectories, returning sampled trajectories and parameter values.
737	Computes the minimum number of event dimensions for a list of bijectors. If `compute_forward` is True, it calculates for a forward call to `Chain`, otherwise for an inverse call. The function considers the impact of rank-changing bijectors on dimensionality.
738	Converts vector size to square matrix size, checking if vector length is a triangular number.
739	sorts values along specified axis in ascending or descending order using NumPy and returns the indices that would sort the array
740	Sorts values in a specified axis in either ascending or descending order using NumPy. handles both ascending and descending directions, and optionally uses a stable sorting algorithm.
741	computes the Gaussian distribution function value for input tensor `x` using the error function and returns the result as a tensor with the same data type.
742	Computes the normalized Gaussian cumulative distribution function using polynomial approximation.
743	Computes the inverse of the CDF of the Normal distribution for a given probability `p`, using a piece-wise rational approximation. Raises a TypeError if input `p` is not of float32 or float64 type.
744	def log_ndtr(x, series_order=3, name="log_ndtr"):
  """Calculates log of Normal distribution function using series approximation."""
  # Validate inputs
  if not isinstance(series_order, int):
    raise TypeError("series_order must be an integer.")
  if series_order < 0:
    raise ValueError("series_order must be non-negative.")
  if series_order > 30:
    raise ValueError("series_order must be <= 30.")
  
  # Set segments based on data type
  dtype = x.dtype
  if dtype == tf.float64:
    lower_segment = LOGNDTR_FLOAT64_LOWER
    upper_segment = LOGNDTR_FLOAT64_UPPER
  elif dtype == tf.float32:
    lower_segment = LOGNDTR_FLOAT32_LOWER
    upper_segment = LOGNDTR_FLOAT32_UPPER
  else:
    raise TypeError("x.dtype=%s is not supported." % dtype)
  
  # Calculate log_ndtr using conditional logic and series approximation
  return tf.where(
      tf.greater(x, upper_segment),
      -_ndtr(-x),
      tf.where(
          tf.greater(x, lower_segment),
          tf.math.log(_ndtr(tf.maximum(x,
745	Calculates the asymptotic series used in log_ndtr.
746	The `erfinv` function computes the inverse of the error function (`erf`) for a given `Tensor` input `x` of type `float32` or `float64`. It first ensures `x` is a `Tensor` and validates its data type. The function then calculates and returns the inverse error function value, scaled by the square root of 2.
747	Calculates the log of the Cumulative Density Function (CDF) for the Laplace distribution using different formulas depending on the value of x to ensure numerical stability.
748	Jointly calculates the log probability of observed count data given Poisson rates and a uniform variable.
749	This code benchmarks Hamiltonian Monte Carlo (HMC) for a text-messages posterior. It sets up a synthetic dataset, defines an unnormalized log posterior, and uses HMC to sample parameters, updating step size. The method evaluates the acceptance rate and timing, returning results.
750	Returns True if the given index_points would yield a univariate marginal, meaning the number of index points is 1. Defaults to True if the number of index points cannot be determined statically.
751	Computes the marginal distribution of a Gaussian process over function values at given index points. Returns a `Normal` distribution if a single index point is provided and a `MultivariateNormalLinearOperator` distribution if multiple index points are provided.
752	Return `index_points` if not `None`, else `self._index_points`. Raise ValueError if both are `None`.
753	Creates a stacked IAF bijector with alternating IAF and swap layers.
754	Proceeds one iteration of NeuTra, updating state and kernel results based on previous values.
755	Trains a bijector and initializes kernel results using the given state.
756	Computes the element-wise squared difference between the input tensors x and y.
757	Computes the value and batch jacobian of a scalar function at a given input, supporting both eager and graph execution modes.
758	Keeps tensor value and first derivative, raises LookupError on second derivative computation.
759	Applies conditional CDFs to transform mixture samples into a sample of product of Uniform[0, 1] distributions.
760	Splits a covariance matrix into block-diagonal marginals based on given block sizes.
761	```
def decompose_posterior(model, means, covs, param_samples):
  """Decomposes a joint posterior of an additive STS model into components.

  Args:
    model: An `AdditiveStateSpaceModel`.
    means: Posterior means tensor.
    covs: Posterior covariance tensor.
    param_samples: Parameter samples.

  Returns:
    A dictionary of posterior marginal distributions for each model component.
  """
```
762	Decomposes an observed time series by breaking it down into contributions from each component of a structural time series model. computes posterior marginals for the model's latent space, decomposes these into component blocks, and maps them back through each component's observation model to generate a time series modeled by that component. returns a dictionary of distributions representing the posterior marginal distributions on the process modeled by each component.
763	Decomposes a forecast distribution into contributions from each component in a structural time series model.
764	Converts a dense tensor to a sparse tensor, dropping entries equal to a specified ignore value.
765	Defers an operator overload to an attribute, returning a function that calls the operator attribute with the first argument's value and additional arguments.
766	Converts a tensor's numpy value to a human-readable string, optionally using repr if is_repr is True. Handles unprintable tensor types by returning "<unprintable>". Ensures the output starts with a newline character if the text contains one.
767	Samples the shape of a random variable as a `TensorShape`. Returns the static value if `_sample_shape` is a `tf.Tensor`, otherwise returns `_sample_shape` as is.
768	Get the sample shape of a random variable as a 1-D tensor.
769	Return the tensor that the random variable corresponds to, either by sampling from the distribution or returning the cached value. If sampling is not implemented, raise an error.
770	def eval(self, session=None, feed_dict=None):
    """Computes and returns the value of this random variable in a session.

    Args:
      session: `tf.Session`. The session to use, or the default one if not provided.
      feed_dict: dict. A dictionary mapping tensors to feed values.

    Returns:
      Value of the random variable.
    """
771	Converts eager tensor to NumPy array
772	Computes the posterior distribution for the unknown mean `loc` of a Normal distribution, given a conjugate prior and known scale of the observations.
773	Builds a scale-and-shift function using a multi-layer neural network. Wraps the function in a template to ensure variables are created only once. Takes `d`-dimensional input and returns `D-d` dimensional outputs for shift and log-scale terms. Does not support conditioning.
774	Returns points uniformly distributed on unit hypersphere. Uses normal distribution to generate raw samples and normalizes them while preserving batch shape.
775	Calculates the unnormalized log density of a correlation matrix using the LKJ distribution, employing either `logdet` or `slogdet` for determinant computation based on input configuration.
776	Calculates the log normalization of an LKJ distribution using a formula from a specific source.
777	Function that returns an explicit dtype from a list or nest of arguments if it exists, or a preferred dtype if none are explicit. Raises TypeError if incompatible dtypes are found. Returns the appropriate numpy dtype if a compatible explicitly dtype is found, otherwise returns the preferred dtype.
778	```python
Factory function for creating summary statistics like mean, stddev, and mode.
```
779	Broadcast a tensor to match the shape of a list of target tensors by adding zeros_like each target tensor.
780	Pdf at peak is the difference between peak and low values divided by the difference between high and low values.
781	Estimates the effective sample size (ESS) for each independent chain in a set of states. ESS is the size of an independent sample with the same variance as the states. The function can filter the auto-correlation sequence based on a threshold and/or a beyond-lag value. If `states` is a list, the function returns a list of ESS values for each chain.
782	Calculate effective sample size for a single state tensor using auto-correlation. Filters beyond a specified lag or by a threshold and then computes ESS based on the auto-correlation values.
783	Computes the potential scale reduction for a single state tensor in MCMC chains.
784	Return the size of axis as a tensor of type x.dtype
785	Broadcasts a listable secondary_arg to match the length of states. If secondary_arg is not list-like, it repeats it to match the length of states. Raises a ValueError if secondary_arg is a list of a different length than states.
786	Constructs quadrature points and weights for lognormal distribution using Gauss-Hermite quadrature.
787	Compute quadrature points using LogNormal quantiles for positive-reals. Returns grid and probabilities for a Poisson distribution.
788	Merges inputs from a `Mapping` instance with the current instance, updating tensors and kwargs accordingly. Raises an error if both individual args and a `Mapping` instance are provided.
789	Remove the value of a specified field from a _Mapping object, setting it to None if the field matches "x" or "y".
790	Merges two values, preferring new if not None, raising ValueError if not equal.
791	Converts nested dictionaries and lists into nested tuples
792	Computes left doubling increments for an interval to find a superset of the true slice. Doubles interval width randomly on each step, adjusts left end point correspondingly. Returns sequence of left increments and widths for specified number of doublings per chain.
793	Finds the index of the earliest set of bounds outside the slice for each chain and, if none, the index of the widest set.
794	Calculates bounds for slice sampling by doubling an interval until the target log probability is met. Returns upper and lower bounds and whether both are valid.
795	Samples from a slice using doubling and shrinkage for rejected points, ensuring acceptance criteria are met.
796	Applies one-dimensional slice sampling to evolve a Markov chain from an initial state. Uses a target log probability function and step size to find slice bounds and sample the next state.
797	def make_value_setter(**model_kwargs):
  Creates a function to set values of Edward2 random variable objects based on provided model keyword arguments.
798	```python
def make_log_joint_fn(model):
  """Takes a probabilistic model and returns its log joint function.

  Args:
    model: A callable representing the probabilistic model.

  Returns:
    A function that calculates the log joint probability of the model's variables given the observed data.
  """
```
799	Filters `src_kwargs` to include only arguments compatible with function `f`'s signature.
800	Function defines a VGG convolution block. Takes input tensor, number of filters, kernel size, stride, and kernel posterior function. Applies two convolutional layers with same padding, batch normalization, and ReLU activation. Ends with max pooling.
801	Builds a binary search-like tree to explore the state space for HMC/NUTS. recursively builds trees of depth `depth`, takes alternating steps forward and backward, proposes new states, and decides whether to continue the trajectory based on U-turns and simulation error.
802	Wraps function to check for None gradients and raises error if found.
803	Function determines if two states and momentum do not form a U-turn by checking if the dot product of their differences and momentum is positive.
804	Leapfrog integration step for MCMC. Updates state and momentum using gradients of target log prob.
805	Calculates the log-joint probability by adding the current target log-probability and the momentum log-probability, where the momentum log-probability is computed as the negative sum of half the squares of each momentum component.
806	Generates Bernoulli-distributed samples based on given probabilities.
807	creates a function that generates `loc` and `scale` parameters for a distribution, with options to customize initializers, regularizers, and constraints.
808	Creates a callable to generate `tfd.Normal` distributions with trainable parameters.
809	Creates multivariate standard `Normal` distribution.
810	```python
Deserializes a Keras-serialized function based on its type.
```
811	Functions are serialized by returning either their bytecode or name, along with their type (lambda or function).
812	Broadcasts `from_structure` to match the structure of `to_structure`. If `from_structure` is a singleton, it is tiled to match the `to_structure` without copying elements. Returns the new structure with broadcasted values.
813	_recursively converts a nested structure to a tensor using `_maybe_convertible_to_tensor` and `nest.map_structure_up_to`_
814	Converts user-provided arguments to Tensors, optionally enforcing a dtype structure.
815	Calls a callable with provided arguments, expanding them if necessary.
816	Returns a dictionary of Tensor attributes related to shape and Python builtins, enabling Tensor semantics and overloading operators.
817	Creates a mixture of Gaussians prior distribution with a specified number of components and latent size. Returns a random prior distribution for encodings.
818	Converts a batch of images into a single image grid with specified number of rows and columns
819	Downloads a file from a URL to a specified directory. If the file already exists, it returns the filepath. If the directory does not exist, it creates the directory before downloading the file. Prints the download progress. Returns the final filepath of the downloaded file.
820	def build_fake_input_fns(batch_size): Generates fake MNIST-style data for unit testing. Returns train_input_fn and eval_input_fn, both providing batched datasets with random samples.
821	`_validate_block_sizes` checks if the `block_sizes` vector matches the length of the `bijectors` list. If `validate_args` is True, it raises an error if the shapes don't match using assertions. If `validate_args` is False, it returns the `block_sizes` as is.
822	Verifies that `parts` don't broadcast; raises error if broadcasting is detected, except when `validate_args` is `False`.
823	Constructs a trainable `tfd.MultivariateNormalTriL` distribution using input tensor x and specified dimensions.
824	Constructs a trainable Bernoulli distribution parameterized by logits. Takes input `x` and a transformation function `layer_fn` to compute logits. Defaults to linear transformation using `tf.layers.dense`. Returns a `tfd.Bernoulli` distribution.
825	Constructs a trainable 
`tfd.Normal` distribution parameterized by `loc` and `scale` using specified transformation functions and default values for `scale_fn` and `loc_fn`.
826	Constructs a trainable Poisson distribution using input features and optionally custom layer and log rate functions.
827	Applies one step of Euler-Maruyama method to generate a proposed state by adding drift and scaled random draw to the current state.
828	Compute diffusion drift using Euler-Maruyama method, incorporating step size, volatility, and gradients.
829	Helper function to compute the log acceptance-correction for a Metropolis-Hastings kernel, using a normal proposal density and the Euler-Maruyama method. It calculates the difference in log densities between the proposed and current states.
830	Helper function that computes `volatility_fn` results and gradients if needed. Handles broadcasting, shape adjustments, and gradient computation.
831	Helper function to broadcast `volatility_parts` to match the shape of `state_parts` by adding zeros of the same data type.
832	Constructs a transition matrix for an autoregressive StateSpaceModel by combining coefficients with an identity matrix, effectively shifting previous values down by one dimension and forgetting the least recent value.
833	Computes the `sample_shape` of a tensor `x` by determining the dimensions of the batch, event, and sample axes, and then subtracting the batch and event dimensions from the total dimensions of `x` to obtain the sample dimensions. Returns both the dynamic and static `sample_shape`.
834	Calls function `fn` after reshaping input `x` to include batch and event shapes, then reshapes output to remove these shapes.
835	Calls function `fn` with optional `extra_kwargs`, reshapes its output to match specified event shapes, and sets static shape if known.
836	Computes the binomial cumulative distribution function using `tf.math.betainc` with a safe workaround to handle cases where `k == n`.
837	Executes a model to generate samples and distributions, collecting both in lists. Uses a seed stream for consistent sampling and iterates through the model's outputs, updating the seed and collecting samples until the model stops iterating. Returns the collected distributions and samples.
838	Latent Dirichlet Allocation model that generates a bag of words by sampling topics and their corresponding word probabilities.
839	This function creates a variational distribution for Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA). It takes an activation function, the number of topics, and a list of layer sizes as input. The function returns a variational distribution over topics, computed using a neural network encoder.
840	Returns topic summaries.

  - Topics based on highest prior weight.
  - Displays words per topic.
  - Uses mergesort for stable sorting.
  - Returns np.array of topic strings.
841	Constructs a tf.data.Dataset from the 20 newsgroups dataset, converting word IDs into a sparse matrix and mapping each document to a dense TensorFlow tensor. Handles shuffling and repeating for training.
842	def build_fake_input_fns(batch_size):
  Creates fake data for unit testing.
  Returns train_input_fn, eval_input_fn, and vocabulary.
843	def build_input_fns(data_dir, batch_size):
    Reads vocabulary, creates word index mapping. Defines train and eval input functions using TensorFlow Datasets, batches, and prefetches data. Returns iterators and vocabulary mapping.
844	minimize: Hessian-informed proximal gradient descent for regularized minimization.
845	function to update codebook using EMA and control dependencies
846	Saves a grid of images to a PNG file using matplotlib.
847	def visualize_training(images_val, reconstructed_images_val, random_images_val,
                        log_dir, prefix, viz_n=10):
Helper method to save images visualizing model reconstructions. Saves input images, reconstructed images, and optionally random samples from the prior.
848	Downloads MNIST dataset, parses binary strings to boolean tensors, reshapes to 28x28, and returns float32 tensors with label 0.
849	Converts a dtype to a numpy dtype.
850	Converts a `dtype` to its base non-reference type using `tf.as_dtype` and returns the base type if it exists.
851	Checks if a data type is boolean using `tf.as_dtype` and `np.dtype`. Returns `True` if the data type is boolean, otherwise `False`.
852	Determines if a data type is complex by using TensorFlow's `as_dtype` and checking if it has the `is_complex` attribute, or by comparing it to NumPy's complex data type.
853	Returns the maximum representable value for a given data type using TensorFlow and NumPy.
854	Returns the string name of a dtype.
855	def size(dtype): Returns the number of bytes to represent a given data type.
856	Asserts all items are of the same base type, raising a ValueError if not. Returns the validated type or None if no items or expected type is provided.
857	This function validates and returns a float data type based on input tensors and an optional dtype. It checks if all tensors are of the same type, compares it with the provided dtype if given, and ensures the type is floating point. If neither tensors nor dtype are provided, it defaults to float32. It raises an error if the type is not valid.
858	Nelder Mead simplex algorithm for unconstrained minimization of a function.
859	Nelder-Mead algorithm one step updates a simplex by reflecting, expanding, contracting, or shrinking vertices based on the objective function values. It checks for convergence and applies appropriate transformations to improve the simplex.
860	```python
Returns a function that replaces the worst vertex with a reflected vertex in a simplex.
```
861	Creates a function to perform an expansion step in the simplex algorithm.
862	def _outside_contraction_fn(objective_function, simplex, objective_values, face_centroid, best_index, worst_index, reflected, objective_at_reflected, contraction, shrinkage, batch_evaluate_objective): Creates a condition function pair for an outside contraction. Returns a function that performs a contraction by updating the simplex and objective values based on whether the contracted point is acceptable.
863	Shrinks the simplex towards the best vertex, calculates new objectives, and returns the updated simplex and its objectives.
864	Replaces an element at a specified index in a tensor.
865	Returns True if the simplex has converged based on either objective function variation or simplex degeneracy.
866	Computes initial simplex, objective values, and evaluates the objective function. Handles different scenarios for providing initial simplex and vertex, ensuring mutual exclusivity and correct evaluation. Returns tuple containing dimension, number of vertices, simplex, objective values, and number of evaluations. Raises ValueError for invalid input combinations.
867	Converts initial simplex to tensor, calculates dimensions, and evaluates objective function if not provided. Returns problem dimensions, number of vertices, initial simplex, objective values, and number of evaluations.
868	Constructs a standard axes-aligned simplex for an optimization problem, evaluates the objective function at its vertices, and returns relevant data.
869	Evaluates an objective function on a batch of points. Returns the function values and the number of evaluations. Uses `tf.map_fn` if batch evaluation is not possible.
870	Save a PNG plot with histograms of weight means and stddevs.
871	Plot holds out prediction visualizing uncertainty using input images and Monte Carlo samples.
872	Builds fake MNIST data for testing with specified number of examples.
873	Combines initializer configurations, sizes, and validation arguments into a JSON-serializable dictionary.
874	Instantiates an initializer from a config dict using `tf.compat.v2.initializers.deserialize`.
875	Wraps np.matmul for backend compatibility, handling transposes and adjoints.
876	Computes variance or covariance using the Student's t-distribution formula, handling cases where degrees of freedom (df) are less than or equal to 2 to avoid infinite results.
877	Updates a `tf.Variable` to approximate the log of the exponentially weighted moving mean of an exponential value in a numerically stable and lock-free manner.
878	Converts non-scalar input to columnar form
879	Generates a tensor of shape `shape` with values `-1` or `+1`, chosen uniformly at random.
880	Generates a tensor of positive reals drawn from a Rayleigh distribution.
881	chooses cond_true if pred is true, otherwise chooses cond_false
882	Computes the log probability for one element of the inverse image by rotating dimensions, evaluating the distribution's log probability, adjusting for an inverse log determinant, and handling event dimension overrides.
883	def _finish_prob_for_one_fiber(self, y, x, ildj, event_ndims, **distribution_kwargs):
Calculate the probability of an element in the inverse image by rotating dimensions, computing the probability using a distribution, applying an inverse log determinant adjustment, and adjusting the shape if necessary.
884	Helper function rotates the event dimensions of a tensor left or right based on a condition.
885	Computes the inverse of batch normalization by rescaling and recentering the input tensor.
886	Ensure a layer is a valid BatchNormalization instance and does not use renormalization or virtual batch sizes.
887	Extends param shape, calculates batch-sliced indices, and applies slicing to the parameter tensor.
888	Computes a dictionary of sliced parameters for a distribution.
889	Applies a single slicing step to `dist`, returning a new instance. If the slice is Ellipsis, it creates an empty override dictionary. Otherwise, it converts slices to a dictionary. It then updates this dictionary with `params_overrides`. Finally, it creates a new instance of `dist` with the updated parameters and returns it.
890	def _apply_slice_sequence(dist, params_event_ndims, slice_overrides_seq):
  Applies a sequence of slice or copy-with-overrides operations to `dist`.
891	Applies batch slicing to a TensorFlow distribution.
892	Runs multiple Fisher scoring steps to fit model coefficients using the provided parameters and convergence criteria.
893	A function that returns a callable to determine if a fitting procedure has converged based on the relative Euclidean norm of the model coefficients changing between iterations.
894	Helper function to `fit` that sanitizes and processes input arguments including converting tensors, handling default values, and ensuring consistency in data types and shapes. Returns sanitized versions of the input tensors.
895	```python
def num_cols(x): 
  """Returns the number of columns in a given tensor."""
```
896	Wraps a function, preferring a static version when inputs are static. Checks if the signature of the original and static functions are the same. Uses a decorator to wrap the original function, and if all arguments are static, it calls the static function instead; otherwise,_it calls the original function.
897	Wraps `new_fn` with the docstring of `original_fn`, ensuring the argument specifications match.
898	A helper function that statically evaluates a predicate `pred`, which can be a Tensor, Python bool, or 1/0, returning its boolean value.
899	Computes rank from a tensor's shape, handling both callable and non-callable `shape_tensor_fn` inputs.
900	```
Dynamic if-else logic that attempts to statically evaluate conditions.
```
901	Helper function for standardizing op scope using TensorFlow.
902	Computes the standard deviation of a mixture distribution given the weights, means, and standard deviations of its components. Reshapes input tensors for batched vectorized dot products and calculates the weighted average of means, variances, and squared means to derive the mixture variance, finally returning its square root as the standard deviation.
903	Creates a LinearOperator representing a lower triangular matrix using provided scale terms. Handles various input combinations and validates properties like positivity if required.
904	Creates a LinearOperator representing a diagonal matrix based on provided arguments. Adjusts the diagonal and identity matrix scaling as specified. Validations and assertions can be enabled for correctness checks.
905	Determines batch and event shapes from location and scale tensors.
906	Determines if a given `LinearOperator` scale is diagonal by checking its instance type against known diagonal classes.
907	Helper function to validate scalar distribution properties. Checks if distribution is scalar, reparameterized, and has expected dtype. Returns assertions for dynamic checks if validate_args is True.
908	Pads dimensions of input tensor `x` to match those of `categorical_distribution` for broadcasting purposes.
909	Pick the appropriate value between true_value and false_value based on the scalar predicate. If the predicate can be evaluated statically, return the static value, otherwise use tf.where to evaluate both branches and return the result.
910	Moves a single tensor dimension within its shape, converting indices if necessary and using permutations to achieve the desired order.
911	Ensures x is a non-negative tensor, optionally checking for integer values.
912	Definitely, here is a concise summary of the provided `same_dynamic_shape` method:

---

**same_dynamic_shape(a, b):** Checks if two tensors `a` and `b` have the same dynamic shape. Returns a boolean tensor indicating the result.

**Input:** Two tensors `a` and `b`.

**Output:** A boolean tensor 표시 `a` 和 `b` 的动态形状是否相同。

---

Please let me know if you need further assistance!
913	Extracts a static value from a tensor, optionally casting to a specified dtype. Returns the value if static, otherwise None.
914	Returns True if the input dtype is known to be unsigned, otherwise False.
915	Returns True if the input dtype is known to be signed.
916	Helper function to find the largest integer exactly representable by a given data type.
917	The `_smallest_integer_by_dtype` function returns the smallest integer exactly representable by a given data type `dt`. If `dt` is an unsigned data type recognized by `_is_known_unsigned_by_dtype`, it returns 0. Otherwise, it returns the negative of the largest integer representable by `dt`, as determined by `_largest_integer_by_dtype`.
918	Helper function to determine if a dtype is integer-like, including integers and booleans.
919	Checks that the number of classes in a categorical distribution does not exceed the maximum representable integer for its data type, ensuring precision during casting operations.
920	Multinomial coefficient calculation using logarithms. Calculates the number of ways to distribute `n` items into `k` classes based on `counts`. Uses log-gamma function for efficient computation.
921	## rotate_transpose(x, shift, name="rotate_transpose") ##

Rotates the dimensions of a given tensor circularly by a number of specified positions. This function checks and normalizes the shift within the bounds of the tensor's rank and performs a transpose accordingly. If shift is negative, dimensions are rotated to the left, and if positive, to the right.
922	```python
def pick_vector(cond, true_vector, false_vector, name="pick_vector"):
    """Selects a vector based on the condition."""
    with tf.name_scope(name):
        cond = tf.convert_to_tensor(cond, dtype_hint=tf.bool)
        true_vector = tf.convert_to_tensor(true_vector)
        false_vector = tf.convert_to_tensor(false_vector)
        
        if true_vector.dtype != false_vector.dtype:
            raise TypeError("dtypes must match")

        if cond.dtype != tf.bool:
            raise TypeError("cond must be bool")

        cond_value_static = tf.get_static_value(cond)
        if cond_value_static is not None:
            return true_vector if cond_value_static else false_vector

        return tf.slice(
            tf.concat([true_vector, false_vector], 0),
            [tf.where(cond, 0, tf.shape(true_vector)[0])],
            [tf.where(cond, tf.shape(true_vector)[0], -1)]
        )
```
923	Convenience function to broadcast shapes statically if possible, then dynamically otherwise. Handles `TensorShape` and `Tensor` inputs.
924	Generate a new seed by hashing the concatenation of the given seed (as a string) and a salt, then converting the first 8 characters of the hex digest to an integer and applying a bitwise AND with 0x7FFFFFFF. If the seed is None, return None.
925	Creates a tridiagonal matrix using specified elements above, below, and on the diagonal. Constructs the matrix by padding and adding respective diagonal components. Raises error if all inputs are None.
926	Returns the size of a specific dimension of a TensorFlow tensor, using static shape if available, or falling back to dynamic shape.
927	Validates and processes a quadrature grid and probabilities, computing them if not provided.
928	def parent_frame_arguments():
  "Returns caller's function arguments as a dictionary."
  # Returns pos and keyword args, excluding varargs.
  # Call at function start to avoid arg name overloads.
929	Transforms a 0-D or 1-D Tensor to be 1-D, handling rank adjustments and validation.
930	Returns `output_tensor` after running all operations in `dependencies`. If running eagerly, returns `output_tensor` as is. Ensures `output_tensor` is a `Tensor` or `IndexedSlices` and creates a control dependency.
931	Checks if `rightmost_transposed_ndims` is a valid integer scalar. Raises errors if it's not an integer, has a rank other than 0, or is negative. Returns assertions if `validate_args` is True.
932	Checks if the input tensor `perm` is a valid permutation vector and raises errors or adds assertions accordingly.
933	@Title:_event_shape @Inputs:shape, static_perm_to_shape @Helpers:tf.get_static_value, tensorshape_util.rank @Output:tf.TensorShape or shape Modify shape based on rightmost_transposed_ndims and perm
934	def concatenate(x, other): Returns the concatenation of the dimensions in `x` and `other`.
935	Returns a list of dimension sizes or None if shape's rank is unknown. Converts input to tf.TensorShape and extracts dims or maps dimension values if known.
936	Merges two tensor shapes elementwise, combining their dimensions according to `tf.Dimension.merge_with()`. Raises ValueError if shapes are incompatible.
937	Returns a shape based on x with at least the given rank. If x does not represent a shape with at least the given rank, raises a ValueError.
938	Check shapes match, statically if possible
939	Augments a sample shape to ensure compatibility with a given batch shape by broadcasting any additional dimensions.
940	Builds a callable for backward smoothing, updating a state object from timestep t to t-1 using a transition matrix and filtering parameters.
941	Backward update for a Kalman smoother. Given forward filter results and transition matrix, calculates backward smoothed distribution parameters.
942	Builds a callable for updating a KalmanFilterState object by incorporating an observation and transitioning to the next time step.
943	```python
This function performs the conjugate update for a linear Gaussian model. Given a normal prior on a latent variable `z` and an observation `x`, it calculates the posterior distribution `p(z|x)` using the Kalman filter equations.
```
944	Propagate a filtered mean and covariance through a transition model using the transition matrix and noise, returning the predicted mean and covariance.
945	def build_kalman_mean_step: Build a callable performing one step of Kalman mean recursion.

args: Functions to retrieve matrices and noises for each timestep.

returns: Callable computing latent and observation means at time `t`, given latent mean at time `t-1`.
946	Builds a callable for one step of Kalman covariance recursion, computing latent and observation covariance at time t given latent covariance at time t-1.
947	def build_kalman_sample_step(get_transition_matrix, get_transition_noise, get_observation_matrix, get_observation_noise, full_sample_and_batch_shape, stream, validate_args=False):
  """Builds a callable for one step of Kalman filtering.

  Args:
    get_transition_matrix: func for transition matrix at timestep.
    get_transition_noise: func for transition noise at timestep.
    get_observation_matrix: func for observation matrix at timestep.
    get_observation_noise: func for observation noise at timestep.
    full_sample_and_batch_shape: Desired shape of samples.
    stream: SeedStream for generating random seeds.
    validate_args: Enable runtime error checking.

  Returns:
    sample_step: callable to sample next state and observation given current state.
  """
948	.propagate_mean(mean, linop, dist) transforms the mean through a linear operation and adds the mean of a distribution, broadcasting the latter.
949	### Propagate covariance through linear Gaussian transformation.
950	This method performs the backward pass in a Kalman smoother using the Rauch, Tung, and Striebel smoother algorithm. It takes in the filtered means, filtered covariances, predicted means, and predicted covariances as inputs, and returns the posterior means and posterior covariances. The method uses TensorFlow operations to manipulate the tensors and implement the backwards pass in a manner described in a given reference.
951	Draws n joint samples from the model's prior, generating latent states and corresponding observations.
952	Run Kalman smoother to compute posterior mean and covariance.
953	```python
def _joint_mean(self):
  """Compute prior means for all variables via dynamic programming.

  Returns:
    latent_means: Prior means of latent states `z_t`.
    observation_means: Prior means of observations `x_t`.
  """
```
954	This method `._joint_covariances` computes prior covariance matrices for latent states and observations using dynamic programming. It initializes covariances, iteratively updates them through a Kalman-like recursion, and reshapes the results to have the shape `[batch_shape, num_timesteps, size, size]`.
955	Push latent means and covariances through observation model to get observation means and covariances.
956	Computes log-normalizer for von Mises-Fisher distribution. Raises error for unknown event shape. Uses safe handling for concentration. Outputs negative log-normalizer for valid concentration, otherwise log-norm sphere surface area.
957	Returns the mean direction of the von Mises-Fisher distribution.
958	Applies a Householder rotation to `samples` by normalizing a basis vector and calculating the projection to rotate the samples.
959	Generate a 3D sample using a specialized inversion method, incorporating corrections for kappa and z values, and applying numerical stability checks.
960	def copy_fn(fn): Create a deep copy of a callable function using types.FunctionType.
961	Removes dictionary keys with a specific value.
962	Recursively replace dictionaries with `_PrettyDict` in nested data structures, preserving other collections' types and named tuples intact.
963	Checks if exactly one of 'n' or 'z' is specified, then returns samples from a distribution or the tensor 'z' accordingly.
964	Function checks if input is namedtuple-like by trying to access its fields and returns True if successful, otherwise False.
965	A helper function for choosing between accepted and rejected values based on is_accepted, expanding shapes if necessary, and applying tf.where.
966	Helper function that expands `is_accepted` and applies `tf.where` using the types of `accepted` and `rejected`. If `accepted` is a namedtuple, recursively applies the same logic to each field.
967	Adds list of tensors elementwise, replacing non-finite results with provided alt_value.
968	Helper function to compute the value and gradients of a given function. It handles converting input arguments and results to tensors, computing gradients using `tfp_math_value_and_gradients`, and handling block diagonal Jacobian calculation if needed.
969	Calls a function `fn` with arguments `fn_arg_list`, computes gradients of the result with respect to args, ensures outputs are floats, checks one-to-one correspondence between args and gradients, and validates non-None gradients. Returns results and gradients.
970	Constructs a for loop, preferring a python loop if the number of iterations is statically known. Uses `tf.while_loop` otherwise. Takes a loop number, a body function, initial loop variables, and optional parameters for parallel iterations and name scope. Returns the result of applying the body function iteratively.
971	A simplified version of `tf.scan` with configurable tracing. It repeatedly calls `loop_fn(state, elem)` and `trace_fn` on the return value of `loop_fn`, stacking the results and returning them with the final state.
972	Wraps a setter to apply to the inner-most results in `kernel_results`.
973	Wraps a getter to return the result of calling it with the inner-most Kernel results.
974	Recursively sets `store_parameters_in_results` to True in a kernel and its inner kernels.
975	This function replaces specific dimensions in a shape tensor with new dimensions. It handles validation if needed, ensuring the new dimensions are compatible with the original. Returns the modified shape tensor and the corresponding TensorShape object.
976	Replaces the rightmost event shape dims of a TensorShape with a new event shape, validating compatibility.
977	if not dtype_util.is_integer(shape.dtype): raise TypeError('dtype ({}) should be `int`-like.'.format(dtype_util.name(shape.dtype))) assertions = [] if tensorshape_util.rank(shape.shape) is not None and tensorshape_util.rank(shape.shape) > 1: raise ValueError('{} rank should be <= 1.'.format(shape)) else and validate_args: assertions.append(assert_util.assert_less(tf.rank(shape), 2, message='rank should be <= 1.'.format(shape))) shape_ = tf.get_static_value(shape) if shape_ is not None and sum(shape_ == -1) > 1: raise ValueError('{} elements must have at most one `-1`.'.format(shape)) else and validate_args: assertions.append(assert_util.assert_less(tf.reduce_sum(input_tensor=tf.cast(tf.equal(shape, -1), tf.int32)), 2, message='{} elements must have at most one `-1`.'.format(shape))) if shape_ is not None and np.any(shape_ < -1): raise ValueError('{} elements must be either positive integers or `-1`.'.format(shape)) else and validate_args: assertions.append(assert_util.assert_greater(shape, -2, message='{} elements must be either positive integers or `-1`.'.format(shape)))
978	Condition to stop when any batch member converges or all have failed.
979	Function to set up initial state for a search procedure by evaluating the objective function at the initial position, checking for convergence, and returning a dictionary with the evaluation results.
980	Performs a line search step using the Hager-Zhang method to find a suitable step size for the BFGS search procedure. Updates the state based on the search result, including the position, gradient, and objective value.
981	Given a function and a direction, this method restricts the function to that direction and computes the restricted function's value, gradient, and the full gradient.
982	Updates the state by advancing its position with a given delta and checks for convergence and failure conditions.
983	Checks if the algorithm has converged based on gradient norm, position change, and objective function relative change.
984	Broadcast a value to match the batching dimensions of a target tensor, converting the value to a tensor if necessary and ensuring it has the same dtype as the target. Returns a tensor with the same shape as the target, excluding the last dimension.
985	Computes the harmonic number using its analytic continuation through the digamma function.
986	Generates random replica exchange combinations based on a given probability.
987	Retrieves a field from `kernel_results` or its `accepted_results`.
988	Defends a function that computes exchanged states among replicas based on proposed exchanges and their acceptance probabilities. It uses TensorFlow operations to efficiently handle state transitions and conditional logic for acceptance.
989	Computes a scale term for _covariance and _variance by expanding dimensions and applying a square root to a modified concentration and count ratio.
990	Wraps a list of bijectors and returns a function that computes the sum of their forward log determinant Jacobians.
991	makes a function that applies a list of Bijectors' `forward`s to input state parts
992	Makes a function that applies the inverses of a list of Bijectors to the given state parts.
993	def one_step(self, current_state, previous_kernel_results):
    Transforms current state using bijector, runs inner kernel, and returns transformed next state along with kernel results.
994	Applies a conditional to each element in a related tuple or tensor, returning the appropriate value from `tval` or `fval`.
995	The secant2 method performs the secant square procedure of Hager Zhang to update a search interval for a root finding problem. It uses two intermediate points generated by secant interpolation to update both endpoints of the interval. The method returns a namedtuple containing information about the updated interval, including whether the search has converged or failed, and the number of function evaluations made.
996	Helper function for secant square that updates bracketing intervals, generates new c points, and determines if an extra function evaluation is needed.
997	Helper function for secant-square step. Checks if `val_c` is finite, updates active flags, finds Wolfe condition, updates bracketing intervals, and returns results based on convergence.
998	Updates a bracketing interval by squeezing it using a trial point to find a smaller interval that still brackets the minimum. If the trial point is outside the interval or meets certain conditions, the current interval is returned unmodified. Otherwise, the interval is updated to preserve the opposite slope conditions.
999	### Method Summary:

**bracket**: Bracketing algorithm for finding an interval containing a minimum. Applies the Hager Zhang bracketing algorithm to find a region satisfing Wolfe conditions. Uses initial step size, search interval, and function evaluations to perform bracketing iterations until stop conditions are met. Returns the bracketed interval and related information.
1000	```plaintext
Bisects an interval and updates to satisfy opposite slope conditions. Starts with initial left and right values and a function value threshold. Returns updated left and right values and algorithm termination status.
```
1001	Performs interval narrowing using bisect until opposite slope conditions are met or max iterations are reached.
1002	Checks if the function value and derivative in `val_1` (and optionally in `val_2`) are finite.
1003	Checks if Wolfe or approximate Wolfe conditions are satisfied for line search criteria.
1004	Secant method for root finding:
- Takes two points with function and derivative values
- Calculates next approximation using a weighted average of the points
- Assumes opposite slopes at endpoints
- Ensures new point remains within interval bounds
- Returns approximation to root
1005	This function creates a step-size update policy for an Adaptive Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) algorithm. It adjusts the step size based on the acceptance rate, increasing if the rate is too low and decreasing if it's too high. The update is controlled by `num_adaptation_steps`, which determines how many initial steps the policy should adapt the step size for. If `num_adaptation_steps` is `None`, the step size is adapted on every step. The function returns a callable that can be used to update the step size during the MCMC process.
1006	Applies one step of the leapfrog integrator to update momentum and state in Hamiltonian Monte Carlo.
1007	Helper function for computing the log acceptance correction in the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm, specifically for the UncalibratedHMC method with momentum augmentation. Calculates the difference in kinetic energy between the current and proposed momentums to adjust the acceptance probability.
1008	Runs one iteration of Hamiltonian Monte Carlo, updating the state and step size based on previous results and potentially a step size update function.
1009	Initializes `previous_kernel_results` using `init_state` and updates `step_size` if a `step_size_update_fn` is provided, then returns updated `kernel_results`.
1010	Defining a Bayesian ResNet18 model with customizable kernel posterior settings, including scale mean, standard deviation, and constraint for training.
1011	Network block for ResNet: Normalize, ReLU, optional projection, two convolution layers with ReLU, add with shortcut.
1012	make_encoder creates a neural network encoder for a topic model. It takes activation function, number of topics, and layer sizes as input. The encoder maps a bag-of-words tensor to a Dirichlet distribution over topics.
1013	Creates a decoder function that maps encodings to a distribution over words using a softmax layer.
1014	Creates a Dirichlet prior distribution with trainable parameters. Initializes parameters via softplus inverse of the initial value. Returns a callable to access the prior distribution and a list of trainable variables.
1015	This function performs Markov Chain Monte Carlo sampling using repeated TransitionKernel steps. It samples from a chain at `current_state`, governed by the `kernel`. Can handle multiple chains in parallel. Supports intermediate states and thinning via `num_steps_between_results`. Optionally traces auxiliary variables specified by `trace_fn`. Returns the sampled states and optionally final kernel results and traced values.
1016	Defines a multi-layered topic model using exponential family distributions.
1017	This method defines a learnable deterministic distribution over positive reals. It uses a trainable variable for the location and applies the softplus function to ensure positivity, with a minimum threshold to prevent numerical issues.
1018	```markdown
 trainable_gamma(shape, min_concentration=1e-3, min_scale=1e-5, name=None) creates a trainable Gamma distribution with learnable concentration and scale parameters, ensuring they are above minimum thresholds.
```
1019	```python
Load NIPS 2011 papers from a CSV file or download it if not found. Return a bag of words matrix and word list.
```
1020	Initializes parameters, validates their types and values, and returns their common data type.
1021	Get registered KL function for two class types based on their method resolution order. Find the closest ancestor with a registered KL function and return it.
1022	Reads an image from a file path and returns it as a float32 tensor.
1023	Downloads sprite data from a URL, saves it locally, and returns the file path.
1024	Merges several attribute sprites (skin, hair, top, pants) into a single character sprite by selectively combining them based on mask derive from the alpha channel.
1025	Creates a sequence tensor by extracting patches from a character sprite, slicing it to the desired length, and casting it to float32.
1026	Generates a random sequence by selecting a random start position based on action metadata and then creating the sequence using the specified character, action metadata, direction, and length.
1027	```python
def create_sprites_dataset(characters, actions, directions, channels=3, length=8, shuffle=False, fake_data=False):
    """Creates a tf.data pipeline for the sprites dataset with optional shuffling and synthetic data."""
    if fake_data:
        dummy_image = tf.random.normal([HEIGHT, WIDTH, CHANNELS])
    else:
        basedir = download_sprites()

    action_names = [action.name for action in actions]
    action_metadata = [(action.start_row, action.frames) for action in actions]
    direction_rows = [direction.row_offset for direction in directions]

    chars = tf.data.Dataset.from_tensor_slices(characters)
    act_names = tf.data.Dataset.from_tensor_slices(action_names).repeat()
    acts_metadata = tf.data.Dataset.from_tensor_slices(action_metadata).repeat()
    dir_rows = tf.data.Dataset.from_tensor_slices(direction_rows).repeat()

    if shuffle:
        chars = chars.shuffle(len(characters))

    dataset = tf.data.Dataset.zip((chars, act_names, acts_metadata, dir_rows))

    skin_table = tf.contrib.lookup.index_table_from_tensor(sorted(SKIN_COLORS))
    hair_table = tf.contrib.lookup.index_table_from_tensor(sorted(HAIRSTYLES))
    top_table = tf.contrib.lookup.index_table_from_tensor(sorted(TOPS
1028	Validates that all distributions in a list have the same dtype, event_ndims, and batch_shape. Raises errors or adds assertions if any consistency issues are found.
1029	Flatten a list of kernels, replacing any _SumKernel instances with their kernels property contents.
1030	Flattens a list of kernels by replacing any _ProductKernel instances with their constituent kernels.
1031	Generate random CIFAR10-style data for testing.
1032	Counts occurrences of each value in an integer array, with optional reduction over specified dimensions, binning, weighting, and padding.
1033	Bin values into discrete intervals.
1034	This function counts how often `x` falls into intervals defined by `edges`. It handles values outside the intervals through optional parameters to extend the intervals.
1035	Calculate quantiles of a tensor along specified axis using given interpolation methods.
1036	Get static number of dimensions and assert expectations if provided. If static dims are not None, check if they meet specified conditions (equal to, no more than, or at least). Return the number of dimensions or raise ValueError if expectations are violated.
1037	Insert `axis` dimensions as singletons back into tensor `x`.
1038	Converts possibly negatively indexed axis to a non-negative list of ints, ensuring at least 1-D. Raises ValueError if `axis` is not statically defined.
1039	Moves dimensions specified in `axis` to the end of tensor `x` and flattens them into a single dimension, optionally placing the flattened dimension at the left end if `right_end` is False.
1040	Sorts a tensor along its last dimension using `top_k`, returning the sorted tensor.
1041	Builds a list of LinearGaussianStateSpaceModel objects for component models, using parameter values in canonical order and accounting for initial timestep.
1042	Computes the Amari-alpha Csiszar-function in log-space. Adjusts based on alpha and whether it is self-normalized. Raises TypeError if alpha or self_normalized is None or a Tensor.
1043	```plaintext
Computes the reverse Kullback-Leibler Csiszar-function in log-space. Returns -log(u) + (u - 1) when self_normalized=True, or only -log(u) otherwise.
```
1044	Computes the Jensen-Shannon Csiszar-function in log-space. Takes `logu` and a boolean flag `self_normalized`. Returns the value of the function evaluated at `u = exp(logu)`.
1045	```python
def pearson(logu, name=None):
  """Computes the Pearson Csiszar-function in log-space.

  Args:
    logu: Log-scale input tensor.
    name: Optional name for the operation.

  Returns:
    Pearson Csiszar-function evaluated at u = exp(logu).
  """
```
1046	Computes the Squared-Hellinger Csiszar-function in log-space. Takes the log of a parameter u, performs a calculation using the pearson function with half the log value, and returns the result.
1047	```python
Computes the Triangular Csiszar-function in log-space for a given logu.
```
1048	```plaintext
Computes the T-Power Csiszar-function in log-space. Applies a transformation to `logu` based on the value of `t` and whether `self_normalized` is True. Returns the function evaluated at `u = exp(logu)`.
```
1049	In log-space, computes the Log1p-Abs Csiszar-function, defined as u^(sign(u-1)) - 1. Takes `logu` as input and returns `log1p_abs_of_u`. Utilizes TensorFlow operations for numerical stability.
1050	Computes the Jeffreys Csiszar-function in log-space. Takes `logu` as input and returns the value of the function at `u = exp(logu)`. Uses `tf.math.expm1` for numerical stability.
1051	```plaintext
Computes the Modified-GAN Csiszar-function in log-space.
```
1052	Computes the dual Csiszar-function in log-space using the formula `u * f(1/u)`.
1053	```Python
def symmetrized_csiszar_function(logu, csiszar_function, name=None):
  """Symmetrizes a Csiszar-function in log-space using `g(u) + 0.5 u g(1/u)`.
  
  Args:
    logu: `float`-like `Tensor` representing `log(u)`.
    csiszar_function: Callable representing a Csiszar-function over log-domain.
    name: Optional Python `str` for name scope.
  
  Returns:
    symmetrized_g_of_u: `float`-like `Tensor` of symmetrized Csiszar-function.
  """
```
1054	Monte-Carlo approximation of the Csiszar f-Divergence using a reparameterized distribution or the score-gradient trick.
1055	Helper function to compute `log_avg_u` and `log_sooavg_u` from a tensor `logu`. It assumes `logu` represents the log of the ratio of two probability densities. The function calculates the natural logarithm of the average of `u` and the natural logarithm of the average of `u` with one element left out, respectively.
1056	Function to assert the number of dimensions of a tensor `x` matches the expected dimensions based on `expect_ndims` and `expect_ndims_at_least`, with an option to check for static dimensions.
1057	Broadcasts the shapes of `params` and `indices` to the left of the specified `axis` and then uses `tf.compat.v1.batch_gather` to gather values from `params` at the positions specified by `indices`.
1058	Ensures event and params are compatible by broadcasting them to the same shape. Casts event to int32 if it's not already. Adjusts shapes and ranks as needed. Returns broadcasted event and params.
1059	Importance sampling in log-space to estimate log(E[f(Z) * p(Z) / q(Z)]), where Z ~ q. Samples from q can be provided or drawn automatically.
1060	Broadcasts the event and samples tensors to the same shape by repeating the appropriate dimensions.
1061	**Method Summary:**

Applies the BFGS algorithm to minimize a differentiable function. The function iteratively updates the estimate of the inverse Hessian and uses line searches to find the next iteration point that minimizes the function. The process continues until convergence, defined by gradient tolerance, position change, or a maximum number of iterations. Returns the optimized position, function value, gradient, and convergence status.
1062	Computes control inputs to ensure a provided inverse Hessian is positive definite and symmetric, returning a list of tf.Assert ops.
1063	Updates the inverse Hessian estimate in the BGFS state if not already converged or failed, ensuring the normalization term (y^T . s) is non-zero.
1064	BFGS update for inverse Hessian estimation.
1065	Def _mul_right(mat, vec) multiplies a matrix (mat) with a vector (vec) on the right, handling dynamic shapes and batched computation. It uses tf.matmul for the multiplication and tf.squeeze to remove unnecessary dimensions, returning a tensor with matching batch dimensions and shape `[...]n`.
1066	Computes the outer product of two batched vectors, resulting in a tensor of shape `[..., n, m]` where each element `r[..., i, j]` is the product of corresponding elements from `t1[..., i]` and `t2[..., j]`.
1067	Reverses the last two dimensions of a potentially batched matrix.
1068	Adds `ndims` ones to the right of the shape of input tensor `x`. If `ndims` is zero, returns original tensor. Otherwise, pads tensor shape with ones on the right and returns. Raises ValueError if `ndims` is negative or not an integer.
1069	def sum_rightmost_ndims_preserving_shape(x, ndims):
  """Sum right-most ndims of tensor while preserving shape.

  Args:
    x: Input tensor.
    ndims: Number of right-most dimensions to sum.

  Returns:
    Summed tensor with preserved shape (static if known).
  """
1070	sqrt_with_finite_grads computes the square root of an input tensor x. If x is zero, it returns an arbitrarily large gradient to prevent singularities. If x is nonzero, it returns the standard gradient.
1071	```brainfuck
def maybe_get_common_dtype(arg_list): 
    """Returns the common dtype of items in arg_list, or None if all items are None or the list is empty."""
    if all(item is None for item in arg_list):
        return None
    return dtype_util.common_dtype(arg_list, tf.float32)
```
1072	Applies the L-BFGS algorithm to minimize a differentiable function using a series of corrections to approximate the Hessian matrix, stopping when specified convergence criteria are met or the maximum number of iterations is reached.
1073	Create initial state for LBfgsOptimizerResults with empty queues for position and gradient deltas.
1074	Computes the search direction for the L-BFGS algorithm using the corrections collected so far, either by directly returning the negative gradient or applying the L-BFGS two-loop algorithm.
1075	Creates a zero-filled `tf.Tensor` capable of holding `k` elements, each shaped like the input `element`.
1076	def _queue_push(queue, should_update, new_vecs):
  Concatenate `queue` and `new_vecs` along the第一个 dimension, and update `queue` elements based on `should_update`.
1077	def _psd_mask(x): Determines if each square matrix in the input is positive semi-definite (PSD) by computing its eigenvalues and checking if all are non-negative. Returns a mask of shape `[B1, ..., Bn]` indicating PSD status.
1078	Returns a mask where each scalar is 1 if the corresponding matrix in x has a determinant greater than the corresponding value in det_bounds, otherwise 0.
1079	Generates a square, symmetric correlation-like matrix with random values in [-1, 1] and 1s on the diagonal.
1080	Function to generate rejection samples for correlation matrices, checking for positive semi-definiteness and minimum determinant bounds. Returns acceptance weights and total proposal volume.
1081	Computes a Clopper-Pearson confidence interval for the mean of a Bernoulli distribution using the binomial CDF and scalar root finding.
1082	Returns confidence intervals for the volumes of correlation matrices with determinants greater than or equal to given bounds, using the Clopper-Pearson method.
1083	Computes the von Mises CDF and its derivative using a series expansion.
1084	Computes von Mises CDF and its derivative using a Normal approximation.
1085	Performs one step of the differential evolution algorithm, updating the population and evaluating the new individuals based on a objective function.
1086	The `minimize` function implements the Differential Evolution algorithm to minimize a given objective function. It allows specifying an initial population or a single candidate solution. The function iteratively evolves the population by applying mutation and recombination operators until convergence or the maximum iterations are reached. It returns details of the optimization process, including whether it converged, the best position, and the objective value at that position.
1087	Processes initial arguments, ensuring they are in list format if necessary, converting to tensors, and calculating population values.
1088	Finds the individual in a population with the lowest value and returns it along with the value.
1089	Checks if the population has converged by comparing the range of function values and the maximum distance between the first population member and the rest, ensuring both criteria are within specified tolerances.
1090	Constructs an initial population either from a provided list of Tensors or by adding random normal noise to an initial position, ensuring the initial position is part of the population.
1091	Performs binary crossover recombination for a population with probability crossover_prob, ensuring at least one component is crossed over by selecting a random index.
1092	Computes mutated vectors for each population member using the given population, population size, mixing indices, and differential weight. Applies a linear combination of donor vectors to each member to produce the mutated vector.
1093	Generates an array of indices for differential evolution mutation, ensuring no repetitions or overlaps within rows, and avoids the `i`th index in the `i`th row.
1094	Converts input to list if not already, returns list and bool indicating original type.
1095	Returns a Tensor with type `dtype`, containing the value of `tol` if provided, or 0 if `tol` is None. If `validate_args` is True, it checks if `tol` is non-negative.
1096	SoftThreshold(x, threshold) applies the soft thresholding operator to input tensor x, using threshold to soft threshold each element. Non-zero elements greater than threshold are reduced in magnitude, while those less than -threshold are increased. Elements within the range [-threshold, threshold] are set to zero.
1097	Clips tensor values to a min and max while preserving the gradient.
1098	Builds a data pipeline for training by creating an iterator over shuffled batches of images.
1099	Plot images in a grid and save to a PNG file.
1100	Converts a sequence of one-hot encoded productions into a concatenated string of terminal symbols, ensuring the sequence starts with the start symbol. Raises an error if the sequence does not begin with the start symbol.
1101	Generates sequence of productions by iteratively selecting symbols based on LSTM predictions, using a stack to manage the generation process.
1102	Calls encoder network on inputs, then outputs a sample from a multivariate normal distribution with parameters determined by the network.
1103	Computes the integral of a `hat` function (h(x) = x^(-power)) for sampling purposes. Returns a Tensor containing the evaluation of the integral at given points x.
1104	Computes the inverse of a function using exponentiation, logarithms, and division.
1105	Computes the rank of a matrix by counting non-zero singular values using SVD.
1106	def pinv(a, rcond=None, validate_args=False, name=None):
  Computes the Moore-Penrose pseudo-inverse of a matrix using its SVD.
  Returns the pseudo-inverse of input `a`.
1107	This function solves a system of linear equations Ax = RHS using the LU factorization. It takes the LU decomposition and permutation matrix, along with the right-hand side (RHS), and returns the solution vector X. It optionally validates the inputs.
1108	Computes a matrix inverse using the matrix's LU decomposition provided by `lower_upper` and `perm` tensors. Does not validate the matrix's invertibility.
1109	Returns a list of assertions for validating input arguments to `lu_reconstruct`.
1110	Checks assumptions for `lu_solve` function. Ensures `rhs` has at least 2 dimensions and that the last dimension of `lower_upper` equals the second last dimension of `rhs`. Asserts conditions if `validate_args` is True, otherwise raises ValueError.
1111	Constructs a block diagonal rank 2 SparseTensor from a batch of SparseTensors by concatenating the indices and adjusting the dense shape accordingly.
1112	Checks that input is a 2D `float` matrix. Raises error if not.
1113	Computes negative log-likelihood gradient and Fisher information for a GLM, using model matrix, linear response, and response tensor.
1114	### fit_sparse
 Fits a Generalized Linear Model using coordinate-wise FIM-informed proximal gradient descent with L1 and L2 regularization. Uses sparse data for efficiency. Returns optimized model coefficients and convergence status.
1115	Generate slices for an autoregressive mask by dividing input and output dimensions into blocks and applying exclusive or inclusive masking based on the selected type.
1116	def _gen_mask(num_blocks, n_in, n_out, mask_type=MASK_EXCLUSIVE, dtype=tf.float32):
  Creates a mask for an autoregressive dense layer with specified block structure and data type. Initializes a zero matrix and fills it with ones based on dynamically generated slices.
1117	A masked dense layer that applies a masked weight matrix to the input, using the same interface as `tf.layers.dense`. This is useful for creating layers with autoregressive properties, as described in the MADE paper by Germain et al. (2015).
1118	Returns a degree vector for the input based on the specified order.
1119	Returns a list of degree vectors for input and hidden layers based on specified input order and hidden degree assignment method.
1120	Generates binary mask matrices enforcing autoregressivity based on input degrees.
1121	Returns a masked initializer by applying a given mask to the output of an input initializer. Handles partition information if provided.
1122	Method that builds an autoregressive neural network layer, handling input shape validation, event shape inference, mask creation, and constructing the network architecture with masked dense layers.
1123	Calls the layer's network on the input tensor and reshapes the output to include a new dimension for parameters.
1124	Draws samples from a multinomial distribution.
1125	Builds a zero-dimensional MVNDiag object with a dummy scale diagonal and a lambda function for covariance.
1126	```python
def _observe_timeseries_fn(timeseries):
  """Create a function that returns a diagonal MultivariateNormal observation noise for each time step in the timeseries."""
```
1127	Build regression weights based on model parameters by scaling `weights_noncentered` with `local_scales` and `global_scale`, with broadcasting for `global_scale`.
1128	Computes node depths recursively in a graph, starting from leaves and moving to the root, to determine the number of edges on the longest path from any node to the root.
1129	Performs a topological sort on a directed acyclic graph (DAG) to resolve and sort nodes based on their dependencies.
1130	The method `_prob_chain_rule_flatten` creates lists of callable functions suitable for the JDSeq class. It processes a dictionary of named distribution makers, extracts their required arguments, determines the best order for function calls based on these arguments, and then constructs wrapped callable functions accordingly. The method returns the original distributions, the wrapped callable functions, the arguments for these functions, and the names of the distributions.
1131	This method constructs `dist_fn`, `dist_fn_wrapped`, `dist_fn_args`, and `dist_fn_name` by ensuring the input `model` isconvertible to a dictionary and then applying the `_prob_chain_rule_flatten` function to it.
1132	Computes the negative variational lower bound (ELBO) for a Gaussian process variational inference (VGP) model, incorporating likelihood and KL divergence terms.
1133	This method calculates the optimal variational location and scale for a Gaussian Process Regression model using the variational Gaussian Process (VGP) framework. It uses the expectations-maximization (EM) algorithm to find the optimal posterior distribution.
1134	def build_is_last_day_of_season(num_steps_per_season):
  """Return a function that checks if the given timestep is the last day of a season."""
  num_steps_per_cycle = sum(num_steps_per_season)
  changepoints = np.cumsum(num_steps_per_season) - 1
  def is_last_day_of_season(t):
    step_in_cycle = t % num_steps_per_cycle
    return any(step_in_cycle == changepoints)
  return is_last_day_of_season
1135	This method constructs two matrices, `effects_to_residuals` and `residuals_to_effects`, for converting seasonal effects into effect residuals (differences from the mean effect) and vice versa. The matrices are built using numpy and then cast to the specified TensorFlow data type.
1136	Builds a function to compute seasonal effect transitions.
1137	def build_seasonal_transition_noise(drift_scale, num_seasons, is_last_day_of_season):
  Creates a transition noise model for a SeasonalStateSpaceModel, increasing variance for the just-ended season's effect if applicable.
1138	This method constructs a transition noise distribution for a ConstrainedSeasonalSSM. It takes the noise covariance with a drift scale and number of seasons as input. It then transforms this covariance to act on a constrained-residual representation. The resulting covariance is rank-deficient, so it constructs a lower-triangular scale factor by hand instead of taking the Cholesky decomposition. The method returns a function that injects transition noise only if it is the last day of the season.
1139	Determines if the observation data is empty by checking if both `observation_index_points` and `observations` are `None`, or if the number of observations is 0, considering the feature dimensions.
1140	Checks if observation data and locations have consistent shapes that can be broadcasted, raising a ValueError if not.
1141	Adds a learning rate scheduler with a specified maximum iteration to the schedules.
1142	Configure snapshot settings. Set interval, path, and overwrite option.
1143	Configure constant clipping settings for the model.
1144	Call Java function to optimize, wrap the result in a Layer.
1145	Sets the train summary using a TrainSummary object.
1146	Set the validation summary for the optimizer.
1147	Create an optimizer for either a local or distributed training set, defaulting to SGD if no method is specified.
1148	Set new training dataset for optimizer reuse with given RDD and batch size.
1149	Define a trigger for setting the interval of recording for a specific indicator.
1150	```
Def read_data_sets(train_dir, data_type="train"):
  Download MNIST data if train_dir is empty.
  Returns features and labels as ndarrays.
  Features are 4D unit8 arrays [index, y, x, depth], labels are 1D unit8 arrays.
```
This summary captures the core functionality of the function: it reads MNIST data from a directory, handling both training and testing sets, and returns the corresponding feature and label arrays.
1151	Iterates through the news20 dataset, parses text files, extracts content, and assigns labels, returning a list of (tokens, label) pairs.
1152	Parse or download pre-trained GloVe word2vec vectors, store them in a dictionary mapping words to vectors.
1153	Configures the learning process by setting the optimizer, loss function, and metrics. Supports string representations for these inputs. Calls the BigDL compile function with the specified parameters.
1154	Train a model locally or in distributed mode using input data and optionally validation data.
1155	Evaluates model on dataset in distributed mode. Handles both numpy arrays and RDD inputs.
1156	This method, `predict`, uses a model to perform predictions on input data `x` in either distributed or local mode. If `x` is a Numpy array and `distributed` is True, it converts `x` to a sample RDD and calls `predict_distributed`. If `distributed` is False, it directly calls `predict_local` for Numpy arrays. It raises a TypeError for unsupported data types.
1157	Load and parallelize MNIST dataset using SparkContext.
1158	Preprocess MNIST dataset by normalizing images and transforming them into RDDs with Sample objects.
1159	Function to determine when to end optimization based on an input option, returning either MaxEpoch or MaxIteration with the specified number of epochs or iterations.
1160	Set validation and checkpoint for distributed optimizer with specified batch size, validation RDD, trigger, and method.
1161	Return cached value if set, otherwise load and cache value from path
1162	The `callBigDlFunc` function attempts to call a Java method by name using the `JavaCreator` instance. It iterates through available `jinvoker` objects, trying to retrieve and invoke the specified method. If the method is not found or raises an exception other than one indicating the method does not exist, the function raises an error. If the method is found, it returns the result of the invocation.
1163	Call a Java function with Python arguments, handling type conversion between Python and Java.
1164	Convert a Python RDD into a JavaRDD by unpickling and serializing with Pyrolite.
1165	Convert Python object into Java object using Py4J gateway
1166	Converts activation name to a BigDL activation layer.
1167	def from_ndarray(cls, a_ndarray, bigdl_type="float"):  
    Converts a ndarray to a DenseTensor for Java-side usage.  
    Validates input, checks type, and returns new DenseTensor instance.
1168	Returns the label as a NumPy array from an ImageFeature.
1169	Read parquet file and return DistributedImageFrame.
1170	Writes an ImageFrame as a parquet file.
1171	Retrieves an image from the ImageFrame using a specified key and converts it to CHW format if required.
1172	def get_image(self, float_key="floats", to_chw=True):
    """
    Retrieve image tensors from ImageFrame and convert to numpy arrays.
    """
1173	Converts ImageFrame to LabelTensorRDD and maps tensors to numpy arrays.
1174	def get_predict(self, key="predict"):
    Convert ImageFrame to prediction RDD, handling None values in predictions.
1175	Generates predictions for input samples in a batched manner. Supports local and distributed modes. Raises an exception for batch_size or verbose arguments.
1176	Optimizes the model using the provided input parameters.
1177	Apply the transformer to images in "inputCol" and store the transformed result in "outputCols"
1178	Save a Keras model definition to JSON at a specified path
1179	Defines a convolutional neural network model in Keras for image classification tasks
1180	Calls a BigDL function to predict class labels for input data RDD.
1181	```python
def set_weights(self, weights):
    """
    Set weights for this layer.

    :param weights: a list of numpy arrays representing weights and biases
    :return:
    """
```
1182	Retrieves weights and biases for a layer, returning them as numpy arrays. If no weights/biases are present, prints a message and returns None.
1183	Save a TensorFlow model to protobuf files for inference, accepts inputs as placeholder information, path for saving, byte order, and data format.
1184	Set layer to training mode if is_training=True, otherwise set to evaluation mode. Return self.
1185	Load a pre-trained Torch model from a given path and return it as a pre-trained model.
1186	Load a pre-trained Keras model from a JSON or HDF5 file. If both JSON and HDF5 paths are provided, load weights from both. If only HDF5 is provided, load it and then load weights if necessary. Returns a BigDL model.
1187	Create a Python Criterion from a Java criterion object
1188	loads weights from HDF5 file into Keras model using JSON definition
1189	Load and preprocess the IMDB dataset, converting text sequences to padded numerical samples.
1190	The `build_keras_model` function defines a sequential Keras model for text classification with an embedding layer, convolutional layer, pooling layer, LSTM layer, and dense output layer.
1191	Returns a list of shape tuples for multiple inputs, or a single shape tuple for a single input.
1192	Return a list or tuple of output shape(s).
1193	Get MNIST dataset, load features and labels as ndarrays, download if not present, return features and labels with label incremented by 1.
1194	Parse or download movielens 1m data if not already present in the specified directory, then extract and parse the ratings data into a 2D numpy array of user and item indices.
1195	Get the jar path for BigDL if it exists, either from the BIGDL_CLASSPATH environment variable or by searching for a unique jar file in the specified directory. If no valid jar is found, return an empty string.
1196	Check if Spark version is below 2.2
1197	This method exports variable tensors from a TensorFlow checkpoint file, excluding the 'global_step' variable, and returns a dictionary where the keys are the tensor names and the values are the corresponding numpy arrays.
1198	This method saves a dictionary of tensors to a Java object file for use with BigDL. It converts the tensors to NumPy arrays if they aren't already, and then uses the `callBigDlFunc` function to write the tensors to the specified path.
1199	Expand and tile a tensor along a specified axis.
1200	Precomputes possible continuations of length <= n for every node in a trie, considering whether spaces are allowed.
1201	Computes weighted sum of memory elements using simple attention mechanism with dropout and softmax masking.
1202	Computes weighted sum of inputs conditioned on state.
1203	Computes BLEU score for machine translations against reference texts. Analyzes n-gram matches and calculates precision, brevity penalty, and geometric mean to produce a comprehensive translation quality metric.
1204	Returns a file object for writing dialog logs to a specific path, creating the directory if it doesn't exist.
1205	Logs a single dialog utterance to a current dialog log file, handling different utterance types, updating the log file if it exceeds a specified size, and includes timestamp, dialog ID, direction, and message in the log entry.
1206	This method generates summary operations for the magnitude of gradient updates in a TensorFlow model. It iterates through trainable variables, collects gradients and Adagrad accumulators, computes the norm of updates vs the norm of variables, and creates Summary scalars for these ratios.
1207	Dumps trained weights from a TensorFlow model into an HDF5 file, renaming variables as specified.
1208	Reads data using a dataset_reader based on the given config, handling 'classification' type specifically.
1209	This method trains and evaluates a model based on a configuration and possibly an iterator. It handles recursive training, downloads necessary data, imports required packages, and adapts configuration parameters. It then trains the model and evaluates if specified, returning the evaluation metrics.
1210	Interact with Alice agent by exchanging messages with the Yandex Dialogs service. Process incoming JSON data, extract command and payload, and generate a response using the agent's output. If the agent's response is a RichMessage, extract plain text content; otherwise, convert to string. Return the response in JSON format with appropriate status code.
1211	Converts multi-class multi-label classification labels to one-hot vectors.
1212	Converts probability vectors to one-hot labels using a confidence threshold and then to one-hot representations.
1213	Configure TensorFlow session with GPU options.
1214	Checks if the model file exists and loads it
1215	Extracts momentum-related values (rho or beta_1) from an optimizer.
1216	Update graph variables with learning rate and momentum if provided.
1217	Calculates F1 macro measure by rounding predicted values and comparing them to true values.
1218	Converts input word to a tuple of symbols, optionally converting to lowercase and adding a case mark.
1219	A function that stacks multiple convolutional layers.
1220	**Bi directional recurrent neural network. GRU or LSTM**

- **Inputs:**
  - `units`: Tensor with shape `[None, n_tokens, n_features]`
  - `n_hidden`: List of hidden units per layer
  - `seq_lengths`: Sequence lengths of varying lengths (Optional)
  - `cell_type`: 'gru' or 'lstm'
  - `trainable_initial_states`: Boolean for trainable initial states (Optional)
  - `use_peepholes`: Boolean for peephole connections (for LSTM)

- **Outputs:**
  - `rnn_output_fw`, `rnn_output_bw`: Tensors of forward and backward outputs
  - `fw`, `bw`: Tensor of last hidden/cell states (for LSTM)

- **Summary:**
  The function constructs a bidirectional RNN with specified cell type (GRU or LSTM), handles customizable initial states, peepholes, and sequence lengths. It returns the forward and backward outputs along with the final hidden/cell states.
1221	For each layer in `n_hidden_list`, it constructs a bidirectional GRU or LSTM cell. It then applies these cells to the input `units`, concatenating the forward and backward outputs. The method returns the final output of the last layer and the last hidden states for each direction (and cell state for LSTM).
1222	Highway convolutional network with skip connection and gating mechanism.
1223	Token embedding layer that creates or uses a token embedding matrix. If a matrix is provided, it sets a warning if trainable is True. Returns tokens embedded in a tensor.
1224	```plaintext
Fast CuDNN GRU implementation that processes input tensors and returns all hidden states and the last hidden state. It supports trainable initial states, sequence lengths, and has options for layer count and reuse.
```
1225	CuDNN compatible GRU implementation that loads models saved with CudnnGRUCell and runs on CPU. It supports trainable initial states, variable number of layers, and sequence lengths.
1226	Fast CuDNN LSTM implementation. Defines model with specified units, hidden layers, and trainable states. Processes input tensor and returns all hidden states, last hidden state, and last cell state.
1227	This method `cudnn_compatible_lstm` implements a compatible LSTM layer that can run on CPU with models saved using CudnnLSTMCell on GPU. It handles initial states, trainable parameters, and sequence lengths to dynamically manage the LSTM's hidden and cell states during inference.
1228	Fast CuDNN implementation of a bidirectional GRU.
1229	```python
def cudnn_bi_lstm(units, n_hidden, seq_lengths=None, n_layers=1, trainable_initial_states=False, name='cudnn_bi_lstm', reuse=False):
    """Implements a fast Bi-LSTM using CuDNN.

    Args:
        units: input tensor [B x T x F].
        n_hidden: hidden state dimension.
        seq_lengths: sequence lengths.
        n_layers: number of layers.
        trainable_initial_states: whether to use trainable initial states.
        name: variable scope name.
        reuse: reuse already initialized variables.

    Returns:
        (h_fw, h_bw): forward and backward hidden states.
        ((h_fw_last, c_fw_last), (h_bw_last, c_bw_last)): last forward and backward hidden and cell states.
    """
```
1230	CUDNN Stacked Bi-GRU implementation:
- Receives input tensor [B x T x F] and parameters: n_hidden, n_stacks, keep_prob, etc.
- Bounds seq_lengths if None.
- Stacks n Stacked Bi-GRU layers.
- Applies intra-layer dropout using keep_prob.
- Concatenates forward and backward outputs of each Bi-GRU.
- Returns concatenated outputs if concat_stacked_outputs is True; otherwise, returns last Bi-GRU output.
1231	Applies dropout with a shared mask across specified dimensions of a tensor.
1232	Builds a neural network using Keras. Takes word inputs, builds a CNN for them, optionally adds additional dense layers, concatenates outputs, and compiles the model with Nadam optimizer and categorical crossentropy loss.
1233	Builds a word-level CNN network with one-hot encoding, character embeddings, multiple convolutional layers, dropout, and highway connections.
1234	Creates a basic network architecture by optionally applying dropout to word outputs, passing them through multiple bidirectional LSTM layers, and finally applying a dense layer with softmax activation to produce pre-outputs.
1235	Trains the model on a single batch of data and labels. Converts the batch into the appropriate format using `_transform_batch` and then uses `model_.train_on_batch` to train the model on the transformed data and labels.
1236	Makes predictions on a batch of data and returns label sequences, optionally returning tag indexes or tags.
1237	Converts sentence to 3D numpy array for network input. Profiling words within a fixed bucket length. Adds BEGIN, END, and PAD tokens.
1238	Transforms input sentence of tags into a 2D numpy array where the indices represent tag categories.
1239	Calculate BLEU score with optional brevity penalty
1240	verify_sc_url checks if a given URL meets specific criteria for an Amazon Alexa signature certificate, returning True if it does and False otherwise.
1241	Extracts pycrypto X509 objects from an SSL certificates chain string using a regex pattern to identify certificate blocks and pycrypto's load_certificate method to parse each block into an X509 object.
1242	Verifies a certificate chain to a root CA, including Amazon certificates and system CA certs.
1243	Verifies Alexa request signature using provided Amazon certificate, decoded signature, and request body. Returns True if verification is successful, False otherwise.
1244	Verifies an Alexa SSL certificate by checking its signature chain URL, expiration, subject alternative names, and certificate chain. Returns the Amazon certificate if all verifications pass, otherwise returns None.
1245	Returns JSON representation of nested controls in RichMessage instance.
1246	Converts list of RichMessage controls to MS Bot Framework-compatible states.
1247	Converts list of controls to Telegram-compatible format
1248	Converts list of controls to Amazon Alexa-compatible states.
1249	DeepPavlov settings configuration. Parses args. Gets settings path. If default, populates with defaults or confirms directory. Otherwise, prints current settings path.
1250	Wraps a function to be executed within a given TensorFlow graph.
1251	Constructs a function encapsulated in a given graph and session for use with Keras.
1252	Calculate accuracy by comparing true and predicted values, returning the ratio of correct predictions.
1253	Rounds predicted values and calculates the accuracy as the fraction of correctly rounded predictions.
1254	This function initializes a variable with weights loaded from a checkpoint file. It handles different variable names, including 'embedding' and 'char_embed', and adjusts their shapes to account for a padding index.
1255	Reads data from a specified path and returns it as a dictionary of lists of tuples, where each tuple contains an input and the correct output for different data types (train, valid, test).
1256	def make_hello_bot_agent() -> DefaultAgent:
    """Constructs a greeting agent using PatternMatchingSkill and HighestConfidenceSelector.

    Returns:
        Agent capable of handling basic greetings and fallback responses.
    """
1257	Converts array of integers to one-hot encoded vectors.
1258	def prettify_metrics(metrics: List[Tuple[str, float]], precision: int = 4) -> OrderedDict:
    Rounds metric values to specified precision and returns an OrderedDict of the results.
1259	Resets the settings directory with default JSON files. Copies files only if the destination does not exist or if force is True. Returns True if any files were copied.
1260	def load(self, exclude_scopes: tuple = ('Optimizer',)) -> None:
    """Load model parameters from self.load_path excluding optimizer variables"""
    if not hasattr(self, 'sess'):
        raise RuntimeError('Your TensorFlow model must have\'sess\' attribute')
    path = str(self.load_path.resolve())
    if tf.train.checkpoint_exists(path):
        log.info(f'[loading model from {path}]')
        var_list = self._get_saveable_variables(exclude_scopes)
        saver = tf.train.Saver(var_list)
        saver.restore(self.sess, path)
1261	Saves model parameters to self.save_path, excluding specified scopes, using TensorFlow's Saver.
1262	This method returns the training operation for a given loss. It takes parameters such as loss, learning_rate, clip_norm, learnable_scopes, optimizer, and other keyword arguments. If no optimizer is provided, it defaults to Adam. It constructs a variable scope for the optimizer and filters trainable variables based on the provided scopes. If clip_norm is provided, it clips the gradients before applying them. The resulting train_op is returned.
1263	Searches for dictionary words within a d-window from a given word, allowing spaces if specified. Returns matching words and their costs if requested.
1264	Sets default costs for string operations, including replacements, insertions, deletions, and transpositions, with an option to allow spaces.
1265	Sets up and starts a timer for self-destruction based on the conversation lifetime configuration.
1266	def handle_request(self, request: dict) -> dict:
    Requests are routed to appropriate handlers based on type. If the request type is supported, its corresponding handler is invoked. If unsupported, a warning is logged and the default handler is called. The `self_destruct` mechanism is re-armed, and the response is returned.
1267	Infers DeepPavlov agent with user input, handles stateful and stateless cases, returns agent's response.
1268	Updates a response dictionary with necessary Alexa-specific data, such as session attributes, and returns the updated response.
1269	Handles an Alexa IntentRequest by validating the intent name and slot presence, generating an agent response, and formatting it according to Alexa specifications.
1270	Handles Alexa LaunchRequest, constructs initial response with start message, and passes to _generate_response method. Returns conforming response.
1271	Handles unsupported Alexa requests by returning a standardized response with the configured unsupported message.
1272	method defines pretty printing for iPython's IPython.lib.pretty.RepresentationPrinter with self._asdict()
1273	Calculates perplexity from model losses
1274	The function `build_model` is used to create a Chainer model based on a configuration. It parses the configuration, optionally downloads components, imports required packages, and builds the model by iterating through pipeline components. Components can be loaded with saved parameters if specified, and can be serialized and deserialized during the process.
1275	Starts interactive session with a model using a config. Continuously takes input for the model's inputs, processes the input, and prints the model's output. Exits on commands like 'exit', 'stop', 'quit', 'q'.
1276	Reads input from either standard input or a file, processes it in batches using a model, and prints the predictions in JSON format.
1277	Reads a CONLL-U formatted input file and returns a list of sentences with word and tag sequences, allowing options to read only words or specify column indices.
1278	### Summary:

Returns a function object based on a string specifying the module and function name.
1279	Decorator for registering metrics with a unique name. If a metric name is already registered, logs a warning and ignores the old function.
1280	Retrieves a metric function by name from a registry, raising an error if not found.
1281	Converts a string label of a decay type to a corresponding index. Raises an error if the label is not recognized.
1282	Find the best value by checking losses and values, considering max and min divergence thresholds. Return the best value divided by the minimum value threshold.
1283	This method encodes a list of tokens into embeddings. It either returns a mean embedding of the tokens or the list of embeddings. If a token is not found in the dictionary, it attempts to get its embedding or assigns a zero vector. If `mean` is `True`, it calculates the mean of non-zero embeddings; otherwise, it returns the list of embeddings.
1284	parses requirements from requirements.txt, separates names and links, and returns a dictionary with install_requires and dependency_links lists
1285	Calculates log loss between true and predicted values.
1286	Exports a TF-Hub module by creating a module spec, initializing a tf.Session, and exporting the module to a specified directory.
1287	Converts dictionary of item data to formatted string with bold keys and values
1288	Sums up initializing an EcommerceAgent with a TF-IDF retrieve skill.
1289	Parse command line arguments and start MS bot framework server.
1290	Download a file from a source URL to one or several target locations. If not forcing download, it checks if files already exist and skips them. It uses a cache directory if set, otherwise copies the file from the primary cache location to each destination.
1291	Simple tar archive extractor that takes a file path and an optional extract folder. If no extract folder is provided, it defaults to the parent directory of the archive. Extracts all the contents of the tar file to the specified or default folder.
1292	Download a file from a URL and extract it to target locations, managing cache for repeated downloads.
1293	Recursively updates `editable_dict` with key-value pairs from `editing_dict`, merging nested dictionaries.
1294	Given a file URL, append '.md5' to the path and return the modified URL.
1295	Splits a URL into its components, updates or adds a query parameter, and then reassembles the URL with the modified query string.
1296	Returns an Alexa-compatible response dictionary with populated "outputSpeech" and "card" sections.
1297	def json(self) -> dict:
    Prepares and returns a JSON dictionary representing the state of a Button instance.
    The dictionary includes the button's name and callback function.
    The result is stored in the control_json attribute and returned.
1298	Returns a MS Bot Framework CardAction object with type, title, and value properties based on the Button instance's attributes.
1299	Returns JSON-compatible state of ButtonsFrame instance, including all nested buttons.
1300	Converts ButtonsFrame to MS Bot Framework-compatible state by creating a RichCard with buttons and optional title, then wrapping it in an activity attachment.
1301	Calculates F-1 score between true and predicted answers, considering the best matching true answer.
1302	Calculates recall at k ranking metric by sorting predictions in descending order, selecting the top k predictions, and counting how many of them contain the true label.
1303	Function checks for GPU availability by attempting to create a TensorFlow session with GPU options and listing local devices; returns True if at least one GPU is found, otherwise returns False.
1304	Recursively applies config variables to properties in JSON-like structures
1305	Reads configuration from a file or dictionary, sets default variable values, applies overridden values from environment variables, and recursively parses nested properties using the provided variables.
1306	Convert relative paths to absolute with user directory resolution.
1307	Builds a Component from a dictionary of parameters, supporting different component references and configurations.
1308	Polls for requests from an input queue, processes them, and outputs responses to an output queue.
1309	Deletes a Conversation instance from self.conversations using the provided conversation_key and logs the deletion.
1310	Refreshes valid certificates periodically, expiring those that have expired, and logs the expiration. Updates the expiration timer after each cleanup.
1311	Verifies an Alexa request by checking the signature chain URL's validity and matching the signature with the request body using the Amazon certificate.
1312	Processes Alexa requests, verifies credentials and timestamp, initializes conversation agent if needed, and handles the request, returning an Alexa-formatted response or an error message.
1313	def cls_from_str(name: str) -> type:
    Splits the input string to module and class names, imports the module,
    and returns the class object with the given name. Raises ConfigError if input format is incorrect.
1314	Registers a class for JSON configuration, using the class name in snake-case or a specified name, and stores the registration in a global dictionary. If a name is already registered, it logs a warning and overwrites the old registration.
1315	Returns a registered class object based on the name provided, using a registry or parsing a string.
1316	Extracts regularization path details from a H2O GLM model, including lambda values, explained deviance, and coefficients.
1317	Create a custom GLM model using given coefficients and dataset information from a source model.
1318	Create H2OCluster object from list of key-value pairs. Skip invalid keys and update valid ones.
1319	Shuts down an H2O server if running, with an optional user prompt.
1320	```
Check if the H2O cluster is running by trying to access the local server and making an API call. Return True if successful, False otherwise on error.
```
1321	Prints the current status of an H2O cluster, including uptime, version, node information, and resource usage. If `detailed` is True, also shows info for each node.
1322	Lists all jobs by retrieving them from the cluster, processing the job details, and formatting them into a table.
1323	Return a list of all known timezones.
1324	Updates this object with information from another H2OCluster instance, transferring the properties and retrieval timestamp, then clears the source object's properties and timestamp.
1325	Returns a dictionary of metalearner parameters if defined, else returns None. Converts tuples into single values if present.
1326	Repeatedly calls `test_func` until it returns True, with optional error handling and timeout.
1327	Return a summary for a single column in a single H2O Frame, with optional timeout and extra keyword arguments.
1328	Deletes a frame from the H2O cluster using its key, with options to ignore missing keys and specify a timeout.
1329	This method retrieves model builders from an H2O cluster. It accepts algorithm and timeout parameters, constructs a request URL, sends a JSON request to the cluster, and returns the resulting model builders or an error, if any.
1330	validate_model_parameters checks model builder parameters using given algorithm and training_frame. It validates the algorithm and training_frame existence, and updates parameters with the training_frame key before making a validation request.
1331	Scores a model on the H2O cluster for a given frame and returns the model metrics. Validates model and frame existence and handles timeouts.
1332	Returns ModelMetrics list by making a JSON request to '/3/ModelMetrics.json' with a timeout of 60 seconds.
1333	Delete a model on the h2o cluster by key, with optional timeout and ignoreMissingKey flag. Raises error if model key not found and ignoreMissingKey is False.
1334	Method that generates a pretty-printed table of cached data, supporting different column types and optional rollup statistics.
1335	Create EC2 instances, wait for them to start, and optionally tag and check SSH access.
1336	terminates EC2 instances by their IDs in a specified region
1337	Stops a list of EC2 instances in a specified region.
1338	Connect to EC2 in specified region, start given instances, and log the process.
1339	Reboots specified EC2 instances in a given region.
1340	Log waiting for SSH on given hosts. Loop through each IP, wait for SSH service if conditions met, count successful connections until required.
1341	Return fully qualified function name.
1342	Given a frame and a compiled function code, this method searches through the local and global variables of the frame to find the corresponding function object. It uses a helper function `find_code` to recursively search through objects, avoiding infinite loops and excluding certain types. If found, it returns the function object; otherwise, it returns None.
1343	Helper function to get function's declared arguments as string, with an optional highlight for a specific argument using ANSI escape codes for styling.
1344	Wrap text to fit a maximum line length, adding indentation to subsequent lines.
1345	Waits for job completion, retrieves model key, clears job, fetches model JSON, and resolves model.
1346	Train the H2O model using specified parameters
1347	### Summary:

This method `fit` in the class `H2OEstimator` is designed to fit an H2O model within a scikit-learn pipeline or grid search. It accepts predictor variables `X` and response variable `y`. If called from a module other than scikit-learn, it issues a warning suggesting the use of the `train` method instead. The method then combines the predictor and response variables into a single `H2OFrame`, extracts the predictor and response column names, and calls the `train` method with these parameters. Finally, it returns the current instance of `H2OEstimator` for method chaining.
1348	Retrieve and return parameters for an estimator, including sub-estimators if specified.
1349	signal_handler(signum, stackframe) - Global g_runner. Checks if signal already handled, prints message, terminates g_runner.
1350	Clears the output directory using `shutil.rmtree`. Handles errors by printing an error message and exiting the program with a status code of 1.
1351	The `remove_sandbox` function checks if the directory name contains "Rsandbox" and removes it from the specified parent directory using `os.system` or `shutil.rmtree` based on the platform. It handles errors by printing an error message and exiting with a status of 1.
1352	Search stdout for JVM port, up to 30 retries, store port if found or exit with error.
1353	Wait for a cluster of a specified size to form by reading the stdout log. Retry up to 60 times with 1-second intervals. Exit if terminated or if the correct cluster size is found.
1354	Stop the JVM process using its PID and handle any OSError exceptions.
1355	Stop all nodes in the cluster by iterating through both self.nodes and self.client_nodes and calling the stop method on each node.
1356	Return an IP to talk to a cluster by checking client_nodes first, then nodes if empty.
1357	Return a port for communication with the cluster using nodes from either `client_nodes` or `nodes`.
1358	Return ROC curve coordinates for training, validation, or cross-validated data as requested, as a dictionary or single tuple.
1359	Checks if the first column of a pre-trained model is a string and if there is only one string column. If so, calculates vec_size as the number of columns minus one.
1360	Computes the mean absolute error between actual and predicted responses. Optionally uses sample weights. Returns a float.
1361	Calculates mean squared error between actual and predicted values in an H2OFrame
1362	Calculate median absolute error between actual and predicted values
1363	Calculates the explained variance score by comparing actual and predicted values, optionally weighted. Returns 1 - the ratio of the variance of the error to the variance of the targets.
1364	Asserts that the argument has the specified type, raising H2OTypeError if not, with optional custom error message and frame skipping.
1365	Checks if a string variable matches a given regular expression and raises an error if it doesn't.
1366	Asserts that a variable satisfies a given condition, raising an error with a default message if the condition is not met.
1367	Retrieves variable names from calling code for assertions.
1368	This function `_check_type` verifies if a variable `var` matches the specified type `vtype`. It handles various type checks including `None`, primitive types, custom types, lists, sets, tuples, dicts, functions, and built-in types. If the type is unsupported, it raises a `RuntimeError`.
1369	Return the name of the provided type, handling various data types and structures.
1370	def _get_lambda_source_code(lambda_fn, src): Attempts to find and return the source code of a lambda function within a given string. Uses lexical analysis to tokenize the source code and matches the bytecode of the lambda function to identify its source. Returns the lambda code or "<lambda>" if not found.
1371	Return True if var does not match any type in self._types
1372	Check if the provided value is a valid enum constant by verifying its type and presence in the enum constants.
1373	```
def get_config():
    """Retrieve the config as a dictionary of key-value pairs."""
    instance = H2OConfigReader._get_instance()
    if not instance._config_loaded:
        instance._read_config()
    return instance._config
```
1374	Reads config files, parses key-value pairs, stores valid configuration in `self._config`, and logs errors for invalid keys or syntax.
1375	Generator yields paths to possible .h2oconfig files, starting from the current directory and moving up to the user's home directory.
1376	Starts a progress bar, calling `progress_fn` to get progress updates. Repeatedly redraws the progress bar until the progress reaches 100%. Optionally handles interruptions and final rendering.
1377	Store model progress and update next poll time.
1378	Computes updated model parameters based on current time and progress. Adjusts parameters to maintain non-smooth speed and ensure realistic progress completion time.
1379	Estimate the time when a process will complete based on its recent progress. Adjust the estimate if it's below 100% or if it looks too soon.
1380	Estimate the next polling interval based on elapsed time and real progress.
1381	Calculate progress state (x, v) at time t using initial conditions and exponential decay.
1382	Use Newton's method to find the projected time `t` when the progress level `x_target` will be reached, iterating up to 20 times or until convergence within a tolerance of 1e-3. If the velocity `v` is zero or the loop exceeds 20 iterations, return a large time value.
1383	Prints the rendered string to stdout, ensuring it starts from the beginning of the line if not in file mode. Moves cursor back and flushes output upon completion.
1384	Computes widths of widgets, prioritizing non-flexible ones and distributing remaining space among flexible widgets, with a minimum width constraint.
1385	Try to get terminal width using stty, then ioctl, then COLUMNS, default to 80
1386	Set the widget's encoding, updating bar symbols and ends if valid.
1387	Calls the target encoding fit method with the provided H2OFrame and encoding parameters, returning the encoding map.
1388	Retrieves an existing H2OFrame from the H2O cluster using its ID, with options for subset rows and columns and lightweight fetching. Returns the frame if found, otherwise returns None.
1389	Reloads frame information from the backend H2O server by flushing the cache and refilling it.
1390	def type(self, col):
    """
    Retrieves the type of a specified column in a frame.
    :param col: Column name or index.
    :return: Column type or raises an error if column does not exist.
    """
1391	Extracts columns of a specified type (numeric, categorical, string, time, uuid, or bad) from an H2OFrame and returns their indices.
1392	```
def summary(self, return_data=False):
    """
    Display or return summary information about the frame.

    Summary includes min/mean/max/sigma and other rollup data.
    If return_data is True, returns a dictionary of the summary output.
    """
```
1393	Generates a detailed description of an H2OFrame. Prints dimensions, column names/types/summary statistics, and first ten rows. Optionally retrieves and displays chunk and distribution summaries if requested.
1394	Return the first `rows` and `cols` of the H2OFrame as a new H2OFrame.
1395	Multiplies two matrices as H2OFrames, raising an error if incompatible dimensions. Returns the resulting H2OFrame.
1396	Retrieve the factor levels for each column in the H2OFrame, excluding column headers and empty values.
1397	Get the number of factor levels for each categorical column and return a list of the number of levels per column, or 0 if no levels are found.
1398	Sets all column values to a specified level in the H2OFrame.
1399	Replace the levels of a categorical column with a new list of strings. The new levels must match the old domain. The call has copy-on-write semantics. Returns a single-column H2OFrame with the updated levels.
1400	Rename columns in a frame by providing a dictionary of old and new names. Handles both integer and string indices.
1401	Changes column names of a frame in-place. Requires a list of new names.
1402	Set a column index or name and update the column name accordingly.
1403	Test whether elements of an H2OFrame are contained in the given item, returning an H2OFrame of 0s and 1s.
1404	Create a fold assignments column for cross-validation by assigning rows to folds based on their row number modulo `n_folds`.
1405	```
def stratified_kfold_column(self, n_folds=3, seed=-1):
    """
    Generate a fold assignment column with balanced class distribution.
    """
```
1406	Prints a concise summary of an H2OFrame's structure, including dimensions, variable names, and factor levels if applicable.
1407	Converts H2OFrame to a pandas DataFrame or nested list based on parameters.
1408	Pop a column at index i or named str from H2OFrame, modify frame in-place and return a new H2OFrame without the column.
1409	Calculate quantiles for a dataset with specified probabilities, using optional weights and a combination method for even samples.
1410	Appends multiple H2OFrames to the current frame either column-wise (axis=1) or row-wise (axis=0). Returns the combined H2OFrame. Raises ValueError if input list is empty.
1411	Appends data to a frame column-wise, handling both H2OFrame and numeric inputs, ensuring row counts match, and updates column names and types accordingly.
1412	Append data to this frame row-wise. Check if columns and types match; then, combine frames and update row count.
1413	Split a frame into distinct subsets based on given ratios using probabilistic splitting.
1414	Return a new ``GroupBy`` object for the specified grouping columns.
1415	Fills NA values in a H2OFrame along a specified axis in a forward or backward direction, with a maximum fill length.
1416	Imputes missing values in a frame.
1417	def merge(self, other, all_x=False, all_y=False, by_x=None, by_y=None, method="auto"):
    Merge two H2OFrames based on common columns. Choose merge keys with `by_x` and `by_y`. If no keys provided, use common columns. Select merge method: 'auto', 'radix', or 'hash'. 'radix' is recommended due to its reliability and efficiency. Returns a new H2OFrame with the merged data.
1418	Reorders the levels of a factor column in an H2O frame, setting the specified reference level to 0 and adjusting other levels accordingly.
1419	Inserts missing values into a H2O dataset. Randomly replaces a specified fraction of entries with missing values and can use an optional seed for reproducibility. Modifies the dataset in-place and returns the original dataset with missing values.
1420	Computes the variance-covariance matrix of one or two H2OFrames, handling missing values based on specified parameters.
1421	Compute the correlation matrix of H2OFrames, with options to handle missing values and return the result as an H2OFrame or scalar.
1422	Compute pairwise distance between rows of two H2OFrames using specified distance measure. Handling L1, L2, Cosine, and Squared Cosine distances. Returns an H2OFrame with dimensions N x M.
1423	Converts columns to categoricals and returns a new H2OFrame.
1424	Split string in target column using regex pattern and return H2OFrame with split columns.
1425	Counts occurrences of a pattern or list of patterns in each string of an H2OFrame. Returns a numeric H2OFrame with match counts.
1426	Defines a method to extract a substring from an H2OFrame object, given start and optionally end indices. Handles cases where indices are out of bounds or negative. Returns a new H2OFrame with the substring data.
1427	Returns a new H2OFrame with leading characters removed from strings, using the specified set of characters or whitespace by default.
1428	Calculates Shannon entropy for each string in a DataFrame, returns an H2OFrame of the entropies. Returns 0 for empty strings.
1429	Counts substrings of length 2 or more in each string, checking against a valid word list from a file.
1430	Computes value or co-occurrence counts in a column or between two columns, returning an H2OFrame of the counts at each combination of factor levels.
1431	Compute and plot a histogram for a numeric column, allowing customization of bin breaks and enabling/disabling plotting.
1432	Compute the iSAX index for numeric time series data in a DataFrame. Takes parameters for the number of words and maximum cardinality of the iSAX word, and optional optimization for finding the max cardinality. Returns an H2OFrame with the time series name, string, and binary representation of the iSAX word.
1433	```python
def sub(self, pattern, replacement, ignore_case=False):
    "Replace the first occurrence of pattern in a string."
    return H2OFrame._expr(ExprNode("replacefirst", self, pattern, replacement, ignore_case))
```
1434	Translate characters from lower to upper case for a particular column. Returns a new H2OFrame with strings converted to uppercase.
1435	grep searches for matches to a pattern within a string column, returning indices of matching elements. It can also return a logical vector if output_logical is True. Pattern matching can be case-insensitive or inverted.
1436	Remove rows with NAs from the H2OFrame and return a new H2OFrame without the NA rows.
1437	Conducts a diff-1 transform on a numeric column, returning a new column where each element is the difference between the current and previous row. Supports only single-column frames of numeric types.
1438	Determines if each element in an H2OFrame is NA. Returns an H2OFrame with 1s for NAs and 0s otherwise.
1439	Extracts the "minute" part from a date column and returns it as a single-column H2OFrame with "int" type.
1440	Generate a column of random numbers from a uniform distribution [0,1) with a specified seed or default.
1441	Returns an H2OFrame with a stratified split column for a given fraction and seed.
1442	Cuts a numeric vector into categorical buckets using specified breaks and optional labels, and returns a single-column H2OFrame of categorical data.
1443	Find the index of the maximum value, ignoring NaNs if requested, in either column-wise or row-wise direction. Returns a list of indexes or an H2OFrame of indexes.
1444	Applies a lambda function to an H2OFrame rows or columns based on specified axis and returns a new H2OFrame with the results.
1445	This method `parse_text` takes a string of text and parses code from it. It first checks if the input is a string. Then, it creates a generator that splits the text into lines, keeping the newlines. It uses a dependency injection pattern to handle the iteration and tokenization processes.
1446	Open a file and return a Code object containing tokenized content from the first line.
1447	Move the token by changing its row and column positions.
1448	Converts parsed representation to source code.
1449	Returns cluster sizes for training, validation, or cross-validation data based on provided bool flags
1450	Retrieves and formats the cluster centers from a KMeans model's JSON output.
1451	Extracts and transposes the standardized centers from the kmeans model output.
1452	Connects to an H2O server using specified parameters or a configuration object. Returns a new H2OConnection object.
1453	Performs a REST API request to a H2O server, using parameters from the H2OConnection class, and returns the response.
1454	Verifies compatibility between h2o-python module and H2O server versions, raises error if mismatch, and warns if H2O cluster version is outdated.
1455	Import files from a specified path that optionally matches a regular expression pattern. Returns a single H2OFrame or a list of H2OFrames based on the import.
1456	Uploads a dataset from a local path to an H2O cluster, handling file formats and column types with optional parameters.
1457	import_file: Imports a dataset from a remote file path into an H2OFrame, parsing it if specified.
1458	Import Hive table to H2OFrame in memory by specifying database, table, partitions, and allowing multi-format if needed. Returns an H2OFrame containing the table data.
1459	Import an SQL table into an H2OFrame in memory.
1460	The function `import_sql_select` imports data from an SQL query result into an H2OFrame by creating a temporary table, running concurrent SELECT queries, and then dropping the table. It supports various parameters for connection configuration and import optimization.
1461	Parse dataset using setup structure. Check input types, validate header option. Return H2OFrame object.
1462	Create a deep clone of an H2OFrame, assigning a new id.
1463	被告知model_id后，从服务器加载一个模型并返回相应的模型对象。
1464	Retrieves a grid search object and populates its properties based on the provided grid ID.
1465	Retrieves an H2OFrame object by its frame_id.
1466	Download the POJO for a given model to a specified directory or print it to the screen. If the directory is specified, also retrieve a custom named jar if desired. Returns the location of the downloaded POJO file.
1467	```python
def download_csv(data, filename):
    Download an H2OFrame object to a CSV file locally.
    Validate input types, generate URL, and write data to file.
```
1468	downloads all H2O log files to a specified directory as a zip file
1469	Exports an H2OFrame to a specified path, optionally splitting it into multiple parts and overwriting existing files if forced.
1470	def as_list(data, use_pandas=True, header=True):
    """Convert H2O DataFrame to Python list. Use Pandas if available; otherwise return list of strings. Optionally include header."""
    assert isinstance(data, H2OFrame)
    assert isinstance(use_pandas, bool)
    assert isinstance(header, bool)
    return H2OFrame.as_data_frame(data, use_pandas=use_pandas, header=header)
1471	Calls H2O demo function by name, with options for interactive mode, echoing commands, and skipping initialization for testing.
1472	Load a dataset from a specified relative path within the 'h2o_data' folder. Checks for file existence and raises an error if not found.
1473	Create model metrics by sending predicted and actual values to H2O API, optionally specifying domain and distribution.
1474	Uploads a file to DKV under a specified key, overwriting if needed, and returns the key name.
1475	Uploads a custom metric function or class to an H2O cluster. Handles both class and string representations, provides options for specifying file names and overriding source providers. Generates a wrapper class for the metric function and uploads it as a JAR file.
1476	Validate if the provided frame ID is valid in Rapids language by checking if it is not None, not an empty string, does not start with a number, and contains only allowed characters, where '$' is allowed only at the beginning. Raise H2OValueError if any condition is violated.
1477	Converts a byte size to a human-readable format (e.g., KB, MB) by dividing it by powers of 1024 and appending the appropriate suffix.
1478	Return a canonical version of slice `s` by converting negative indices to non-negative ones and clamping them to the range [0, `total`], while keeping `None` steps as 1.
1479	Return True if slice `s` has a start, stop, and step, and the start is less than or equal to the stop.
1480	def mojo_predict_pandas(dataframe, mojo_zip_path, genmodel_jar_path=None, classpath=None, java_options=None, verbose=False):
    Create a temporary directory, convert the input DataFrame to CSV, use the MOJO model for prediction, read the prediction CSV back into a DataFrame, and clean up the temporary directory.
1481	### mojo_predict_csv

Takes CSV input and MOJO model to produce predictions. Handles file paths, Java options, and verbose output.
1482	A decorator to mark functions as deprecated, printing a warning message with the function's location and an optional message when called.
1483	### Summary:
Wait until the grid finishes computing
1484	Obtain hidden layer details for a dataset.
1485	Prints a detailed summary of the explored models.
1486	Def show: Print models sorted by metric.
1487	Get model hyperparameters by ID, option to display parameter names.
1488	Retrieves and returns a dictionary of model hyperparameters for a given model ID. Optionally displays the hyperparameter names.
1489	Retrieve an H2OGridSearch instance, optionally sort it by a specified metric and order.
1490	Retrieve F1 values for models with specified thresholds and data types. Return a dictionary of model keys to F1 values.
1491	Returns the importance of PCA components as a pandas DataFrame or a list, depending on the value of `use_pandas`.
1492	Converts model archetypes to original feature space by reversing potential transformations.
1493	Generates a scree plot for PCA components, with options for bar or line plots. Requires matplotlib.
1494	Converts names with underscores to camelcase, handling leading/trailing underscores and empty parts.
1495	Remove common indentation from `text` and add specified `ind` level of indentation.
1496	This function reads a Java log file named javaLogText and extracts the time taken for various operations in the GLRM model building process. It tracks operations like initialXY, regularize Y, regularize X and objective, update X, update Y, objective, step size, and update history, storing each in a dictionary with their corresponding times in milliseconds. If the file is not found, it prints an error message.
1497	Parse user input, extract runtime from Java log, and store result in JSON.
1498	Close an existing connection; set session ID and stage to None on success.
1499	The session_id method returns the session id of the current connection. It requests the session id through an API if it hasn't already been issued, which involves generating a session id and locking the server cluster. Once issued, the session id remains constant throughout the connection. The method returns the session id as a CallableString.
1500	Start logging API requests to a specified destination or a new temporary file.
1501	Create a copy of `data`, convert values to strings, and handle lists and nested dictionaries appropriately before sending.
1502	Prepare a file payload for sending to a server. Convert the filename to an absolute path, check if it exists, and return a dictionary with the basename as the key and an open file in binary mode as the value.
1503	Log the start of an API request with details like endpoint, request count, timestamps, parameters, data, JSON payload, and files.
1504	Log API response details including status code, elapsed time, content type, and response text if logging is enabled.
1505	Log message to destination. If destination is file name, append message and close. If destination is open file handle, write message without closing.
1506	Given a response object, convert it to an appropriate response object for the external caller by handling errors, detecting the Content-Type, and saving to a file if specified.
1507	Prints a message if verbose mode is enabled, with optional flushing and custom end character.
1508	Retrieve info about an AutoML instance by name, return project details, leader model, and leaderboard as a dictionary.
1509	Download the POJO for the leader model in AutoML to the specified directory. If path is empty, print to screen. Optionally download and save h2o-genmodel.jar. Returns the name of the POJO file written.
1510	this function is used to download the leader model in AutoML in MOJO format
1511	Fits the scaler by computing means and standard deviations from the provided H2OFrame X.
1512	Scales an H2OFrame using fitted means and standard deviations.
1513	Undo the scale transformation by reverting each column in the input H2OFrame using the stored means and standard deviations, then return the transformed H2OFrame.
1514	The function `extract_true_string` removes all characters before the substring `'[0m'` in the input string `string_content`. If `'[0m'` is not found, it returns the original string.
1515	Finds the slave machine where a Jenkins job was executed by searching for the node name in a line of console text. Updates a global dictionary with the node name and removes itself from a function list. Returns True to continue text mining.
1516	Search for Git hash and branch in Jenkins console text, extract info, remove current function from list, return True to continue text mining.
1517	def find_build_timeout(each_line, temp_func_list): Determine if a Jenkins job has taken too long to finish and was killed. Save information in g_failed_test_info_dict. Return False if build timeout found, otherwise True.
1518	Determine if Jenkins build failed based on each line of console text, update failure info dictionary, remove function handle from list, and return whether text mining should continue.
1519	Finds the build ID in a Jenkins job log, extracts it, and saves it in a dictionary. Removes itself from the function list after execution.
1520	Parse and extract specific components (job name, Jenkins URL, view name) from a URL string and store them in global variables
1521	def grab_java_message():
    Reads a temporary Java output file, extracts bad messages, and associates them with unit tests. Ignores messages in g_ok_java_messages.
1522	This function saves log scraping results into separate log files for failed and passed tests, appending the build ID to the filenames. It also pickles the test information into a file.
1523	Concatenate log file contents into a summary text file
1524	Write content from log file to summary text file.
1525	Write Java messages into a log file, excluding those associated with unit tests.
1526	Load a pickle file containing bad Java messages to ignore, store them in g_ok_java_messages, or initialize if the file doesn't exist.
1527	Convert enum constant `s` to canonical snake-case: if already lowercase, return as-is; if all uppercase, convert to lowercase; otherwise, insert underscores before uppercase letters and convert to lowercase.
1528	This method retrieves synonyms for a given word using a word2vec model, optionally specifying the number of synonyms to return.
1529	This method waits for a job to complete by continuously querying the server and displaying a progress bar (optional). It handles exceptions for cancellation and failure, and raises appropriate errors or warnings.
1530	Converts H2OFrame operations to POJO, handles file saving and JAR download.
1531	This method performs munging operations on an H2OFrame using specified steps.
1532	Find the percentile of a sorted list using specified interpolation method.
1533	Return a dictionary of default parameters for the model.
1534	Collects a dictionary of specified actual parameters using their mapped names.
1535	Return hidden layer details using specified test data and layer index or name. Raises error if test data is None.
1536	Retrieves the model's scoring history as an H2OTwoDimTable or a Pandas DataFrame if available; otherwise, prints a message indicating no score history.
1537	Prints model details, including algorithm name and key, and shows training, validation, and cross-validation metrics if available.
1538	Prints or returns variable importances, either as a pandas DataFrame or a list.
1539	Retrieve residual degrees of freedom for training or validation sets, raise error for cross-validation.
1540	Return coefficients for non-standardized data. If standardize is True (default), return coefficients fit to standardized data. If False, return raw coefficients fit to non-standardized data.
1541	Download POJO for the model to the specified directory, or print to screen if no directory is provided. Optionally, also download h2o-genmodel.jar and save it in the directory.
1542	Download the model in MOJO format. Save the MOJO file to the specified path. If requested, also download h2o-genmodel.jar and save it either with the default name or a custom name specified by the user. Returns the name of the saved MOJO file.
1543	Save an H2O model's details as JSON to a specified path, forcing overwrite if requested.
1544	Check if actual and predicted targets have the same length, raise exception if not.
1545	Retrieve H2OModel objects from cross-validation results.
1546	def gbm(interactive=True, echo=True, testing=False):
    """GBM model demo. Uploads H2O prostate dataset, splits it into training and test sets, builds a GLM, makes predictions, and displays performance metrics."""
1547	Deep Learning model demo that uploads a dataset to H2O, parses it, and shows a description. Divides the dataset into training and test sets, builds a GLM, makes predictions for the test set, and displays default performance metrics.
1548	def glm(interactive=True, echo=True, testing=False):
    """GLM model demo. Connects to H2O, uploads prostate dataset, splits it, builds GLM, makes predictions, and shows performance metrics."""
1549	Wait for a key press on the console and return it.
1550	Converts an object to a Python data frame if Pandas is available, using specified column headers and truncating long strings.
1551	Prints table contents with optional header and truncated view if more than 20 rows.
1552	Start a new H2O server using various parameters including jar path, number of threads, memory limits, and more. Returns a new H2OLocalServer instance.
1553	Search for h2o.jar in provided or default paths; raise error if not found.
1554	The `_jar_paths` function generates potential paths to an h2o.jar executable. It first checks for an environment variable `H2O_JAR_PATH` and yields its value if it exists and is a valid file path. If not, it searches for h2o.jar in the current directory and its parent directories. If found there, it yields the path. The function then checks the backend/bin folder relative to the location of server.py. As a last resort, it attempts to find h2o.jar in several common system locations such as Python prefixes and userbase directories.
1555	Returns hit ratio values for specified data types (train, valid, xval) as a dictionary or single value. If no data type is specified, returns the training metric value.
1556	`csv_dict_writer` is a wrapper around `csv.DictWriter` that ensures the `delimiter` keyword argument is a string, allowing it to work correctly on Python 2.
1557	Converts URI to absolute file path, handling package and module names, and checking for .py and __init__.py files. Returns None if invalid.
1558	Converts directory path to URI by replacing the root path with the package name, removing any leading directory separator, and replacing os path separators with dots.
1559	Parse lines of text to extract function and class names, ignoring private ones.
1560	Generate autodoc documentation template string for a module.
1561	```python
def discover_modules(self):
    '''Recursively discover modules in the package directory.'''
    modules = [self.package_name]
    for dirpath, dirnames, filenames in os.walk(self.root_path):
        root_uri = self._path2uri(dirpath)
        for dirname in dirnames[:]:
            package_uri = '.'.join((root_uri, dirname))
            if (self._uri2path(package_uri) and 
                self._survives_exclude(package_uri, 'package')):
                modules.append(package_uri)
                dirnames.remove(dirname)
        for filename in filenames:
            module_name = filename[:-3]
            module_uri = '.'.join((root_uri, module_name))
            if (self._uri2path(module_uri) and 
                self._survives_exclude(module_uri, 'module')):
                modules.append(module_uri)
    return sorted(modules)
```
1562	Generates API reST files for modules in a specified output directory, creates necessary files automatically, and sets `self.written_modules` to a list of written modules.
1563	Generate a reST API index file from written modules, optionally making file paths relative.
1564	Converts a confusion matrix to a 2x2 list of integer values from the table's cell values.
1565	Load a Java message dictionary from a pickle file if it exists, otherwise initialize it with a default "general" key.
1566	Reads new Java messages from a user file, converts them to a dictionary, and updates the global dictionary of excluded messages.
1567	Update a global dictionary `g_ok_java_messages` based on the provided `message_dict` and `action` (add or remove messages).
1568	Read a text file containing Java messages to ignore, extract key-value pairs, and store them in a dictionary. Keys are test names or "general," and values are lists of Java messages to ignore.
1569	Save the g_ok_java_messages dictionary to a pickle file if g_dict_changed is True.
1570	def print_dict():
    Sorts keys in g_ok_java_messages and writes them along with their corresponding messages to a text file. Prints the same information to the console.
1571	Parse command-line arguments and set global variables accordingly.
1572	Output:
Lists and explains various input flags and their functions for a script.
1573	Traverse directory and subdirectories, collect paths of Python files.
1574	Search a file for lines starting with "#", then check if the rest of the line starts with "~~~~* ", "----* ", or "====* ". If so, return the spell and any extra words following it. If no magic is found, return None.
1575	Main method iterates over files in a directory, processes each file's tokens, normalizes them, and asserts that the original and normalized text are identical.
1576	Transforms an H2OFrame using a MOJO Pipeline, optionally allowing datetime columns.
1577	Iterates through files in a directory, checks if they start with a specific name and have a size greater than 10 bytes, reads a JSON file, and populates a global summary dictionary with failed test information.
1578	Function extracts and prints intermittent tests, saving summary to file and console.
1579	Generates an ROC curve plot with AUC, supports inline server rendering.
1580	```python
def confusion_matrix(self, metrics=None, thresholds=None):
    # Get the confusion matrix for specified metrics and thresholds
    if metrics is None: metrics = ['f1']
    if not isinstance(metrics, list): metrics = [metrics]
    if thresholds is None: thresholds = []
    if not isinstance(thresholds, list): thresholds = [thresholds]

    assert_is_type(thresholds, [numeric])
    assert_satisfies(thresholds, all(0 <= t <= 1 for t in thresholds))

    if not all(m.lower() in H2OBinomialModelMetrics.max_metrics for m in metrics):
        raise ValueError("Invalid metrics")

    metrics_thresholds = [self.find_threshold_by_max_metric(m) for m in metrics]
    thresholds_list = list(set(thresholds + metrics_thresholds))
    first_metrics_thresholds_offset = len(thresholds_list) - len(metrics_thresholds)

    thresh2d = self._metric_json['thresholds_and_metric_scores']
    actual_thresholds = [float(e[0]) for e in thresh2d.cell_values]
    cms = []
    for i, t in enumerate(thresholds_list):
        idx = self.find_idx_by_threshold(t)
        row = thresh
1581	Returns True if the Deep Water model can be built, False otherwise. Prints a message if no backend is found.
1582	Removes data before the specified number of months from the summary text file and dictionary.
1583	Define a function `endpoint_groups` that returns endpoints grouped by the class handling them, using a dictionary.
1584	**Method Summary:**  
The function `update_site_forward` retrieves the `Site` model using the `apps` object, then updates or creates a `Site` instance with the specified `id`, setting its `domain` and `name` using values from settings and cookiecutter templates.
1585	Adds default_data to input data and converts it to a JSON string.
1586	- Logs action
- Checks user validity
- Converts user ID
- Fetches medias for commenting
- Comments on fetched medias
1587	Function get_credentials(username=None) reads login and password from secret.txt. It prompts user to select an account or add/delete accounts until a valid selection is made. If username is provided, it returns the corresponding login and password.
1588	The `like_user` method likes medias from a specified user. It first checks if the user exists if filtration is enabled, retrieves the user's medias, and then likes up to a specified amount.
1589	Likes last medias from a specified hashtag.
1590	Filter bot users from real users by checking user information against whitelist, blacklist, following count, and stop words.
1591	Reads a list from a file, one item per line, and returns the list. Handles file existence, encoding, and exceptions gracefully.
1592	Sets the scheduled enqueue time for a message using its properties. If the message ID or annotations are not set, they are initialized. The scheduled time is stored as an AMQP symbol.
1593	Defer the message, raising exceptions if the message has been settled, the lock has expired, or the settle operation fails.
1594	Downloads VPN site configurations for a resource group. Returns a SAS URL or a poller object for asynchronous operation.
1595	```python
def guess_service_info_from_path(spec_path):
    """Guess Python Autorest options from the spec path.

    Extracts RP name and checks if it's ARM.
    """
    spec_path = spec_path.lower().split("specification/")[1].split("/")
    rp_name = spec_path[1]
    is_arm = spec_path[2] == "resource-manager"

    return {
        "rp_name": rp_name,
        "is_arm": is_arm
    }
```
1596	Updates a PowerShell command with additional data using provided parameters and returns an LROPoller object for asynchronous operation.
1597	```plaintext
Deletes a managed application definition by ID, with options for custom headers, polling, and raw response.
```
1598	Defines a method to create or update a managed application definition. It accepts parameters for the application definition ID, parameters, custom headers, and other optional configurations. Returns an LROPoller that can be used to poll for the operation's completion, optionally including raw responses.
1599	Constructs a URI based on the request's protocol, host, port, and path.
1600	Create a connection for a request, handling protocol override, setting headers for proxy authentication if needed.
1601	Sends an HTTP request to a cloud service server, processes the response, and returns an `HTTPResponse` object. Handles redirects and errors according to HTTP status codes.
1602	Executes script actions on an HDInsight cluster, optionally persisting them and handling polling.
1603	Verify Front Door resource name availability.
1604	Permanently deletes a soft-deleted Azure key vault.
1605	Returns authorization server URI if present, otherwise returns an empty string.
1606	Raises errors for empty URIs, relative URIs, and URIs using schemes other than HTTP or HTTPS. Returns the host authority of the valid URI.
1607	Returns a CLI profile class by attempting to import necessary modules from the azure-cli-core package, loading an account from a configuration file, and returning a Profile object with the ACCOUNT as storage. Raises an ImportError if the package is not available.
1608	Function to get Azure CLI credentials and default subscription ID, optionally including tenant ID.
1609	This method sends a POST request to the LUIS resolution endpoint with a query for intent and entity predictions. It handles optional parameters like timezone offset, verbosity, staging mode, spell checking, and custom headers. If successful, it deserializes the response into a `LuisResult` object. If the `raw` parameter is true, it returns the raw client response.
1610	Check name availability for global uniqueness in a specified location and verify the uniqueness of a given resource name.
1611	Opens a request using a specified method and URL.
1612	Sets up the timeout for the request in milliseconds.
1613	Sets the request header using BSTR for the name and value.
1614	Method retrieves all response headers from a WinHttpRequest object, converts them to a Python string, and returns the result.
1615	If no request is provided, sends an empty variant; otherwise, sends the request body as a SAFEArray.
1616	Retrieves the HTTP response status code.
1617	Retrieves the status text of a response using a COM method, casting the result to a wide character string and freeing the memory.
1618	Retrieves response body as a SAFEARRAY and converts it to a string if it's a byte array, otherwise returns an empty string.
1619	Sets client certificate for the request.
1620	Connects to a host, constructs a request URL, sets a timeout, opens a connection with the specified method, and optionally sets a client certificate if provided.
1621	Sends HTTP request headers, encoding names and values to UTF-8 if running on Python 2.
1622	Sends request body if provided; otherwise, sends an empty request.
1623	Sends an HTTP request, parses the response status, headers, and body, then constructs and returns a _Response object.
1624	Simplifies an ID by stripping it of the namespace, prefix, and leading slash, returning the remaining part. If no prefix is specified or not found, returns the original ID.
1625	converts a Python name into a serializable name by applying a series of transformations if a known mapping exists or using specific rules to replace underscores with hyphens or capitalize the name
1626	Verify whether two faces belong to the same person by comparing a face ID with a person ID, using either a person group or a large person group.
1627	Adds a job to the specified account via the Batch service with optional Job Add Options and custom headers.
1628	Retrieves properties from an XML entry, including 'etag', 'updated', and 'author', and optionally 'id' based on provided parameters.
1629	Traverse a hierarchy of nodes based on a given path, returning the children at the innermost level that share a common parent.
1630	Recursively searches from the parent to the child, gathering namespaces along the way.
1631	Converts XML response to Service Bus namespace. Parses XML to extract namespace details and maps them to namespace object attributes.
1632	Converts XML response to a ServiceBusRegion object, extracting the region code and full name from the XML.
1633	Converts XML response to service bus namespace availability by parsing the XML and extracting the namespace availability result.
1634	Converts XML response to service bus metrics objects by parsing the XML strings and setting attributes of a target object based on the parsed data
1635	Replace runbook draft content with specified content in an Azure Automation account.
1636	```python
def list_recommendations(self, keywords=None, max_domain_recommendations=None, custom_headers=None, raw=False, **operation_config):
    """Get domain name recommendations based on keywords.

    :param keywords: Keywords for domain recommendations.
    :type keywords: str
    :param max_domain_recommendations: Max recommendations.
    :type max_domain_recommendations: int
    :param custom_headers: Additional headers.
    :param bool raw: Return raw response.
    :param operation_config: Operation configuration.
    :return: Domain recommendations.
    :rtype: collections.abc.Iterable[NameIdentifier]
    :raises DefaultErrorResponseException: If API error occurs.
    """
```
1637	Asynchronously updates a knowledgebase with specified ID using PATCH request, handling custom headers, and returning the operation or raw response.
1638	Method `get_member_groups` retrieves group memberships for a user based on the provided object ID, security settings, and optional headers. It handles pagination by repeated requests if necessary and returns an iterator of group IDs.
1639	Clones a PR branch, builds packages with Azure-related filenames, and optionally comments with installation and download instructions.
1640	This method imports data into a Redis cache. It takes parameters such as the resource group name, cache name, and files to import. Optional parameters include format, custom headers, raw response flag, and polling settings. The method returns an LROPoller that handles the long-running operation based on the provided settings.
1641	Publishes an automation runbook draft, handling polling and response formatting based on parameters.
1642	Renews the lock on a non-sessionful message to prevent it from being returned to the queue. Raises errors if the message is sessionful, if the lock has already expired, or if the message has been settled.
1643	Replaces alterations data by sending a PUT request with the provided word alterations and optional headers. Returns None or the raw response if specified.
1644	Adds a new version of a secret resource value.
1645	Returns system properties for a specified storage account using the provided service name.
1646	Returns primary and secondary access keys for a storage account given its name.
1647	This method regenerates the primary or secondary access key for a specified storage account. It validates the service name and key type, then calls `_perform_post` with the storage service path, an XML representation of the key type, and `StorageService` as parameters.
1648	Creates a new storage account in Azure with specified attributes and validations.
1649	### Summary:
Updates the label, description, and geo-replication status (now controlled by account_type) of a storage account in Windows Azure.
1650	Deletes a specified storage account from Windows Azure.
1651	Checks if a specified storage account name is available.
1652	Retrieves system properties for a specified hosted service, including service name, type, affinity group, location, and optionally deployment details.
1653	Creates a hosted service in Windows Azure with specified details.
1654	Deletes a specified hosted service from Windows Azure, with an option to delete associated disks and blobs if specified.
1655	Uploads a service package, creates a deployment in a specified slot, and manages deployment options.
1656	Deletes a deployment for a given hosted service and optional VHD.
1657	Swap deployment between staging and production environments for a service based on the current environment.
1658	Initiates a change to a deployment's configuration for a hosted service. Validates input parameters and performs an asynchronous POST request with the new configuration settings.
1659	Initiates a change in deployment status for a specified service and deployment, validating input and performing an asynchronous POST request.
1660	Initiates a deployment upgrade for a specified service and deployment, with options for upgrade mode, package URL, configuration, label, force rollback, role-specific upgrade, and extended properties.
1661	Sets the next upgrade domain for manual in-place upgrade or configuration change.
1662	Reboots a specific role instance within a deployment.
1663	Replaces role instances in a specified deployment with new instances and initializes storage resources.
1664	Checks service availability by name
1665	Lists service certificates for a specified hosted service. Validates input, performs a GET request, and returns the certificate data.
1666	Retrieves a service certificate using its name, thumbprint algorithm, and thumbprint hash. Validates inputs and makes a GET request to the Azure management service to fetch the certificate details.
1667	Adds a certificate to a hosted service.
1668	Deletes a service certificate from the certificate store of a hosted service using the provided service name, thumbprint algorithm, and thumbprint.
1669	Retrieves management certificate info by thumbprint.
1670	Adds a management certificate to the subscription list.
1671	Deletes a management certificate using its thumbprint.
1672	This function retrieves system properties for a specified affinity group by making an HTTP GET request. It validates the input name, constructs the request URL, and parses the response into an AffinityGroup object.
1673	```plaintext
Creates a new affinity group with specified details.
```
1674	Deletes an affinity group in the specified subscription by its name.
1675	Lists subscription operations based on provided filters such as start time, end time, object ID, and operation result status, and returns the results using a GET request.
1676	Reserves an IPv4 address for a subscription, with optional parameters for name, label, and location.
1677	Deletes a reserved IP address from a subscription using its name.
1678	Associate a reserved IP address with a deployment.
1679	Disassociates a reserved IP address from a deployment.
1680	Retrieves information about the specified reserved IP address. Takes the name of the reserved IP address as a parameter and returns the reserved IP address information.
1681	Retrieves a virtual machine role by its name, ensuring the inputs are not None and using a perform_get method with a specific path.
1682	Provisions a virtual machine by deploying a configuration, including service name, deployment details, VM configuration, and networking options. Validates input parameters and submits a POST request to create the VM.
1683	Adds a virtual machine to an existing deployment with parameters such as service name, deployment name, role name, and configuration settings.
1684	Updates the specified virtual machine by sending a PUT request with the provided parameters.
1685	Delete a role from a deployment. Takes service_name, deployment_name, and role_name as parameters. Optionally, if complete is True, also deletes OS/data disks and their source blobs.
1686	The `capture_role` method captures a virtual machine image for your gallery. It requires service and deployment names, role name, post-capture actions, and image names and labels. Optionally, it can take provisioning configuration.
1687	Starts a virtual machine specified by the service, deployment, and role names, returning an asynchronous operation.
1688	Starts virtual machines for specified roles in a service and deployment.
1689	Restarts a specified virtual machine by sending a POST request to the role instance operations path with XML formatted restart role operation.
1690	shutdown_role(self, service_name, deployment_name, role_name, post_shutdown_action='Stopped'): Shuts down the specified role in a deployment and optionally releases compute resources.
1691	Shuts down specified virtual machines for a given service and deployment, with options to retain or deallocate resources after shutdown.
1692	Adds a DNS server definition to an existing deployment.
1693	Updates the IP address of a DNS server specified by service and deployment names.
1694	Deletes a DNS server from a deployment by name, with validation for inputs.
1695	Lists available versions of a resource extension for a Virtual Machine.
1696	Replicate a VM image to multiple regions for publishers, using specified offer, SKU, and version.
1697	Unreplicate a VM image from all regions using its name.
1698	Shares a VM image with specified permission. Validates inputs, constructs path and query, and performs a PUT request.
1699	Creates a VM image in the image repository with specified parameters
1700	Deletes a VM image by name, optionally deleting the underlying VHD blob.
1701	Retrieves a list of VM images from the repository, optionally filtering by location, publisher, and category.
1702	Updates a VM Image in the image repository. Requires a name and an instance of VMImage.
1703	Adds an OS image stored in a Windows Azure blob to the image repository, validating inputs and performing a POST request asynchronously.
1704	Updates an OS image in a repository by specifying details such as image name, label, media link, name, and operating system type.
1705	Updates an OS image's metadata using provided parameters and returns a response asynchronously.
1706	Deletes an OS image from the repository, allowing optional deletion of the underlying VHD blob in Azure storage.
1707	Retrieves a data disk from a virtual machine using the specified service, deployment, role, and LUN.
1708	Adds a data disk to a virtual machine by sending a POST request with disk configuration parameters.
1709	Updates a data disk attached to a virtual machine, allowing modifications to properties like LUN, caching, media link, disk label, and size.
1710	Deletes a data disk from a virtual machine and optionally deletes the underlying VHD blob in Azure storage.
1711	Adds a disk to the user image repository with a description, blob location, name, and OS type, validating input parameters before performing a POST request.
1712	Updates an existing disk in your image repository by changing the label, while other parameters are deprecated.
1713	Deletes a disk image by its name and optionally removes the underlying VHD blob in Azure storage.
1714	Summarizes policy states for resources under a management group, optionally filtering and formatting results.
1715	Builds a message receiver with specified parameters and sets settlement modes based on the receiver mode.
1716	Receive a batch of messages, prioritizing quick return over specified batch size.
1717	Renews the session lock to maintain message processing.
1718	Create or update a VM scale set, returning an LROPoller with the updated VirtualMachineScaleSet object or ClientRawResponse if raw=True.
1719	Converts SinglePlacementGroup property to false for a existing virtual machine scale set.
1720	Detects profanity and matches text against custom and shared blacklists. Raises error on non-200 status code.
1721	### Summary:
This method `create_key` in Azure Key Vault client library creates a new key. It takes parameters such as vault URL, key name, type, size, operations, attributes, tags, curve, and custom headers. It constructs the request, sends it, and returns the key details or the raw response if requested.
1722	Imports an external key into Azure Key Vault and returns key parameters and attributes.
1723	def update_key(self, vault_base_url, key_name, key_version, key_ops=None, key_attributes=None, tags=None, custom_headers=None, raw=False, **operation_config):
    """Updates specified attributes of an existing Azure Key Vault key."""
    # Construct URL and request parameters
    url = self._client.format_url(self.update_key.metadata['url'], vault_base_url=vault_base_url, key_name=key_name, key_version=key_version)
    query_parameters = {'api-version': self.api_version}
    header_parameters = {'Content-Type': 'application/json; charset=utf-8'}
    parameters = models.KeyUpdateParameters(key_ops=key_ops, key_attributes=key_attributes, tags=tags)
    body_content = self._serialize.body(parameters, 'KeyUpdateParameters')

    # Send PATCH request
    request = self._client.patch(url, query_parameters, header_parameters, body_content, **operation_config)
    response = self._client.send(request)

    # Handle response
    if response.status_code != 200:
        raise models.KeyVaultErrorException(self._deserialize, response)
    if raw:
        return ClientRawResponse(self._deserialize('KeyBundle', response), response)
    return self._deserialize('KeyBundle', response)
1724	```text
Sets a secret in a specified key vault. Adds a new version of secret if it already exists and requires the secrets/set permission.
```
1725	Sets the certificate issuer in Azure Key Vault. Takes parameters like vault base URL, issuer name, provider, and credentials. Constructs a request, sends it, and returns the issuer bundle or raw response.
1726	Instantiate a Service Bus client using a connection string.
1727	Get an async client for a subscription entity using the management client and raise exceptions if the namespace or subscription is not found.
1728	Get an async client for all subscription entities in a topic. Raises exceptions if namespace or topic not found.
1729	Sends one or more messages to the current entity asynchronously. Opens a single-use connection, sends the messages, and closes the connection. Handles session IDs if required. Returns a list of send results for each message.
1730	Get a Sender object for the Service Bus endpoint with optional message timeout and session ID. Returns an unopened Sender instance.
1731	Open and configure a Service Bus receiver with optional session, prefetch count, receive mode, and idle timeout.
1732	Get a Receiver for the deadletter endpoint of the entity
1733	Extracts request ID from response header.
1734	Performs a GET request to the specified path, updates the request URI and query, adds headers with optional x-ms-version, and returns the server response.
1735	Performs a PUT request with the given path, body, and optional x-ms-version header. Constructs the request, updates the URI and headers, and returns the response.
1736	Waits for an asynchronous operation to complete by repeatedly calling `get_operation_status` until the expected status is reached or a timeout occurs. Options include custom progress, success, and failure callbacks.
1737	Returns the status of an asynchronous operation using a request ID.
1738	Ensure request includes necessary management headers, setting `Content-Length`, `x-ms-version`, and `Content-Type` when required.
1739	def travis_build_package(): Checks TRAVIS_TAG, validates format, verifies version, excludes certain packages, builds, and pushes to PyPI if valid.
1740	Lists certificates in a key vault, supports pagination and includes options for filtering and custom headers.
1741	Fetches and converts a list of available service bus regions.
1742	The method `list_namespaces` retrieves and converts service bus namespaces defined on the account using a GET request and XML deserialization.
1743	Get details about a specific service bus namespace by making a GET request to the management API and parsing the XML response.
1744	Create a new service bus namespace with the given name and region using PUT request.
1745	Deletes a service bus namespace by validating the name and performing a delete operation.
1746	### Checks availability of a specified service bus namespace. Validates provided name. Performs GET request and returns namespace availability status.
1747	Retrieves and converts topic descriptions from a service bus namespace using an HTTP GET request.
1748	Retrieves the notification hubs in the specified service bus namespace.
1749	Retrieves relays in a service namespace using the provided name.
1750	Get Service Bus metric rollup data for a specific queue.
1751	```plaintext
Retrieves service bus topic metrics rollup data, including time granularity and retention settings.
```
1752	Returns rollup data for a specified Service Bus metric notification hub, including time granularity and retention settings.
1753	This method retrieves rollup data for a specific Service Bus metric relay. It constructs a request path based on the namespace, relay, and metric names, sends a GET request, and converts the XML response to a list of MetricRollups objects using a custom serializer.
1754	Create a virtual environment in a directory with specified options.
1755	Create a temporary virtual environment, install pip, and install specified packages before yielding the environment.
1756	Create an Azure SQL Database server with administrator credentials and location.
1757	Reset the administrator password for a server with the given name and new password.
1758	Fetches Azure SQL Database Server quotas by server name.
1759	Retrieves event logs for an Azure SQL Database Server. Accepts server name, start date, interval size, and event types as parameters. Validates inputs, constructs a request URL, performs a GET request, and parses the response to return event logs.
1760	Creates an Azure SQL Database server firewall rule with the specified parameters and validates them before performing a POST request.
1761	Updates a firewall rule for an Azure SQL Database server using provided parameters.
1762	Deletes an Azure SQL Database server firewall rule by specifying the server name and rule name.
1763	Retrieves firewall rules for an Azure SQL Database Server given the server name.
1764	Gets service level objectives for an Azure SQL Database server by server name.
1765	Creates a new Azure SQL Database with specified parameters.
1766	Updates an existing database's details on a server.
1767	Deletes an Azure SQL Database at a specified server and name by performing a delete operation on its path.
1768	List databases on a specified server.
1769	Retrieves legal agreements required for domain purchase, allowing options for privacy and transfer agreements.
1770	closes the handler connection, sets an error if provided, and calls close_async()
1771	Close down the receiver connection. If the receiver has already closed, this operation will do nothing. An optional exception can be passed in to indicate that the handler was shutdown due to error.
1772	This method retrieves the session state asynchronously. If no state is set, it returns None. It first checks if the operation can run using `_can_run()`. Then, it sends a management request to get the session state using `_mgmt_request_response()`. The response is decoded from bytes to a string if necessary and returned.
1773	The function `set_session_state` sets the session state. It encodes the input state if it's a string using the instance's encoding, then sends a management request to update the session state.
1774	This method asynchronously receives previously deferred messages from a ServiceBus entity. It takes a list of sequence numbers and an optional receive mode (defaulting to PeekLock). If no sequence numbers are provided, it raises a ValueError. The method ensures it can run, sets the receive mode, constructs a message payload, and sends a management request to receive the messages. It returns a list of deferred message objects.

Example usage:
```
async def receive_deferred_sequence_numbers():
    messages = await receiver.receive_deferred_messages([123, 456])
    # Process received messages
```
This code snippet shows how to call the `receive_deferred_messages` method to retrieve deferred messages using specific sequence numbers.
1775	Merges two Reservations into a new Reservation, handling polling and custom headers.
1776	Checks if the challenge is a Bearer challenge and returns the token part.
1777	Purges data in Log Analytics workspace based on user-defined filters.
1778	Handles connection and service errors by parsing the error condition and returning an appropriate action to take, including retrying with optional backoff.
1779	Creates a queue with the given name using the provided queue object, handling exceptions based on the fail_on_exist flag
1780	Deletes an existing queue and all associated state, optionally raising an exception if the queue does not exist.
1781	Retrieves an existing queue by name.
1782	Creates a new topic; returns True if successful or False if it already exists and fail_on_exist is False.
1783	Retrieves topic description using GET request.
1784	Creates a rule for a subscription, optionally checking for its existence before creating it.
1785	Retrieves the description for a specified rule using topic, subscription, and rule names.
1786	Retrieves rules for a specified subscription using the provided topic name and subscription name.
1787	Creates a new subscription for specified topic, handling existence based on fail_on_exist flag.
1788	Gets an existing subscription by topic and subscription names, validates inputs, constructs a GET request, updates the URI and query, sets headers, performs the request, and converts the response to a subscription object.
1789	### Summary:
Retrieves subscriptions in a specified topic by making an HTTP GET request to the service bus. The method validates the topic name, constructs the request, updates headers and URI, performs the request, and converts the response to a list of subscriptions.
1790	Enqueues a message into a specified topic, validating the topic name and message, setting the request method, host, path, headers, and body, updating the request URI and query, and finally performing the request.
1791	Unlock a message for processing by other receivers on a given subscription by deleting the lock object.
1792	Sends a batch of messages to a queue. Validates input, constructs an HTTP POST request, updates headers and URI, and performs the request.
1793	Deletes a lock object for a message on a queue, causing it to be unlocked for processing by other receivers. The message must have been previously locked by a receiver.
1794	Receive a message from a queue. Lock the message if `peek_lock` is True, or read and delete it if False. Timeout parameter in seconds.
1795	Method to receive a message from a subscription, either using peek and lock or reading and deleting, with optional timeout parameter.
1796	Creates a new Event Hub if it doesn't exist, with optional properties and error handling.
1797	Updates an Event Hub resource by sending a PUT request with the specified hub properties, including message retention in days. The request includes authorization headers and handles the response to return the updated Event Hub properties.
1798	Retrieves an existing event hub using the provided hub name.
1799	Sends a message to an Event Hub using an HTTP POST request.
1800	Updates(Service Bus) { request.method ['PUT', 'POST', 'MERGE', 'DELETE'] } > request.headers.append(('Content-Length', str(len(request.body)))) Updates(Service Bus) { not GET or HEAD } > request.headers.append(('Content-Type', 'application/atom+xml;type=entry;charset=utf-8')) authentication.sign_request(request, self._httpclient)
1801	return signed string with token
1802	Checks if a token expires within 30 seconds.
1803	Retrieves a token for a request to a Service Bus service by checking a cache first, and if not available or expired, fetches a new token from the access control server using provided credentials and scope.
1804	Parses query string from URI and adds it to request object. Handles existing query parameters. Encodes request path and query parameters.
1805	Update the service principal profile for a managed cluster.
1806	Deletes itself if queue name or topic name and subscription name are found. Raises error if not peek-locked.
1807	Unlocks a message on Azure Service Bus based on if queue or subscription is specified, using sequence number and lock token. Raises error if not peek-locked.
1808	Renews a lock on a queue or subscription message, using the.SequenceNumber and LockToken, or raises an error if not peek-locked.
1809	Adds custom properties, content-type, and BrokerProperties to a request headers.
1810	Returns the message body as a dictionary for batch processing, optionally adding custom and broker properties.
1811	Gets cluster health with optional filters on nodes, applications, and events. Can exclude health statistics and include system application statistics. Supports custom headers and timeout. Returns ClusterHealth or raw response.
1812	This method retrieves the health of a Service Fabric cluster using specified policies and filters. It allows filtering nodes, applications, and events based on their health states, and it can exclude health statistics from the response. The method also supports custom headers and a timeout for the request. If the response is successful (status code 200), it returns the cluster health information; otherwise, it raises an exception.
1813	Removes or unregisters a Service Fabric application type from the cluster by sending a POST request with the specified parameters and handling the response.
1814	Gets a list of repair tasks based on filters and returns them in a list of RepairTask objects. Supports optional custom headers, raw response option, and operation configuration overrides. Raises FabricErrorException on error.
1815	Sends a batch of property operations to the Service Fabric service, committing all or none of them.
1816	A simple error handler for Azure that constructs an error message from an HTTP error, optionally appending the response body, and raises an AzureHttpError with the message and status.
1817	Start capturing network packets for a web site and return an LROPoller for the operation.
1818	Get differences in configuration between two slots in a web app.
1819	Function to swap two deployment slots of an app, handling details like resource group, slot names, and VNet preservation. Returns an LROPoller for long-running operations with optional polling.
1820	This method executes an OData query to retrieve events from Azure Application Insights, allowing filtering, sorting, and other options. It constructs a URL and query parameters based on the provided arguments, sends a GET request, and returns the results as deserialized data or raw response.
1821	Add a face to a large face list using an image stream, returning a persistedFaceId.
1822	Reset authentication attempts on redirects.
1823	Creates and starts a migration from a Standard to a Premium Azure Service Bus namespace, resulting in a long-running operation.
1824	Publishes a batch of events to an Azure Event Grid topic.
1825	Move resources within Azure resource groups, optionally to a different subscription.
1826	Define a new default profile for a class, ensuring the profile is either a KnownProfiles or ProfileDefinition object.
1827	Queries policy tracked resources under a management group with optional query and header parameters. Returns an iterator of PolicyTrackedResource objects. Handles pagination internally.
1828	Create a queue entity with various properties such as lock duration, maximum size, duplicate detection, session support, time to live, and more. Returns the created queue or raises exceptions if the namespace is not found or the queue already exists.
1829	Delete a queue entity by name, optionally raising an exception if the queue does not exist.
1830	Creates a topic entity with specified properties and handles exceptions for connection errors and existing topics.
1831	Deletes a topic entity, raises exceptions on errors.
1832	Create a subscription entity with various properties.
1833	Creates a Client instance from a Service Bus connection string, parsing and processing the components to extract necessary parameters for initialization.
1834	Fetch and return the properties of an entity, updating the local instance with entity-specific details such as session requirements. Handle exceptions for resource not found, connection errors, and invalid credentials.
1835	Determines if a session lock has expired by comparing the current time to the expiration time. Returns True if expired, False otherwise.
1836	Creates a session for a node with specified parameters, handling retention, credentials, and polling. Returns a poller for the operation result.
1837	This method creates an Azure subscription by taking parameters such as the billing account name, invoice section name, and subscription creation parameters. It uses a custom header, optional polling, and operation configuration. The method returns a long-running operation poller that can handle different polling strategies and raw responses.
1838	Exports logs showing API requests made by a subscription in a given time window to display throttling activities. Parameters include request details, location, custom headers, and polling options. Returns an LROPoller for tracking operation status.
1839	Process tasks from results_queue and collect them in a list
1840	Adds tasks to a job, handling exceptions by splitting large chunks, retrying server errors, and re-adding failed tasks to the queue.
1841	Pops tasks from `self.tasks_to_add`, adds them to `results_queue`, and handles errors until out of tasks or encountering an error.
1842	Copies input config, modifies classifier, calculates nspkg and init names, and returns final config.
1843	```
Resets a user's password and handles polling for completion.
```
1844	Starts an environment by starting all resources inside it, handling polling and custom headers. Returns an LROPoller instance.
1845	This method creates a message from a Service Bus cloud server response. It extracts data from the response headers, custom properties, and message properties, then constructs a `Message` object.
1846	Converts an XML etree element to a rule object by parsing the element's content for filter and action expressions, and extracting properties like id, updated, and name.
1847	Converts an XML element representing a queue into a Queue object by extracting attributes and properties. Raises an error if the XML is not valid.
1848	Converts XML etree entry element to-topic object by extracting relevant properties and validating with specified mappings.
1849	Converts an XML entry element to a Subscription object by parsing relevant attributes and nested elements.
1850	Creates a new certificate inside the specified Batch account and handles the response using an AzureOperationPoller.
1851	Deletes a specified certificate in a Batch account.
1852	Returns an instance of a client class initialized with CLI credentials, subscription, and cloud. Overrides with kwargs and handles specific client parameters like adla_job_dns_suffix and base_url. Raises ImportError if azure-cli-core is not available.
1853	Get a client from a JSON auth dict, handle credentials and override parameters.
1854	Initialize a SDK client with authentication from a file.
1855	Parse XML into a custom object structure.
1856	Extracts properties from an element, including etag, updated date, author, and optionally ID or title.
1857	Deletes a certificate associated with a Provisioning Service. Requires resource group name, if-match, service name, and certificate name. Optional parameters include certificate details and custom headers. Returns a ClientRawResponse if raw parameter is true. Raises ErrorDetailsException on failure.
1858	Get a client for a queue entity using the provided queue name, handling connection and resource not found errors.
1859	Lists all queue entities in the namespace and returns a list of QueueClient objects. Raises ServiceBusConnectionError if the namespace is not found.
1860	Get a client for a topic entity using its name. Raise errors if namespace or topic not found.
1861	Retrieve a client for all topic entities in the namespace. Raises ServiceBusConnectionError if namespace is not found.
1862	Receive deferred messages by sequence number with specified mode. Ensure sequence numbers are from the same partition. Handle session-based constraints. Validate input and convert mode. Construct message payload. Use management handler for request-response. Return received messages.
1863	Settle deferred messages by updating their disposition status. Validate settlement type and message list. Handle session-specific constraints.
1864	Lists web sites on a specified webspace.
1865	Create a website in a specified webspace with details such as region, host names, and compute mode, using XML serialization and posting the request.
1866	Delete a website with optional parameters to remove the server farm and metrics.
1867	## Summary
This method updates a website within a specified webspace, optionally setting its state to 'Running' or 'Stopped'. It constructs an XML request and performs an asynchronous PUT request to update the website's details.
1868	Restart the specified web site by posting to a restart path.
1869	Get historical usage metrics for a website. Parameters include webspace_name, website_name, optional metrics list, start time, end time, and time grain.
1870	Fetch metric definitions for a website.
1871	Get a site's publish profile as a string using provided webspace and website names.
1872	Get site publish profile as an object.
1873	Updates container registry policies with optional quarantine and trust policies, supports custom headers and returns an LROPoller for async operation with optional polling.
1874	Create a new cloud service with specified ID, label, description, and geographic region, validate inputs, and perform a PUT request asynchronously.
1875	checks job collection name availability
1876	Retrieves details of a job collection by providing cloud service ID and job collection ID. Validates input parameters, constructs the path, and performs a GET request to retrieve the job collection resource.
1877	Completes a restore operation using an initial response and a custom polling method.
1878	Cancel scheduled messages by sequence number.
1879	Send all pending messages. Returns a list of tuples with send success status and error if any.
1880	Reconnects the handler if disconnected from the service with a retryable error. Attempts to re-queue any pending messages before reconnecting. Handles exceptions raised during reconnection and re-queueing.
1881	Writes a service management certificate from a publish settings file to a specified location and returns the subscription ID.
1882	Load expired cookies for a plugin.
1883	- Checks if input is bytes, decodes to UTF-8 if necessary
- Converts string to list of Unicode code points
- Calculates width based on code point widths
1884	Drops characters from a string or bytes to fit a given length based on terminal width, ignoring non-UTF-8 characters.
1885	Prints a message in place, overwriting the previous line, by clearing the existing line and writing the new one.
1886	Formats file size into human-readable format (bytes, KB, MB, GB, TB)
1887	Converts elapsed seconds into a human-readable format, displaying hours, minutes, and seconds.
1888	Creates a status line with the appropriate size by formatting the given parameters with different progress formats until the resulting string fits within the terminal columns.
1889	def progress(iterator, prefix):
    """Yields iterated data while updating a status line with progress, time, and speed in the terminal."""
    # Trim prefix if too long
    if terminal_width(prefix) > 25:
        prefix = ".." + get_cut_prefix(prefix, 23)

    start = time()
    written = 0
    speed_history = deque(maxlen=5)

    # Iterate over the input data
    for data in iterator:
        yield data

        now = time()
        elapsed = now - start
        written += len(data)

        # Update and print the progress status
        if now - speed_updated >= 0.5:
            speed_history.appendleft((written - speed_written, speed_updated))
            speed_updated = now
            speed_written = written

            speed = sum(h[0] for h in speed_history) / (now - speed_history[-1][1])
            status = format_status_line(prefix, format_filesize(written), format_time(elapsed), format_filesize(speed))
            print_inplace(status)

    # Cleanup after iteration is complete
    sys.stderr.write("\n")
    sys.stderr.flush()
1890	Generates segment numbers and their availability times based on playlist type. For static streams, counts segments from a start number for a given duration. For dynamic streams, calculates segments based on the time since the availability start, considering a suggested delay and buffer time.
1891	def segments(self, **kwargs):
Dynamically yields segments based on templates or lists. Handles dynamic and static content. Takes extra args for segment template.
1892	Pauses the current thread for a specified time and returns True if the time expires normally, False if interrupted by another thread.
1893	Adds segment to download pool and write queue, submits fetch task if segment is not None.
1894	Method waits until a value can be added to a queue, aborting if the thread is closed.
1895	It retrieves parameters for Akamai HD player verification by fetching a SWF file, calculating its SHA-256 hash, and signing it with HMAC-SHA256.
1896	Extracts a nonce from an HTTP response to be used in future requests.
1897	Function to find Video Packet ID in HTML by searching for a pattern in a provided URL or cached response. Returns the extracted VPID or None.
1898	Wrapper around json.loads that catches ValueError, wraps errors in a custom exception with a data snippet, and optionally validates the JSON data against a schema.
1899	Wrapper around ElementTree.fromstring for parsing XML data with options to handle encoding, ignore namespaces, and validate against a schema. Raises custom PluginError with data snippet on failure.
1900	Parses a query string into a dict, ignoring duplicate keys and optionally validating against a schema.
1901	Recursively search for a key in a nested dictionary or list of dictionaries, yielding all matching values.
1902	Spawns a process with optional parameters, arguments, stderr redirection, and timeout. Uses short and long option prefixes for parameters. Returns the spawned process. Times out if specified and kills the process if it doesn't complete within the timeout.
1903	Extracts tags from HTML by regex, yields tag name, attributes, and inner content.
1904	def parse_manifest(cls, session, url_or_manifest, **args):
 Attempts to parse a DASH manifest file and return its streams.
1905	Check the first 4 bytes of a JSON sample for NULL bytes to determine the likely encoding: UTF-32BE, UTF-16BE, UTF-32LE, UTF-16LE, or UTF-8.
1906	This method `json` in a class tries to parse JSON from a response `res`. If the response does not have an encoding, it determines one using `determine_json_encoding` and then uses `parse_json` to parse the JSON content.
1907	```plaintext
 Parses XML from a response.
```
1908	def parse_cookies(self, cookies, **kwargs):
    Parses a semi-colon delimited list of cookies and sets each cookie in self.cookies with optional additional keyword arguments.
1909	Parses a semi-colon delimited list of headers and stores them in a dictionary.
1910	Parses a semi-colon delimited list of query parameters and stores them in `self.params`.
1911	def getMessage(self):
    Combine message with args and return encoded result
1912	This method, `makeRecord`, creates a specialized `LogRecord` instance based on the logger's name and applies optional extra attributes. If the logger name starts with "streamlink", it uses `_LogRecord`; otherwise, it uses `_CompatLogRecord`. It then merges any provided extra attributes into the record, ensuring none of the standard attributes are overwritten.
1913	Attempt a login to LiveEdu.tv using provided credentials, handle CSRF token, and log success or failure.
1914	Loading a plugin by name from the directory of the calling module, handling frozen paths with a workaround.
1915	Update query string in URL based on provided key-value pairs and removals.
1916	Reads FLV tags, adjusts timestamps, and yields them with an optional FLV header.
1917	Traverse arguments and their dependencies, collecting required arguments while detecting cycles.
1918	Checks if a file exists, prompts the user to overwrite it, and exits if not confirmed.
1919	`create_output` determines the output method based on user arguments and returns the corresponding output object.
1920	Creates an HTTP server on the specified host and port, or all interfaces and a random port if not specified. Raises an error if the server cannot be created.
1921	The function iter_http_requests repeatedly accepts HTTP connections on a server, either forever if it's serving externally or while a player is running. It yields connections or continues to the next iteration if an OSError occurs.
1922	Continuously outputs a stream over HTTP, either using a specified player or running a server for external access. Handles HTTP requests, fetches streams, and writes them to the player or server.
1923	This method, `output_stream_passthrough`, prepares a stream for playback by creating a filename and initializing a player object. It then attempts to open the player. If successful, it returns `True`; otherwise, it logs an error and returns `False`.
1924	Attempts to open a stream, reads 8192 bytes to check for errors, and returns the stream and prebuffer if data is found. Raises exceptions on failure.
1925	Open a stream, handle retries, create output, attempt to open it, write the stream, and clean up.
1926	Reads data from a stream and writes it to an output, handling named pipes, progress bars, and errors appropriately.
1927	Decides what to do with a selected stream based on input arguments. Can output an internal command-line, JSON representation, stream URL, or stream data to selected output. Handles alternative stream names and attempts different output methods.
1928	Fetches streams using specified parameters.
1929	Attempts to fetch streams using a plugin, repeating with a specified interval until streams are returned or a limit is reached. Logs errors and retries, raises FatalPluginError.
1930	Returns the real stream name of a synonym by checking if the given stream name is a synonym and exists in the streams dictionary. If so, it iterates through the streams to find the non-synonym name that corresponds to the same stream object. If found, it returns the non-synonym name; otherwise, it returns the original stream name.
1931	Formats a dict of streams, filters out synonyms, and displays them next to the stream they point to. Streams are sorted by quality.
1932	Exception handling wrapper around upstream call, arguments are preprocessed before passing to the upstream function.
1933	Outputs a sorted list of Streamlink plugins, either as JSON or plain text.
1934	The function opens a web browser to authenticate Streamlink with a Twitch account by redirecting to a specified URL.
1935	Expands user paths in a list of directories, checks if each directory exists, and loads plugins if they do. Logs a warning if a directory does not exist or is not a directory.
1936	Parses arguments from command line and config files, handling unknown arguments, and converts stream names to lowercase if specified.
1937	Sets up a console output using the ConsoleOutput class and handles SIGTERM signals.
1938	Sets global HTTP settings using command-line arguments, configuring options such as proxy, cookies, headers, and SSL verification.
1939	Load plugins from the default directory and an optional extra directory.
1940	Sets Streamlink options based on provided arguments.
1941	Logs current OS, Python, Streamlink, and dependency versions if debug logging is enabled.
1942	Try to find a stream_id in the input text using a regular expression. Return the matched stream_id if found, otherwise return None.
1943	Searches for an iframe URL in the given text using a regex pattern and returns a stream object if found.
1944	Sets general options used by plugins and streams originating from this session object.
1945	Returns the current value of a specified option, handling backwards compatibility for certain keys and defaulting to self.options if the key is not recognized.
1946	Sets plugin option for a plugin in the session object.
1947	Checks if plugin exists, retrieves plugin instance, and returns option value.
1948	Attempts to find and use a plugin for a given URL, prefixes default protocol, sorts available plugins by priority, follows redirects, and raises NoPluginError if no suitable plugin is found.
1949	Tem ps a path, loads plugins from that directory.
1950	Converts a timestamp to seconds, handling various formats including hh:mm:ss, 00h00m00s, and pure seconds.
1951	def startswith(string):
    """Returns a function that checks if a string starts with the given value and raises a ValueError if it doesn't."""
1952	Checks if a string ends with another string, raising an error if it does not
1953	```python
def contains(string):
    """Checks if a string contains another string."""
    def contains_str(value):
        validate(text, value)
        if string not in value:
            raise ValueError(f"'{value}' does not contain '{string}'")
        return True

    return contains_str
```
1954	Get an attribute from an object, return a default value if not found.
1955	Returns a new filter function that filters out unwanted items using the specified function, supporting both dicts and sequences.
1956	Apply function to each value inside a sequence or dictionary, expanding key/value pairs when applied to a dictionary.
1957	def validate_url(**attributes):
    """Parses a URL and validates its attributes."""

    def check_url(value):
        validate(text, value)
        parsed = urlparse(value)

        if not parsed.netloc:
            raise ValueError("'{0}' is not a valid URL".format(value))

        for name, schema in attributes.items():
            if not hasattr(parsed, name):
                raise ValueError("Invalid URL attribute '{0}'".format(name))

            try:
                validate(schema, getattr(parsed, name))
            except ValueError as err:
                raise ValueError(
                    "Unable to validate URL attribute '{0}': {1}".format(
                        name, err
                    )
                )

        return True

    if attributes.get("scheme") == "http":
        attributes["scheme"] = any("http", "https")

    return check_url
1958	Given an XPath expression, searches for and returns the first matching XML element, raising an error if no element is found.
1959	Find XML elements using an XPath expression.
1960	Extracts a player URL from an HTTP response by searching for matches with regular expressions, adjusting for HTML entities, and appending a hash if necessary. Returns a complete player URL prefixed with 'http://ceskatelevize.cz/'.
1961	Attempts to parse M3U8 playlist data, optionally using a base URI and a custom parser.
1962	def supported_player(cls, cmd):
    """
    Check if the current player supports adding a title

    :param cmd: command to test
    :return: name of the player|None
    """
    if not is_win32:
        cmd = shlex.split(cmd)[0]
    cmd = os.path.basename(cmd.lower())
    for player, possiblecmds in SUPPORTED_PLAYERS.items():
        for possiblecmd in possiblecmds:
            if cmd.startswith(possiblecmd):
                return player
1963	Logs user into Steam by sending login data and handling potential captchas, email auth, and 2FA.
1964	Extracts the stream_id from an HTML string using a regular expression, logs an error if extraction fails, and returns the extracted stream_id.
1965	Extracts stream options from HTML, returning a nested list of URLs and quality names. Replace empty quality with "source".
1966	Logs in using provided credentials, updates cached cookies, and checks if session is successful.
1967	Maps a key to a function that returns a stream or an iterator of streams. Extra args are passed to the function.
1968	Makes an API call, handles authentication, and validates the response.
1969	Starts a Crunchyroll session and returns the session ID. Takes an authentication parameter if available. Logs the session ID upon creation.
1970	Returns media data by ID, optionally filtering fields and validating with a schema.
1971	def _create_api(self):  
 Instantiates a CrunchyrollAPI object, sets the locale, and attempts to authenticate using saved credentials or provided username/password, handling session initiation and logging errors.
1972	Compresses a byte string using Brotli algorithm with specified mode, quality, sliding window size, and block size. Returns the compressed byte string. Raises error for invalid arguments or compression failure.
1973	Converts a character to a readable format, handling special cases for newline, carriage return, and space, and outputs hexadecimal for non-printable characters.
1974	Formats a string by applying a formatter to each character, truncating if longer than 200 characters.
1975	Reads n bytes from the stream ensuring the position is aligned to a byte boundary.
1976	Retrieves the value for processing, possibly with extra bits if the code supports it. If extra bits are provided and not supported, raises a ValueError. If extra bits are not provided and there are available extra bits, raises a ValueError. Otherwise, returns the value from the code object.
1977	Determines explanation based on code type, using optional extra bits if applicable
1978	Stores the decode table, computes length table, minimum length, and maximum length from encodings, and updates the object's state accordingly.
1979	The provided Python method `setLength` is a part of a class that deals with Huffman decoding tables. It initializes the `decodeTable`, `minLength`, and `maxLength` attributes of the class based on the bit pattern lengths provided in `lengthTable`. The method first calculates the minimum and maximum lengths of the bit patterns. Then, it computes the codes for each length from the maximum length to the minimum length in reverse order. These codes are stored in `self.decodeTable`, ensuring that each code is unique for a given symbol and is in the correct order for decoding. Finally, it calls `switchToPrefix` to prepare the decoding table for use in prefix coding.
1980	Show all words of code in a nice format by creating a table of symbols with binary strings, determining column widths, and printing them in multiple rows.
1981	Reads a symbol from the stream, decodes its length and value using decodePeek, advances the stream position by the length, and returns the length and symbol.
1982	Formats a code explanation with an optional extra value, adjusting the format string based on the presence of extraBits.
1983	Override the method to define custom behavior for calculating the value based on the index and optional extra parameter, ensuring the value stays within the specified range.
1984	Determine the range of possible values for a given index using bit manipulation.
1985	```python
def value(self, index, extra):
    """Return count and value based on index and extra."""
    if index == 0: return 1, 0
    if index <= self.RLEMAX: return (1 << index) + extra, 0
    return 1, index - self.RLEMAX
```
1986	```(i/iExtra;c/cExtra;d0)```
1987	Given an index, return its mnemonic representation. If verbose, compresses strings of x's.
1988	Parse action table to extract and format actions into a list.
1989	Perform the specified action using the given variable.
1990	Create a hex dump of data from a specified position to the current stream position.
1991	Process a Brotli stream, reading and printing various headers and components, including window size, metablock headers, block type descriptors, distance code parameters, context maps, and prefix code lists.
1992	Reads MNIBBLES and meta block length. If empty block, skips and returns True.
1993	Checks if data is uncompressed and handles it by printing and outputting the uncompressed data.
1994	Define block type switch descriptor based on kind. Read number of block types, store count, and if more than one, read block type and count codes, then current block count.
1995	Replaces each element in the input list with its first appearance index.
1996	Read prefix code arrays for different kinds of trees and store them in a dictionary.
1997	Converts intensity array to monochrome image by scaling intensities between 0 and 1 and mapping to specified color.
1998	```markdown
Converts a grayscale image I into a colored image using a sequence of colors. Normalizes I and then applies the specified colors.
```
1999	Converts a vaex DataFrame to anArrow Table.
2000	Adds a method to the Dataset class.
2001	Convert Cartesian velocities to proper motions and radial velocities.
2002	Converts proper motion to perpendicular velocities.
2003	The _graphviz method returns a graphviz.Digraph object representing the expression. It uses a recursive walk function to traverse the expression and create nodes and edges in the graph. If no dot object is provided, it creates a new one with the comment as the expression.
2004	Computes counts of unique values in a dataset, handling string data types and filtering out missing values if specified.
2005	Map expression or column using input dictionary or callable function, handle NaN and null values with specified mappings. Returns modified expression.
2006	Create a vaex app with QApplication mainloop and set the qt api level properly in ipython notebook/jupyter.
2007	Reads a list of filenames, opens each valid file, and concatenates the resulting DataFrames into a single DataFrame.
2008	Connects to a SAMP hub, waits for a table load event, disconnects, downloads the table, and returns it as a DataFrame.
2009	Converts an Astropy Table to a vaex DataFrame.
2010	Create an in-memory DataFrame from numpy arrays. Takes keyword arguments where keys are column names and values are numpy arrays. Automatically handles both numpy arrays and vaex Column objects. Returns a DataFrame with the specified columns and data.
2011	Converts keyword arguments into a DataFrame with a single row.
2012	Converts a pandas DataFrame to a Vaex DataFrame, handling column conversion with error handling.
2013	Reads a CSV file using pandas, converts it to a DataFrame, and optionally copies the index.
2014	Connects to a hostname using the vaex web API and returns a server object without establishing a connection.
2015	def zeldovich(dim=2, N=256, n=-2.5, t=None, scale=1, seed=None):
    """Creates a zeldovich DataFrame.
    """
    import vaex.file
    return vaex.file.other.Zeldovich(dim=dim, N=N, n=n, t=t, scale=scale)
2016	Concatenate a list of DataFrames into a single DataFrame.
2017	def vrange(start, stop, step=1, dtype='f8'): Creates a virtual column mimicking numpy.arange, using no memory.
2018	def open(self, path):
    """Load a dataset from a given path and add it to the UI"""
    logger.debug("Loading dataset: %r", path)
    dataset = vaex.open(path, thread_mover=self.call_in_main_thread if path.startswith("http") or path.startswith("ws") else None)
    self.add_recently_opened(path)
    self.dataset_selector.add(dataset)
    return dataset
2019	Evaluates an expression on the server, supporting various parameters for selection and delay. Expects a dataset object as the caller. Ignores the 'out' parameter for now.
2020	Decorator to delay computation. Wraps a function and returns a promise. When executed, it resolves promises from arguments and keyword arguments, calls the original function with resolved values, and handles errors.
2021	This method finds all columns that a selection depends on for a DataFrame `ds`. It iterates through expressions, converts them to expressions if necessary, and adds their used variables to a set. It also includes variables from any previous selection.
2022	Helper function for returning task results. If immediate, returns the task itself (promise). If not immediate, schedules the task and runs it using an executor. Connects a progress bar if specified, updates it during the task execution, and disconnects it afterward.
2023	### Summary:
Sorts the table by a given column number (0 or 1). If column 0, sorts by pair name; if column 1, sorts by ranking or defaults to no sorting. Reverses the order if specified. Notifies of layout changes before and after sorting.
2024	Reads header data from a Gadget data file, parses it using struct.unpack, and returns Npart, position and velocity offsets, and header information.
2025	clears the cursor by hiding visible lines and an ellipse, and optionally saving the canvas background for blitting.
2026	Waits for plot operations to complete by creating an event and checking its status in a loop. Uses Qt event processing and sleep to ensure plots are finished before proceeding.
2027	Open a document using the default OS handler
2028	Writes to a file or file object, automatically closing if filename is provided.
2029	Combines masks from a list of arrays and logically ors them into a single mask.
2030	Evaluates expression and drops the result for benchmarking, using vaex's lazy evaluation.
2031	def first(self, expression, order_expression, binby=[], limits=None, shape=default_shape, selection=False, delay=False, edges=False, progress=None):
    """Retrieves the first element of a binned expression, ordered by another expression.
    """
    # Summary captures the core functionality and purpose of the method
2032	Calculate the mean of an expression, optionally on a grid defined by binby. Handles delayed computation and progress tracking.
2033	Calculate the sum of an expression, potentially over a grid defined by binby parameters. Returns the sum(s) as a scalar or array based on the input configuration.
2034	Calculate the standard deviation for a given expression, optionally on a grid defined by binby.
2035	Calculate and return the covariance matrix for one or more expressions, optionally binning the data and applying a selection.
2036	Calculate the minimum and maximum values for expressions, optionally on a grid defined by binby.
2037	Calculate the minimum value of a given expression or list of expressions, optionally on a grid defined by binby, with support for limits, shape, and other parameters.
2038	Calculate the median approximation by using the percentile_approx method with a 50th percentile.
2039	def plot_widget(self, x, y, z=None, grid=None, shape=256, limits=None, what="count(*)", figsize=None,
                    f="identity", figure_key=None, fig=None, axes=None, xlabel=None, ylabel=None, title=None,
                    show=True, selection=[None, True], colormap="afmhot", grid_limits=None, normalize="normalize",
                    grid_before=None,
                    what_kwargs={}, type="default",
                    scales=None, tool_select=False, bq_cleanup=True,
                    backend="bqplot",
                    **kwargs):
    """Viz 1d, 2d or 3d in a Jupyter notebook using specified backend (e.g., 'bqplot', 'ipyleaflet', 'ipyvolume', 'matplotlib')"""
2040	Counts non-missing values for an expression on Healpix data, optionally binning and processing subsets.
2041	Plots 2D data using Healpix projection, with options for customizing the plot appearance, such as colormap, smoothing, and rotation.
2042	This function plots a 3D graph using the `ipyvolume` library. It takes coordinates (x, y, z) and optional velocity vectors (vx, vy, vz), and visualizes the data according to the specified parameters.
2043	Return the numpy dtype for a given expression, evaluating the first row if needed, and optionally converting certain types to string.
2044	Returns the path to a private directory for storing metadata and files related to a DataFrame. If create is True, it creates the directory if it does not exist.
2045	Return the internal state of the DataFrame as a dictionary.
2046	Restores the internal state of a DataFrame from a dictionary, Optionally using the active range.
2047	Removes virtual_meta.yaml file and its containing directory if empty.
2048	Writes virtual columns, variables, and their metadata (UCD, description, units) to a YAML file in the DataFrame's private directory. This method is called after adding virtual columns or variables, and updates the metadata when opening the file again to prevent session data loss. Opening the file twice may corrupt the metadata.
2049	Writes metadata, UCDs, descriptions, and units to a YAML file in the DataFrame's private directory. Called after adding virtual columns or variables; metadata is updated upon opening the file.
2050	Generates a Subspaces object from a list of expressions or all combinations of column names based on dimensions, optionally excluding certain combinations.
2051	Set the variable to an expression or value, optionally writing it to a meta file.
2052	def evaluate_variable(self, name):
    """Evaluates the variable given by name. If the value is a string, it attempts to evaluate it using eval. Otherwise, it returns the value directly."""
2053	Returns a _BlockScopeSelection object's evaluate result with optional parameters.
2054	Converts DataFrame to a dict with specified column names and selection. Returns a dictionary containing the ndarray of evaluated data.
2055	Returns a copy of the DataFrame, optionally copying specific columns, selecting data, and including virtual columns and selections.
2056	Converts vaex DataFrame to pandas DataFrame using column names and selection, with options for string handling and index column.
2057	Converts DataFrame to a pyarrow Table object.
2058	Takes a column_names and selection as input, and returns an astropy table object containing the data as ndarrays. If column_names is None, it uses DataFrame.get_column_names to get the column names. The function also allows for the option to include strings 和 virtual columns in the selection. The table includes metadata about the DataFrame, such as the name and description, and also includes metadata for each column, such as the unit and description.
2059	Adds a column to the DataFrame using a numpy array or Column object. Validates that the array or column length matches the DataFrame's length or filtered length, raises ValueError if not. Updates column and column_names attributes accordingly.
2060	Renames a column in memory, updates references in other data structures, and optionally stores the renaming in the state.
2061	Converts cartesian coordinates (x, y) to polar coordinates (r, phi).
2062	Converts velocities from cartesian to spherical coordinates.
2063	Converts Cartesian velocities to polar velocities, optionally propagating uncertainties.
2064	Converts cylindrical polar velocities to Cartesian coordinates.
2065	Rotate 2D points by a given angle, propagate uncertainties if specified.
2066	Convert spherical coordinates (alpha, delta, distance) to cartesian coordinates (x, y, z), optionally propagated with uncertainties and centered.
2067	Converts Cartesian (x,y,z) coordinates to spherical coordinates (alpha, delta, distance), optionally subtracting a center point.
2068	Add a virtual column to the DataFrame based on a given expression. If the name already exists, provide an option to make it unique.
2069	Deletes a virtual column from the DataFrame and emits a signal indicating the column has changed.
2070	Adds a variable to a DataFrame, optionally overwriting and ensuring uniqueness.
2071	Deletes a variable from a DataFrame and emits a signal indicating the change.
2072	Return a shallow copy of a DataFrame with the last n rows.
2073	Display the first and last n elements of a DataFrame using IPython's HTML display functionality.
2074	Generates a pandas DataFrame describing a vaex DataFrame, including column data types, counts, missing values, mean, standard deviation, min, and max. Accepts optional parameters to include string and virtual columns, and to apply a selection filter.
2075	Display a DataFrame from row i1 to i2 in the specified format (default 'html').
2076	Sets the current row and emits a signal if the value is within the valid range.
2077	Returns a list of column names based on specified filters.
2078	The `trim` method returns a new DataFrame with columns trimmed to the active range, or modifies the existing DataFrame in place, adjusting internal attributes to reflect the change.
2079	Returns a DataFrame containing only rows indexed by the provided list or numpy array of indices.
2080	Return a DataFrame with filtered rows, or a trimmed view if no filtering is applied.
2081	Samples rows from a DataFrame randomly, allowing control over number of samples, fraction of samples, replacement, weights, and random state for reproducibility.
2082	Returns a list of DataFrames by splitting the input DataFrame into random portions based on the given fraction or list of fractions. Uses a specified random state for reproducibility.
2083	Splits a DataFrame into ordered subsets based on a fraction or fractions provided. If a single fraction is provided, it divides the DataFrame into two parts with the first part having the size specified by the fraction. If a list of fractions is provided, it divides the DataFrame into as many parts as there are fractions, with each part having a relative size specified by the corresponding fraction.
2084	Sorts a DataFrame based on an expression, with options for ascending or descending order and a specified sorting algorithm.
2085	Returns a new DataFrame with a virtual column converted to an in-memory numpy array.
2086	```undo the selection for the given name using the specified executor or the default one, ensuring undo is possible; decrement the selection history index and emit a signal```
2087	Redo the selection for a given name, updating the selection history index and emitting a signal when successful.
2088	Checks if redo is possible for a given selection name.
2089	the function select allows for boolean expression based selection of columns from a dataset, using a specified mode to combine with previous selections. the history tree is updated accordingly, and undo/redo functionality can be performed on individual selections.
2090	Create a selection that filters rows based on non-missing values in specified columns, using logical operators to combine conditions.
2091	Drop rows with NaN or masked values based on specified parameters and return a shallow copy of the DataFrame.
2092	Removes the 'mode' parameter
2093	Define a method to select a rectangular box in n-dimensional space based on given limits and express the selection using boolean indexing.
2094	Selects a circular region based on x and y coordinates, center, radius, and mode.
2095	Define and apply an elliptical selection using expressions for x and y, center coordinates, width, height, and angle.
2096	_creates a lasso selection using the provided parameters and applies it using the specified executor_
2097	Invert the selection using `selections.SelectionInvert` and apply it through `self._selection`.
2098	Sets the selection object
2099	```python
def selection(self, create_selection, name, executor=None, execute_fully=False):
    """Update selection history with new selection"""
    history = self.selection_histories[name]
    index = self.selection_history_indices[name]
    current = history[index] if history else None
    selection = create_selection(current)
    executor = executor or self.executor
    history.append(selection)
    index += 1
    history = history[:index]
    self.signal_selection_changed.emit(self)
    return vaex.promise.Promise.fulfilled(None)
```
2100	Returns a non-colliding name by postfixing if necessary, excluding hidden columns.
2101	Generates a list of root nodes in a virtual column graph, excluding those used in other virtual columns.
2102	Returns a graphviz.Digraph object representing a graph of all virtual columns.
2103	This method categorizes a column, assigning labels and validating the number of labels against the range of values in the column. If labels are not provided, it generates default labels based on the number of unique values. It also checks if the number of labels is sufficient to cover all values in the column.
2104	Encodes a column as ordinal values and marks it as categorical, renaming the original column and replacing it with a numerical column. Handles missing values and custom encoding values.
2105	Provides direct access to DataFrame columns as numpy arrays via a custom class, enabling tab-completion and efficient data manipulation.
2106	Return the length of the DataFrame, either all rows or selected rows based on the selection parameter. If selection is True, return the sum of the mask if it exists; otherwise, return the total length of the DataFrame. If selection is False, return the length of the DataFrame directly.
2107	Concatenates columns of another DataFrame to the caller, aligning them by row index. Adds a prefix to column names if provided.
2108	Concatenates two DataFrames by adding rows from the second DataFrame to the first, returning a new DataFrameConcatenated.
2109	Exports DataFrame to a vaex HDF5 file with options for column selection, byteorder, shuffling, progress tracking, virtual columns, sorting, and ascending/descending order.
2110	Adds a column to the DataFrame with the given name and data.
2111	Adds a function `f` as a method to the `DataFrame` class with the same name as `f`.
2112	Decorator to register a new function with vaex, allowing it to be used as a method with optional prefixes and scopes.
2113	Replaces missing values in an array with a specified value for numeric and string dtypes.
2114	Converts datetime values to the day of the week, where Monday=0 and Sunday=6. Returns an array of integers.
2115	Converts a datetime array to the ordinal day of the year.
2116	def dt_is_leap_year(x):
    """Check whether a year is a leap year.

    Returns a boolean Series indicating leap years.

    Example:
    >>> df.date.dt.is_leap_year
    Expression = dt_is_leap_year(date)
    Length: 3 dtype: bool (expression)
    ----------------------------------
    0  False
    1   True
    2  False
    """
2117	Extracts year from a datetime column using pandas.
2118	The function `dt_month` extracts the month from a datetime column in a pandas Series and returns the months as an numpy array.
2119	def dt_month_name(x):
    Extracts and returns month names from a datetime column in English.
2120	Extracts day from datetime column using pandas.
2121	Converts a datetime column to day names in English.
2122	`dt_weekofyear` extracts the week ordinal of the year from a datetime column, returning an array of integers representing the week number.
2123	Extracts hour from datetime values.
2124	Extracts the minute from a datetime column using pandas.
2125	from pandas import Series dates = series(x) seconds = dates.dt.second return seconds
2126	Capitalize the first letter of each string in a given array and return a new array with the capitalized strings.
2127	Concatenates two string columns row-by-row and returns the concatenated result.
2128	Checks if a string pattern or regex is contained within a sample of a string column. Returns a boolean expression indicating whether the pattern is found.
2129	Count occurrences of a pattern in a string column.
2130	Return the lowest index of substring 'sub' in each string of a column, or -1 if substring not found.
2131	Extract a character from each string in a column at the specified position. If the position is out of bounds, return ''.
2132	Returns the lowest indices in each string in a column where a provided substring is fully contained, similar to `str.find`, returning -1 if not found.
2133	Converts string samples to lower case using `str.lower()` method. Handles Vaex DataFrame column conversion efficiently.
2134	Removes specified leading characters from a string.
2135	def str_pad(x, width, side='left', fillchar=' '):
    Pad strings to a given width, optionally padding on the left or right with a specified fill character.
2136	Duplicates each string in a column a specified number of times.
2137	Returns the highest index of the substring in each string of a column, or -1 if not found.
2138	def str_rindex(x, sub, start=0, end=None): Returns the highest index in each string where the substring is fully contained, otherwise returns -1.
2139	The `str_rjust` method is a function that pads the left side of strings in a sequence with a specified character until they reach a minimum width. It takes three parameters: the string sequence `x`, the minimal width `width`, and the fill character `fillchar` which defaults to a space. The method returns a new string sequence with the padded strings.
2140	Remove trailing characters from a string sample.
2141	Slices substrings from each string element in a column based on start and stop positions.
2142	Removes leading and trailing characters from a string or a set of characters, both from the left and right sides. If no characters are specified, it removes whitespaces.
2143	converts all string sample to title case
2144	Converts all strings in a column to uppercase.
2145	Tries to convert an array to float, then to int if possible; otherwise, returns the original array.
2146	Converts the object into a numpy record array by copying its dictionary attributes.
2147	Writes properties to a file in Java properties format, optionally adding a comment and timestamp.
2148	Writes a comment to a Java properties file, escaping special characters and handling newlines.
2149	Write a single property to the file in Java properties format. Check for comments, escape key and value, and write them to the file.
2150	Iteratively reads key/value pairs from a Java .properties file. Yields tuples of key/value pairs, optionally including comments.
2151	Wrapper function for file objects. If file was opened with universal newline support, it yields lines as is. Otherwise, it converts Windows-style and Mac-style newlines to Unix-style and yields them line by line.
2152	```text
显示所有librosa依赖项的版本信息
```
2153	Renames a keyword argument if it’s of type Deprecated.
2154	def set_fftlib(lib=None): Set the global FFT library used by librosa to the provided module, or revert to numpy.fft if None is provided.
2155	-Loads audio from input file
-Tracks beats using librosa library
-Estimates and prints tempo
-Saves beat timestamps to CSV file
2156	Load audio, estimate tuning, apply pitch correction, and save.
2157	Converts frame indices to audio sample indices, accounting for optional FFT window offset.
2158	Converts sample indices to STFT frames by dividing by hop length and offsetting by n_fft//2 if provided.
2159	Converts time stamps into STFT frames by first converting times to samples and then samples to frames.
2160	Converts MIDI numbers to note strings with optional octave and cent markers.
2161	Converts frequency in Hz to Mel scale. Uses either the HTK formula or the Slaney formula based on the `htk` flag. Handles both scalar and array inputs.
2162	Converts mel bin numbers to frequencies using either the HTK or Slaney formula.
2163	`fft_frequencies` calculates the frequency bins for a Fast Fourier Transform given the sampling rate (`sr`) and window size (`n_fft`). It returns an array of frequencies from 0 to `sr/2`, spaced evenly.
2164	Compute center frequencies for Constant-Q bins based on given parameters.
2165	Converts Hz frequencies to mels, calculates uniformly spaced mel bins, then converts back to Hz.
2166	Compute A-weighting for frequencies, with optional clipping.
2167	Returns an array of time values corresponding to each frame in a feature matrix or number of frames, using the given sampling rate, hop length, and FFT window length (if provided).
2168	Return sample indices for a feature matrix or number of frames based on hop_length and n_fft.
2169	Computes the hybrid constant-Q transform of an audio signal using pseudo CQT for higher frequencies and full CQT for lower frequencies based on the hop length and filter length.
2170	Compute the pseudo constant-Q transform (pCQT) of an audio signal y. Uses a single FFT size and calculates the magnitude STFT with a Hann window. Projects the STFT onto a pseudo-CQT basis and optionally scales the result.
2171	Compute the inverse constant-Q transform to reconstruct audio from its constant-Q representation.
2172	Generate frequency domain constant-Q filter basis using FFT and sparsify it.
2173	trim and stack CQT responses, remove framing errors, and clip bottom frequencies
2174	def __cqt_response(y, n_fft, hop_length, fft_basis, mode):
    '''Compute the filter response with a target STFT hop.'''
    
    # Compute the STFT matrix
    D = stft(y, n_fft=n_fft, hop_length=hop_length, window='ones', pad_mode=mode)

    # And filter response energy
    return fft_basis.dot(D)
2175	Compute the number of early downsampling operations by taking the minimum of two counts: one based on logarithmic and bandwidth calculations, and another based on the number of twos in the hop length and the specified number of octaves.
2176	Performs early downsampling on an audio signal if applicable, based on the number of octaves and resampling type. Adjusts the hop length, raises an error if the signal is too short, resamples the signal, and compensates for the downsampling factor if not scaling.
2177	Dynamic programming function to calculate and accumulate costs for Dynamic Time Warping (DTW), updating cost matrix D and step matrix D_steps based on precomputed cost matrix C, step sizes, and weights.
2178	def __dtw_backtracking(D_steps, step_sizes_sigma):  Backtracks the optimal warping path using saved step sizes from cost accumulation. Starts at D(N,M) and moves backwards to the first row. Returns list of index pairs for the warping path.
2179	The `_viterbi` function implements the Viterbi algorithm for hidden Markov models. It computes the most probable sequence of hidden states given the observed emissions. The algorithm iteratively calculates the probabilities and stores them in arrays, using these to determine the optimal path back from the final state.
2180	### Viterbi Decoding Function

The function `viterbi_discriminative` implements the Viterbi algorithm for state sequence decoding in a discriminative setting. Given a matrix of state probabilities and a transition matrix, it computes the most likely state sequence that produced the observed data. Optionally, it can return the log-likelihood of the decoded sequence. The function includes parameter checks to ensure the validity of the input matrices and distributions.
2181	Constructs a square transition matrix where each element is 1/n_states, representing uniform probability transitions between n_states.
2182	Constructs a self-loop transition matrix for a given number of states and probabilities.
2183	Constructs a cyclic transition matrix for a given number of states and self-transition probabilities.
2184	Constructs a localized transition matrix for a given number of states, width, window function, and wrap flag. The matrix has maximum values on the diagonal and a specified window shape for nearby states. Width can be a single value or an iterable for variable widths per state. If wrapping is enabled, locality is computed modulo the number of states.
2185	Detects note onsets by finding peaks in an onset strength envelope. Optionally backtracks events to preceding minimum energy. Outputs onset positions in frames, samples, or time units.
2186	Compute spectral flux onset strength envelope from audio or pre-computed spectrogram.
2187	Backtracks detected onset events to the nearest preceding local minimum of an energy function, adjusting onset timing for segmentation purposes.
2188	Computes spectral flux onset strength envelope across multiple channels.
2189	Saves time steps and annotations (if provided) to a CSV file with specified delimiter and format. Raises an error if annotations' length doesn't match times' length.
2190	Saves a time series as a .wav file, supporting mono or stereo floating-point data. Validates input, normalizes (optional), and converts to required format before saving using scipy's wavfile.write method.
2191	Get default colormap based on data type and distribution.
2192	Plots the amplitude envelope of a waveform, with options for downsampling, axis labeling, and transparency.
2193	Helper function for setting the current image in pyplot mode. If `ax` is `None`, sets the current image using `plt.sci(img)`.
2194	def __mesh_coords(ax_type, coords, n, **kwargs):
    '''Compute axis coordinates'''
    if coords is not None:
        if len(coords) != n:
            raise ParameterError('Coordinate shape mismatch')
        return coords
    if ax_type not in coord_map:
        raise ParameterError('Unknown axis type')
    return coord_map[ax_type](n, **kwargs)
2195	Check if "axes" is an instance of an axis object and return it. If "axes" is None, get the current axes with `gca()`. If "axes" is not an instance of `Axes`, raises a ValueError.
2196	Set the scaling for axes based on the axis type and which axis to scale.
2197	Get FFT frequencies centered at their frequencies and clipped to the non-negative range.
2198	Define a function to compute Mel-frequency bins. Calculates the center frequencies and adjusts them according to Mel scaling. Ensures the first frequency is at least 0 and appends the maximum frequency.
2199	Get CQT bin frequencies
2200	The function `__coord_chroma(n, bins_per_octave=12, **_kwargs)` calculates chroma bin numbers using `np.linspace` to create `n+1` evenly spaced values between 0 and `(12.0 * n) / bins_per_octave`.
2201	Get time coordinates from frames using a specified number of frames, sample rate, and hop length.
2202	Estimates the tuning of an audio time series or spectrogram input. Uses pitch tracking by parabolic interpolation to determine tuning deviation from the expected pitch.
2203	Pitch tracking using parabolic interpolation on a spectrogram.
2204	Decompose audio into harmonic and percussive components using the STFT-HPSS-ISTFT pipeline.
2205	`harmonic` extracts the harmonic component of an audio time-series by first computing the STFT, separating harmonic and percussive elements using HPSS, and then inverting the transformed harmonic elements back to the time domain.
2206	Extracts percussive elements from an audio time series by separating harmonic and percussive components using HPSS, then inverting the resulting STFT.
2207	Stretches or compresses an audio time series by a fixed rate using phase vocoding.
2208	Shifts a waveform by a specified number of half-steps using time-stretching and resampling.
2209	Remixes an audio signal by reordering time intervals. Aligns boundaries to zero-crossings if specified.
2210	Converts the audio signal to mono, computes the Root Mean Square (RMS) for each frame, and then determines if the frame is non-silent based on whether the decibel level is below the specified threshold.
2211	def trim(y, top_db=60, ref=np.max, frame_length=2048, hop_length=512):
    Trims leading and trailing silence from an audio signal. Uses a threshold (in decibels) below a reference power to detect silence. Returns the trimmed signal and the interval of the non-silent region.
2212	Splits an audio signal into non-silent intervals based on a specified threshold and frame length.
2213	The phase_vocoder function STFT matrix by a given rate while maintaining the pitch.
2214	Convert an amplitude spectrogram to dB-scaled spectrogram by scaling the magnitude relative to a reference value and then applying a power-to-dB conversion.
2215	Computes or retrieves a magnitude spectrogram from either an audio time series or a pre-existing spectrogram input.
2216	HPSS beat tracking: Loads audio file, performs harmonic-percussive separation, tracks beats on the percussive component, extracts beat times, and saves them as a CSV file.
2217	```python
def decompose(S, n_components=None, transformer=None, sort=False, fit=True, **kwargs):
    """Decompose feature matrix into components and activations using NMF or other sklearn.decomposition-type objects. Sort and return components and activations."""
```
2218	Function `nn_filter` filters input data by replacing each data point with the result of aggregating its nearest neighbors. Optionally takes a pre-computed nearest-neighbor matrix or computes one. Supports different aggregation methods, such as averaging or median. Axis along which to filter can be specified. Returns the filtered data.
2219	Applies a nearest-neighbor filter to observation data `S` using a recurrence matrix. Filters each observation based on its nearest neighbors, using an aggregation function. Returns the filtered data array.
2220	Create a Mel-frequency filterbank matrix to transform FFT bins into Mel-frequency bins.
2221	Create a chroma filter matrix to convert STFT to chroma representation, handling sampling rate, FFT bins, and various normalization and weighting options.
2222	Decorator wrapping a window function to ensure it outputs the correct length for fractional inputs, zero-padding if necessary, and setting extra values to zero.
2223	Constructs a frequency-domain constant-Q basis.
2224	This function calculates the lengths of filters in a constant-Q basis for audio processing. It takes parameters such as sampling rate, minimum frequency, number of bins, and tuning, and returns the lengths of each filter. It includes error checking and frequency range validation.
2225	Converts a Constant-Q basis to Chroma by merging bins, rotating, and optionally applying a window.
2226	Computes the equivalent noise bandwidth of a window function using FFT bins.
2227	Computes a window function based on the provided window specification and window length, optionally using FFT bins for periodicity.
2228	Helper function to construct a multirate filterbank using `scipy.signal.iirdesign`. Takes center frequencies, sample rates, Q factor, passband ripple, stopband attenuation, filter type, and output layout as input, and returns the filterbank and sample rates.
2229	Generates center frequencies and sample rates for filterbank settings, starting from C0 and varying sample rates for different frequency ranges.
2230	Calculate the sum of squares of a window for each frame in a signal.
2231	Compute the sum-square envelope of a window function for given parameters, used to estimate modulation effects in short-time Fourier transforms, with options to specify the window, number of frames, hop length, and other parameters.
2232	Builds a two-dimensional diagonal filter for smoothing matrices, using a specified window, slope, angle, and whether to return a zero-mean kernel.
2233	Computes spectral centroid from audio time series or spectrogram magnitude.
2234	def spectral_rolloff(y=None, sr=22050, S=None, n_fft=2048, hop_length=512, win_length=None, window='hann', center=True, pad_mode='reflect', freq=None, roll_percent=0.85):
    Computes the roll-off frequency, which is the center frequency of the spectral bin containing a specified percentage (default 0.85) of the total spectral energy. The function can take either a time-series audio signal or a pre-computed spectrogram. The roll-off frequency helps approximate the maximum or minimum frequency in the signal.
2235	Computes spectral flatness, a measure of how much noise-like a sound is compared to being tone-like. Returns flatness for each frame in the input audio or spectrogram.
2236	Fits an nth-order polynomial to the columns of a spectrogram.
2237	Compute the zero-crossing rate of an audio time series by analyzing frames of audio data. The function pads the audio if centering is specified, frames the audio, and then calculates the mean zero-crossing rate for each frame.
2238	Compute a chromagram from a waveform or power spectrogram using a chroma filter bank, applying spectrogram computation, tuning estimation, and normalization.
2239	```python
def chroma_cqt(y, sr, C=None, hop_length, fmin=None, norm=np.inf, threshold=0.0, tuning=None, n_chroma=12, n_octaves=7, window=None, bins_per_octave=None, cqt_mode='full'):
    '''Compute chromagram using Constant-Q transform'''
```
2240	Compute a mel-scaled spectrogram from a time-series or a pre-computed spectrogram.
2241	Jaccard similarity between two intervals by calculating their intersection and union.
2242	Find the best Jaccard match between a query and candidates.
2243	This function matches intervals from one set to another using sorting and binary search. It identifies overlapping intervals or finds the closest non-overlapping intervals based on the provided `strict` flag.
2244	Match intervals from `intervals_from` to `intervals_to` based on Jaccard similarity, handling strict and non-strict matching.
2245	def match_events(events_from, events_to, left=True, right=True):
    Match events from one array to another, optionally considering only events to the left or right of a match.
    Raises errors if input arrays are empty, or if neither left nor right matching is possible.
2246	Computes the harmonic salience of a frequency representation by interpolating harmonics, applying weights, and optionally filtering peaks.
2247	Compute energy at specified harmonics in a frequency-based energy representation using interpolation.
2248	Define `harmonics_1d` to compute harmonic energies from a time-frequency representation. Uses `scipy.interpolate.interp1d` for interpolation. iterates over specified harmonics and frequencies to populate the output tensor `harmonic_out`. Handles both time-averaged tempograms and spectrograms with optional subharmonics.
2249	def harmonics_2d(harmonic_out, x, freqs, h_range, kind='linear', fill_value=0, axis=0):
    '''Computes 2D harmonics from a time-frequency representation with time-varying frequencies using harmonics_1d.'''
2250	Load audio file as a floating-point time series, optionally resampling, converting to mono, and specifying start offset and duration.
2251	def __audioread_load(path, offset, duration, dtype):
    '''Load an audio buffer using audioread. This loads one block at a time, then concatenates the results.'''
2252	Converts stereo audio to mono by averaging the two channels.
2253	Resample a time series from the original sampling rate to a target sampling rate using various algorithms, adjusting length and scaling as needed.
2254	Computes an auto-correlation of input array `y` up to a maximum lag `max_size`. Returns the truncated auto-correlation along the specified `axis`. If `max_size` is not provided, the function returns the full auto-correlation. The result is real if the input array is real.
2255	Linear Prediction Coefficients estimation via Burg's method on a time series with a specified order.
2256	Generates a click signal at specified times or frames, customizable frequency and duration.
2257	Generates a pure tone signal as a cosine wave with specified parameters.
2258	Generates a chirp signal with frequencies ranging from `fmin` to `fmax`, either linearly or exponentially, over a specified duration or length.
2259	Helper function to filter and retrieve files of specific types in a given directory.
2260	```python
def stretch_demo(input_file, output_file, speed):
    """Phase-vocoder time stretch demo function.

    Loads an audio file, stretches it by a specified speed, and saves the output.
    """
```
2261	Function `process_arguments` parses command-line arguments for input and output file paths, as well as an optional speed factor for time stretching, returning them as a dictionary.
2262	HPSS_demo splits an audio file into harmonic and percussive components using librosa's hpss function and saves them as separate WAV files.
2263	Dynamic programming beat tracker that detects beats in three stages: onset strength measurement, tempo estimation, and peak picking. Uses precomputed onset envelope or audio time series as input. Outputs estimated tempo and beat event locations in specified units.
2264	def __beat_tracker(onset_envelope, bpm, fft_res, tightness, trim):
    Converts BPM to sample period, computes local score, runs DP, reconstructs beat path, and trims beats. Returns frame numbers of beat events.
2265	Create a local score for an onset envelope using a Gaussian window and convolution.
2266	Beat tracking dynamic programming method. Calculates optimal beat locations using local scores and dynamic programming approach, considering window and tightness. Updates cumulative scores and backlinks iteratively to find best preceding beats.
2267	Returns the last beat index from a cumulative score array by finding the local maxima, selecting the median score among them, and then identifying the index where the cumulative score is significantly higher than the median.
2268	Converts a recurrence matrix to a lag matrix.
2269	Converts a lag matrix to a recurrence matrix by shifting the lagged values diagonally and removing unnecessary rows.
2270	Wraps a filtering function to operate in time-lag space, facilitating adaptation for use with recurrence matrices.
2271	Sub-divides audio segments into smaller sub-segments using agglomerative clustering.
2272	agglomerative: Bottom-up temporal segmentation using agglomerative clustering to partition data into k contiguous segments.
2273	This function smooths a self- or cross-similarity matrix by convolving it with multiple diagonal filters at different tempo ratios and aggregating the results. The smoothing filters are generated based on a specified window type and range of tempo ratios. The function allows for options to make the filters zero-mean, clip the output to non-negatives, and pass additional arguments to the convolution process.
2274	Load audio file, resample to 22.050 KHz, detect onsets using librosa, convert frame numbers to times, and save onset timestamps to a CSV file.
2275	Slices a 1D numpy array into overlapping frames using low-level memory manipulation.
2276	def valid_audio(y, mono=True):
    '''Validate whether a variable contains valid, mono/audio data. Raises ValueError if invalid.'''
    if not isinstance(y, np.ndarray):
        raise ValueError('data must be of type numpy.ndarray')
    if not np.issubdtype(y.dtype, np.floating):
        raise ValueError('data must be floating-point')
    if mono and y.ndim != 1:
        raise ValueError('Invalid shape for monophonic audio')
    elif y.ndim > 2 or y.ndim == 0:
        raise ValueError('Audio must have shape (samples,) or (channels, samples)')
    if not np.isfinite(y).all():
        raise ValueError('Audio buffer is not finite everywhere')
    return True
2277	Ensure that an input value is integer-typed, using an optional cast function to modify the value before casting. Raises an error if the cast function is not callable.
2278	Fixes the length of an array to a specified size by padding or trimming.
2279	Sorts a 2D array by either rows or columns, based on a specified sorting criterion. Returns the sorted array and optionally the sorting index.
2280	Normalize an array along a chosen axis by scaling it so that the specified norm (e.g., max, l_p) equals 1. Support thresholding small-norm slices and filling with zeros or uniform values.
2281	```python
def localmax(x, axis=0):
    """Find local maxima in an array `x`. Marks each element as True if it's a local maximum
    along the specified axis based on adjacent elements."""
```
2282	def peak_pick(x, pre_max, post_max, pre_avg, post_avg, delta, wait):
    Identifies peaks in a signal based on local maxima and mean threshold. Returns indices of selected peaks.
2283	Remove small magnitude values from each row of a matrix based on a specified quantile, resulting in a row-sparse matrix approximation.
2284	Rolls a sparse matrix or NumPy array along a specified axis by a given number of positions. Handles both sparse and dense inputs, returning a rolled matrix of the same type and format.
2285	def buf_to_float(x, n_bytes=2, dtype=np.float32):
    """Converts an integer buffer to floating point values.

    Parameters
    ----------
    x : np.ndarray [dtype=int]
        Integer-valued data buffer
    n_bytes : int [1, 2, 4]
        Bytes per sample in `x`
    dtype : numeric type
        Target output type (default: 32-bit float)

    Returns
    -------
    x_float : np.ndarray [dtype=float]
        Input data buffer cast to floating point
    """
    scale = 1./float(1 << ((8 * n_bytes) - 1))
    fmt = '<i{:d}'.format(n_bytes)
    return scale * np.frombuffer(x, fmt).astype(dtype)
2286	Generates a list of slice objects from an index array, adjusting boundaries and adding padding as specified.
2287	Synchronizes a multi-dimensional array by aggregating data between boundaries defined by `idx`. Supports custom aggregation functions and padding of indices. Returns a new array with reduced dimensions along the specified axis.
2288	Computes a soft or hard mask based on the input arrays X and X_ref. The mask is computed using the formula M = X**power / (X**power + X_ref**power) for finite power, or as a hard mask (X > X_ref) for infinite power. The mask is split between 0.5 and 0.0 if both X and X_ref are small.
2289	Compute the smallest representable number for a given data type, falling back to float32 if integer.
2290	The `frames2video` function reads frames from a specified directory and combines them into a video file. It takes parameters such as the frame directory, output video file, FPS, fourcc code, filename template, start and end frame indices, and a flag to show progress. The function handles the creation of the video writer, reading of images, and writing to the video file, optionally showing a progress bar during the process.
2291	Reads the next frame from a video capture object. If the frame is already in a cache, returns it directly. If not, decodes and caches it before returning. Advances the position if successful. Returns the frame or None if read fails.
2292	get_frame retrieves a frame by index, handling cases where the index is out of bounds, utilizing a cache for faster access, and updating the internal position accordingly. If successful, it returns the frame; otherwise, it returns None.
2293	Converts video frames to image files with specified parameters.
2294	track_progress: Function to track execution of tasks with a progress bar. Accepts a function, tasks, and optional bar_width. Returns task results in a list.
2295	Track the progress of parallel task execution with a progress bar using `multiprocessing`.
2296	Flips an image horizontally or vertically based on the specified direction.
2297	Rotates image by specified angle around given center or the center of the image if no center is provided. Optional scaling and border value can be set. If auto_bound is True, image size is adjusted to cover the rotated image. Uses cv2.getRotationMatrix2D and cv2.warpAffine for rotation and warping respectively.
2298	Clip bounding boxes to fit the image dimensions.
2299	Scale bounding boxes centered on their coordinates by a given factor, optionally clip to a specified shape.
2300	def imcrop(img, bboxes, scale=1.0, pad_fill=None):
    Crop image patches by scaling, clipping, and padding bounding boxes.
2301	Pads an image with a specified value or values to match the given shape.
2302	Pads an image so that its height and width are multiples of a specified divisor.
2303	Scale a size (width, height) by a ratio and return the new size as integers.
2304	Resizes an image to a specified size using the given interpolation method and returns the resized image. Optionally returns the scaling factors for both dimensions.
2305	Resizes an image to match the dimensions of another image using bilinear interpolation by default, and optionally returns scaling factors.
2306	Resizes an image while maintaining aspect ratio based on a given scale factor or maximum size. Returns the rescaled image and optionally the scale factor.
2307	Registers a file handler for specified file formats. Validates handler and formats before registration.
2308	Converts priority input to an integer value.
2309	Dequantize an array by scaling and shifting values based on specified minimum and maximum values, quantization levels, and data type. Returns the dequantized array.
2310	Show an image using OpenCV's imshow function.
2311	Draws bounding boxes on an image and provides options to display, save, or return the image.
2312	Reads optical flow data from either a numpy array or a file. If a file is provided, it checks the header and parses the dimensions and flow data. If `quantize` is True, it reads the quantized flow as concatenated dx and dy arrays and decodes them using `dequantize_flow`. The result is returned as a (h, w, 2) numpy array of floats.
2313	Write optical flow to file as a .flo file or quantize and save as a jpeg image.
2314	Dequantize quantized flow values. If denorm is True, multiply flow values with width/height. Returns dequantized flow.
2315	```python
def load_state_dict(module, state_dict, strict=False, logger=None):
    """Load state_dict into a module, handling unexpected and missing keys."""
    unexpected_keys = []
    missing_keys = []
    own_state = module.state_dict()

    for name, param in state_dict.items():
        if name not in own_state:
            unexpected_keys.append(name)
        else:
            try:
                own_state[name].copy_(param)
            except Exception as e:
                raise RuntimeError(f"Error copying parameter {name}: {e}")

    missing_keys = set(own_state.keys()) - set(state_dict.keys())

    err_msg = []
    if unexpected_keys:
        err_msg.append('unexpected key in source state_dict: {}\n'.format(
            ', '.join(unexpected_keys)))
    if missing_keys:
        err_msg.append('missing keys in source state_dict: {}\n'.format(
            ', '.join(missing_keys)))
    err_msg = '\n'.join(err_msg)

    if err_msg:
        if strict:
            raise RuntimeError(err_msg)
        elif logger is not None:
            logger.warn(err_msg)
        else:
            print(err_msg)
```
2316	Load a model checkpoint from a file, URL, or modelzoo.
2317	Copy a model's state_dict to the CPU.
2318	Saves model checkpoint with metadata, state dict, and optionally optimizer state dict to a file.
2319	Initializes optimizer from a dict or an optimizer object, returning an optimizer object.
2320	Initializes a logger with optional log directory and logging level. If a log directory is provided, it adds a file handler with a timestamped log file name. Returns the configured logger.
2321	Returns the current learning rates of all parameter groups in the optimizer.
2322	Register a hook with a specified priority. Lower priority values indicate higher priority. Hooks are inserted into a sorted list based on their priority. If a hook already has a priority attribute, a ValueError is raised. If the hook's priority is not specified, it defaults to 'NORMAL'. If no suitable position is found for the hook, it is inserted at the beginning of the list.
2323	```Start running with specified data loaders, workflow, and max epochs. Iterates through workflow, running epochs for each specified mode. Calls hooks before and after running.```
2324	Registers default hooks for training including LrUpdaterHook, OptimizerStepperHook, CheckpointSaverHook, IterTimerHook, and LoggerHook(s).
2325	Converts a video using ffmpeg with custom options and handles printing the command.
2326	Resizes a video to specified dimensions or ratio while optionally maintaining the aspect ratio and logging the FFmpeg command.
2327	Cut a video clip from a specified start time to end time, with options to change the output codec and log level.
2328	Concatenate multiple videos into a single file using FFmpeg, specifying output codecs and log level.
2329	Reads a file, skips specified lines, and appends each line to a list with an optional prefix, limited by a maximum number of lines.
2330	Read a text file, parse each line into key-value pairs, convert the key using the specified type, and store them in a dictionary.
2331	3x3 convolution with padding and dilation
2332	Create object from dict using class type and arguments
2333	def imread(img_or_path, flag='color'): Read image from path or array. Handle different image types and flags. Return loaded image array.
2334	Reads an image from bytes and decodes it into a NumPy array using OpenCV, with an optional flag to specify the color mode.
2335	Write image to file with optional parameters and auto-mkdir functionality. Returns success status.
2336	Converts a BGR image to a grayscale image, optionally preserving the number of dimensions.
2337	Converts a grayscale image to BGR image. If input is 2D, adds a channel dimension. Uses cv2.cvtColor for conversion. Returns BGR image ndarray.
2338	Cast elements of an iterable object into a specified type, optionally converting the result to a specified return type.
2339	Check if a sequence is of a specified type and contains items of another specified type
2340	Slices a list into multiple sublists based on a list of given lengths.
2341	A decorator factory to check if prerequisites are satisfied.
2342	Computes the weighted average of the latest n values or all values in self.val_history using the corresponding numbers in self.n_history and stores the result in self.output.
2343	Defining scatter function for distributing tensors across multiple GPUs.
2344	Converts various input types to a BGR color tuple.
2345	def check_time(timer_id):
    """Register a timer or return the elapsed time since the last check.

    Args:
        timer_id (str): Timer identifier.

    Returns:
        float: Time elapsed since the last check in seconds.
    """
    if timer_id not in _g_timers:
        _g_timers[timer_id] = Timer()
        return 0
    else:
        return _g_timers[timer_id].since_last_check()
2346	Start the timer if it's not already running. Update the last recorded time.
2347	Calculate total time since timer start; raise error if not running.
2348	Calculates the time elapsed since the last checking operation. If the timer is not running, raises an error. Updates the last check time and returns the duration in seconds.
2349	def flowshow(flow, win_name='', wait_time=0): Displays optical flow image. Converts binary flow to RGB, then BGR for display. Uses imshow with specified window name and wait time.
2350	Convert flow map to RGB image using color wheel and ignore values above threshold
2351	Builds a color wheel with customizable bins for each color range, defaulting to [15, 6, 4, 11, 13, 6]. Returns a 2D array of shape (total_bins, 3).
2352	Computes the top-k accuracy for given outputs and targets.
2353	Scatter function distributes input tensors or objects to specified GPUs.
2354	Scatters inputs and kwargs to specified GPUs, ensuring both have equal length by padding with empty tuples or dictionaries if necessary.
2355	Fetches data using aiohttp, handles delays, timeouts, response parsing, and retries.
2356	Reads and decodes a JSON response asynchronously.
2357	Read response payload, decode with optional encoding and error handling.
2358	Possibly empty
2359	Asynchronously sends requests to multiple URLs and yields responses. If is_gather is True, uses asyncio.gather to handle all requests concurrently and yields successful responses. If False, sends requests sequentially and yields responses one by one.
2360	Initialize a Request class with optional parameters and default values, update headers and configurations, and return a Request instance.
2361	Starts the crawling process by enqueuing initial requests and launching worker tasks. Waits for all requests to complete before stopping.
2362	Converts tasks to have an action key and normalizes arguments to Python objects. Handles errors by raising a SystemExit with task details.
2363	Adds line numbers to YAML nodes while parsing, storing them in a special key.
2364	Returns full distribution name with hyphens replaced by underscores
2365	Return archive basename without extension by combining distribution name and tags.
2366	Adds requirements from setup.cfg to metadata_path, overwriting existing 'Provides-Extra' and 'Requires-Dist' fields.
2367	```python
def convert_egg_to_dist(egginfo_path, distinfo_path):
    """Convert an .egg-info directory to a .dist-info directory."""
    def safe_delete(path):
        """Delete directory, file, or link."""
        if os.path.exists(path) and not os.path.islink(path) and os.path.isdir(path):
            shutil.rmtree(path)
        elif os.path.exists(path):
            os.unlink(path)

    safe_delete(distinfo_path)

    if not os.path.exists(egginfo_path):
        possible = glob.glob(os.path.join(os.path.dirname(egginfo_path), '*.egg-info'))
        raise ValueError(f"Metadata expected at {egginfo_path} but not found{' (' + os.path.basename(possible[0]) + ' found - possible misnamed archive file?)' if possible else ''}")

    if os.path.isfile(egginfo_path):
        pkginfo_path = egginfo_path
        pkg_info = self._pkginfo_to_metadata(egginfo_path, egginfo_path)
        os.mkdir(distinfo_path)
    else:
        pkginfo_path = os.path.join(egginfo_path, 'PKG-INFO')
        pkg_info = self._pkginfo_to_metadata(egginfo_path, pkginfo_path)
        shutil.copy
2368	def text(text: str, speak: str = None, input_hint: Union[InputHints, str] = InputHints.accepting_input) -> Activity:
    Creates an Activity message with text and optional speech.
2369	Returns a message with suggested actions, optional text, and input hint.
2370	Creates a message activity with a single attachment.
2371	Returns an activity displaying a list of attachments.
2372	Builds an image or video attachment message with the given URL and content type. Optionally includes name, text, speech, and input hint.
2373	Creates a trace activity from an existing activity, allowing customization of the name, value, value_type, and label.
2374	Sets the telemetry client if provided, otherwise uses a null client for logging events.
2375	Reads items from a Cosmos DB container based on provided keys.
2376	Save store items to storage, handling inserts and updates with conditional concurrency based on e_tags.
2377	Asynchronously delete items from storage using provided keys. Handling exceptions for non-existent keys and TypeError.
2378	Create a StoreItem from a result object, extracting data and version from CosmosDB.
2379	Return dictionary of StoreItem attributes excluding non-magic attributes and e_tag.
2380	Replace forbidden characters in a key with '* and their Unicode code points
2381	```
Define a method to create or get a database and a container.
```
2382	Check for a database by ID and create it if it doesn't exist, then return the database ID.
2383	Check if container exists, return link if found, create and return if not.
2384	```python
Fills QnA event properties and metrics for telemetry. Returns EventData containing question, answer, and other details from query results.
```
2385	Returns the conversation reference for an activity as a JSON object for proactive messaging.
2386	Generate a unique name for a step in a waterfall process using its index, defaulting to a generic name if the step's qualified name is empty or contains certain characters.
2387	Determines channel support for suggested actions based on button count.
2388	Check if a channel supports a given number of card actions
2389	Returns the Channel ID from the current Activity in the Turn Context, or an empty string if not available.
2390	Determines if a given Auth header is from the Bot Framework Emulator by checking the format, scheme, and issuer of the token.
2391	Returns an attachment for a hero card, raising a TypeError if the card is not an instance of HeroCard.
2392	check if params already defined, if not, recursively get params from definition and store them
2393	For a composite instruction, recursively mirrors all sub-instructions and returns a new instruction with the sub-gates reversed in order.
2394	def inverse(self):
    """Returns the inverse of the instruction. Recursively inverts a composite instruction's definition. Raises QiskitError if the instruction is not composite and an inverse is not implemented."""
2395	def c_if(self, classical, val):
    Adds classical control on register classical and value val.
    Raises QiskitError if classical is not a ClassicalRegister or val is negative.
    Sets self.control to (classical, val) and returns self.
2396	Copies the current instruction shallowly, optionally updating its name.
2397	Check if control is None, return string if true, otherwise prepend if statement.
2398	Return a default OpenQASM string for the instruction with optional parameters formatted as a string.
2399	Run all passes on a QuantumCircuit, returning the transformed circuit.
2400	Turns a pass and its dependencies into a DAG circuit.
2401	Returns a list of passes and their options.
2402	Fetched passes from flow controller, returns a dictionary containing options, passes (recursively fetched if pass_ is a FlowController), and the type of the flow controller.
2403	Constructs a flow controller based on partially evaluated controller arguments, validates input, and returns a corresponding FlowController instance. Raises TranspilerError if well-formedness conditions are not met.
2404	Apply UBase transformation to q with parameters theta, phi, and lam.
2405	Applies a single qubit gate and returns the corresponding U gate parameters. Raises an error for invalid gate names.
2406	Get a matrix for a single qubit gate using specified parameters.
2407	Return indices string for Numpy.einsum matrix-matrix multiplication.
2408	Returns an index string for Numpy.einsum matrix-vector multiplication.
2409	The function generates index strings for NumPy.einsum matrix multiplication, considering gate indices and total number of qubits. It ensures the index labels do not exceed 26, updates indices accordingly, and returns the left and right matrix indices, input tensor indices, and output tensor indices.
2410	Convert a QuantumCircuit to a DAGCircuit.
2411	def exp_fit_fun(x, a, tau, c): Fits exponential decay with parameters a, tau, and c.
2412	Fits a decay cosine function to data.
2413	Plots coherence data with error bars and a fit function, displaying parameters and units.
2414	Converts raw RB data to mean and std dev across seeds
2415	```plaintext
Plots randomized benchmarking data. Takes sequence lengths, survival probabilities, means, errors, fit params, and a survival probability function. Optionally takes a plot axis and a flag to display the plot.
```
2416	Splits runs containing parameterized gates into sequential runs excluding them.
2417	Compose two u3 gates by combining their parameters theta, phi, and lambda.
2418	Convert a Y.Z.Y rotation matrix to a Z.Y.Z rotation matrix by solving for theta, phi, and lambda.
2419	Validates input quantum state for visualization, ensuring it is a square matrix representing a multi-qubit quantum state. Raises error if invalid.
2420	Trim a PIL image by removing white space around the edges.
2421	Get the list of qubits covered by a gate, considering both qargs and cargs.
2422	Converts a QuantumCircuit to an Instruction object, preserving its properties and operations.
2423	Picks the best layout based on qubit connectivity, sets the `layout` property, and raises an error if the DAG has more qubits than the device.
2424	Computes best qubit mapping based on connectivity for a given number of qubits. Returns an array of qubits for optimal connectivity.
2425	Applies a barrier to selected qubits or all qubits if no args are provided.
2426	Computes the mean value of a diagonal observable by averaging its values over the outcomes in a given experiment.
2427	def _process_bit_id(self, node):
       Process an Id or IndexedId node as a bit or register type. Return a list of (Register,index) tuples.
2428	Processes a custom unitary node by handling arguments and bits, then either creates a DAG operation if the gate is defined or raises an error if undefined.
2429	def _process_gate(self, node, opaque=False):
    Process a gate node and store its properties in a dictionary.
    The properties include the node name, whether it's opaque, the number of arguments and bits, the argument names,
    the bit names, and the body of the node (if not opaque).
2430	Process a CNOT gate node by iterating through bit IDs, applying CXBase operations, and handling qreg size mismatches.
2431	The `_process_measure` method processes a measurement node by extracting bit IDs from its children, ensuring they match in length, and then applying a Measurement operation to each pair of IDs.
2432	### Summary ###
Processes an if node by setting the condition, processing the true branch, and then clearing the condition.
2433	Creates a DAG node for a quantum operation based on the given name, parameters, and qubits, and applies it to the DAG. Raises an error for unknown operations.
2434	Return the total duration of the given channels by calling ch_duration on timeslots.
2435	Return minimum start time for given channels
2436	Return maximum start time for given channels
2437	Iterable for flattening Schedule tree. Yields time and flattened ScheduleComponent.
2438	Validates a value against the expected types, raising an error if it doesn't match.
2439	Adds unknown fields from original data to valid data during serialization.
2440	Merges additional unknown keys from original data into validated data. If many is True, iterates over lists. Adds unknown keys to valid data without processing. Returns extended valid data.
2441	Creates a patched Schema by overriding the `_deserialize` method of its fields with a custom `check_type` method from Qiskit validation fields.
2442	Validate the instance's internal representation using the schema, raising a custom error if validation fails.
2443	Define a decorator `_validate_after_init` to add validation after an object is instantiated. Decorator wraps the initialization method, validates keyword arguments using `shallow_schema`, and raises `ModelValidationError` if validation fails.
2444	Serializes the model into a Python dict using the model's schema, raising an exception if validation fails.
2445	Convert a dictionary to an instance of a class using schema validation.
2446	n-qubit QFT on q in circ by applying Hadamard gates and controlled-u1 gates with phases of pi/2^(j-k)
2447	Partial trace over subsystems of a multi-partite vector, traced over specified systems and dimensions. Returns the density matrix after tracing.
2448	Converts a density matrix to a vector using specified methods: column-major ('col'), row-major ('row'), Pauli basis ('pauli'), or Pauli basis by weight ('pauli-weights'). Raises an exception if the input is not an n-qubit state.
2449	Devectorize a vectorized N-qubit density matrix into a matrix representation using specified methods such as column-major, row-major, Pauli basis, or Pauli basis ordered by weight. Raises an error if the input is not a valid N-qubit state.
2450	Converts a Choi-matrix to a Pauli-basis superoperator. Orders Pauli group vectors by weights or lexicographic order. Returns the resulting superoperator matrix.
2451	Truncate small values in a complex array to zero using a threshold.
2452	Constructs the outer product of two vectors, defaulting to the conjugate of the first vector if the second is omitted. Returns the matrix |v1><v2|.
2453	def concurrence(state):
Calculates the concurrence of a quantum state, either as a 1x4 array or 4x4 matrix, ensuring it's for more than two qubits. Uses linear algebra to compute eigenvalues and returns the concurrence value.
2454	Calculates the Shannon entropy of a probability vector using a specified logarithmic base.
2455	Compute the von-Neumann entropy of a quantum state using the eigenvalues of its density matrix.
2456	Calculate mutual information of a bipartite state by summing the entropies of each subsystem and subtracting the joint entropy.
2457	Computes the entanglement of formation for a quantum state, which can be either a bipartite state vector or a 2-qubit density matrix. Determines the entanglement based on the state's dimensions and type.
2458	Compute the Entanglement of Formation of a 2-qubit density matrix using the concurrence and Shannon entropy.
2459	Flatten a schedule into a new schedule with an optional name.
2460	Return schedule shifted by time, optionally with a new name.
2461	Return a new schedule with `child` inserted into `parent` at `time`, optionally renaming it.
2462	Create a new schedule by appending a child schedule to a parent schedule at the last time of their common channels.
2463	Apply u3 gate to qubit q.
2464	Return backend status as BackendStatus.
2465	Initialize the progress bar with the given number of iterations, noting the start time and setting the touched flag to True.
2466	Estimate the remaining time left based on completed iterations.
2467	Dissassembles a qobj object, extracting and returning the circuits, run config, and user header as separate components.
2468	Calculate the Hamming distance between two strings by comparing corresponding characters and summing the number of differences. Raises an error if the strings are of different lengths.
2469	```
def quaternion_from_axis_rotation(angle, axis):
    Check if axis is 'x', 'y', or 'z', and set corresponding element in output array to 1.
    Multiply output array by sin(angle/2).
    Set first element of output array to cos(angle/2).
    Return output array as Quaternion.
```
2470	Convert Euler angles to a quaternion using the specified rotation order.
2471	Normalizes a Quaternion to unit length, either inplace or not, ensuring it represents a valid rotation. Returns the normalized Quaternion.
2472	Converts a unit-length quaternion to a rotation matrix.
2473	Converts a unit-length quaternion to ZYZ Euler angles by first converting it to a matrix and then using trigonometric functions to calculate the Euler angles.
2474	Process data to represent values, keeping a specified number of elements individually and grouping the rest. Calculate proportions and return a dictionary of labels and their corresponding proportions rounded to 5 decimal places.
2475	Create a histogram visualization from input data with options for figure size, number of terms to keep, sorting, and legend.
2476	Customizes type checking for containers by first performing a standard type check and then recursively checking each item if the value is a collection.
2477	Checks if `j` is a valid index or slice for a register, raising an error if it is out of range.
2478	Check if a 2D array is a square matrix
2479	Function checks if a given matrix is a diagonal matrix using numpy's allclose method with specified tolerances.
2480	Test if a 2D array is symmetric using a relative tolerance (rtol) and an absolute tolerance (atol).
2481	Test if a matrix is Hermitian by checking if it is equal to its conjugate transpose within a given tolerance.
2482	Check if a matrix is Hermitian, and if all eigenvalues are non-negative within a given tolerance.
2483	Test if an array is an identity matrix, ignoring phase if specified.
2484	is_unitary_matrix checks if a matrix is unitary by verifying if its conjugate transpose multiplied by the matrix equals the identity matrix. Optionally takes relative (rtol) and absolute (atol) tolerances.
2485	Transforms a QuantumChannel to its Choi representation based on the specified input representation type.
2486	Converts QuantumChannel to SuperOp representation based on input type.
2487	Convert a QuantumChannel to the Kraus representation based on the input representation type.
2488	Transforms a QuantumChannel to the Chi representation, handling different input representations through intermediate transformations.
2489	Transforms a QuantumChannel to the PTM representation based on the specified input format (either 'PTM', 'Operator', or 'SuperOp').
2490	Converts QuantumChannel to Stinespring representation based on the specified representation type.
2491	Converts a QuantumChannel to its Operator representation based on the input representation type.
2492	Transforms quantum channel representation from one form to another based on the specified representation type.
2493	Transforms Stinespring representation to Operator representation, checks if conditions are met, and returns the operator data.
2494	Transform SuperOp to Choi by reshaping data.
2495	Converts data from Choi to SuperOp representation by reshuffling its dimensions.
2496	Transform Kraus matrices to Choi matrix. Loop through Kraus matrices, compute outer product, and sum for Choi matrix.
2497	Converts a Choi matrix to Kraus operators, handling both CP and non-CP maps by eigenvalue decomposition or SVD.
2498	Convert Stinespring operators to Kraus operators by reshaping and tensoring.
2499	Transforms Stinespring representation to Choi representation by reshaping and using Einstein summation.
2500	Convert Kraus representation to Stinespring representation by constructing a matrix for each Kraus operator.
2501	Converts Kraus operators to a SuperOperator.
2502	Transforms a Chi matrix to a Choi matrix by using the number of qubits derived from the input dimension.
2503	Converts Choi matrix to Chi matrix by transforming to Pauli basis.
2504	Rearranges and reshapes two bipartite matrices using Kronecker product and tensor reshaping.
2505	change of basis for a bipartite matrix representation using Pauli matrices, iteratively for a given number of qubits
2506	Check if input and output dimensions are equal and if they correspond to a power of 2, indicating an n-qubit channel. Raise an error if not.
2507	This method sets the visibility of tick lines and labels of a matplotlib axis to False.
2508	Sets x, y, and z labels based on a given convention, raising an exception for invalid conventions.
2509	Resets Bloch sphere data to empty
2510	Adds a list of vectors to the Bloch sphere.
2511	Adds a text or LaTeX annotation to a Bloch sphere, taking a qubit state or 3D vector, text content, and optional styling parameters. Raises an exception if input is not a valid 3D vector.
2512	Render the Bloch sphere and its data sets on a given figure and axes, handling rendering state, setting figure and axes, clearing backgrounds, configuring view angles, plotting elements, and updating the plot title.
2513	Plots the front half of a sphere and its wireframe, including the equator, using matplotlib.
2514	Display Bloch sphere and corresponding data sets.
2515	Deprecated; returns synthesis.two_qubit_kak(unitary_matrix)
2516	Constructs the top line of the element by centering, padding, and adjusting with background characters according to specified parameters.
2517	def mid(self):
    """ Constructs the middle line of the element by formatting it within the specified width and padding. """
2518	Formats the bottom line of an element by centering, padding, and adjusting according to specified fill conditions and layer width.
2519	Returns the length of the element, considering the length of top, mid, and bot components.
2520	Get instruction's params, format them, and return list of formatted params, or None if no params or all params are numpy.ndarrays.
2521	Creates a box label by capitalizing the instruction's name and appending parameter details if any.
2522	Generate a LaTeX string for a math mode variable, considering a nested scope. If no scope is provided, return the variable name enclosed in text mode. If a scope is provided, check if the variable exists in the current scope; if not, raise an exception. Otherwise, recursively generate the LaTeX string using the nested scope.
2523	Compiles a list of QuantumCircuits into a qobj for execution on a backend using specified parameters.
2524	Applies filters to deprecation warnings for the qiskit module, showing them instead of ignoring them by default. Also silences `ChangedInMarshmallow3Warning` messages.
2525	Returns a dictionary containing basic hardware information, including the OS, total memory in GB, and the number of physical CPUs.
2526	Checks if a connection exists to a host via a specified port by attempting to create a socket connection and returns True if successful, False if any exception occurs.
2527	Updates an HTML job monitor by periodically checking the job status and updating the widget display accordingly. Adjusts the check interval based on the job's status and position in the queue.
2528	Continuous constant pulse for given times and amplitude.
2529	Generates a continuous square wave with specified amplitude, period, and phase.
2530	Combines two sawtooth waves to generate a continuous triangle wave with specified amplitude, period, and phase.
2531	Generate a continuous cosine wave with specified amplitude, frequency, and phase.
2532	This method adjusts the amplitude of a Gaussian pulse to ensure it is zeroed at a specific width. It optionally rescales the amplitude and returns the altered samples along with the scale factor if requested.
2533	def gaussian(times: np.ndarray, amp: complex, center: float, sigma: float, 
             zeroed_width: Union[None, float] = None, rescale_amp: bool = False, 
             ret_x: bool = False) -> Union[np.ndarray, Tuple[np.ndarray, np.ndarray]]:
    """
    Generate a unnormalized Gaussian pulse.

    Args:
        times: Time points for the pulse.
        amp: Amplitude of the pulse at center.
        center: Center of the pulse.
        sigma: Width of the pulse.
        zeroed_width: Optional width to zero the pulse.
        rescale_amp: Whether to rescale amplitude.
        ret_x: Whether to return normalized time points.

    Returns:
        Gaussian pulse or pulse and normalized time points.
    """
2534	Calculates the derivative of a Gaussian pulse.
2535	Generates a continuous Gaussian square pulse with specified amplitude, center, width, and sigma for the rise/fall portions. Optionally zeroes the pulse within a specified width.
2536	Builds a pass manager to map, optimize, and simplify a quantum circuit based on the given basis gates, coupling map, initial layout, and seed transpiler.
2537	Default pass manager that unrolls gates and then removes resets, calculates depth, and iteratively optimizes until depth converges.
2538	Test if a given register (quantum or classical) is present in the circuit. Returns True if found, False otherwise.
2539	Create a mirrored circuit by reversing the instructions and appending the mirrored gate to the new circuit's data.
2540	Inverts a circuit by recursively inverting all gates. Returns the inverted circuit. Raises QiskitError if inversion is not possible.
2541	Append an instruction to a circuit, modifying it in place. Handle qubits and clbits accordingly and track parameter variables. Raise errors for incompatible gate shapes or duplicate qubits/clbits. Return the added instruction.
2542	**Summary:**
This method has been deprecated and is no longer used. It was used to attach a circuit element to the quantum circuit, but its functionality has been replaced by the `append` method.
2543	Add registers to a quantum circuit, handling both QuantumRegister and ClassicalRegister objects, and raising an error if the name already exists. If integers are provided, they are converted to appropriate register types.
2544	Raises an exception if a list of qubits contains duplicate values.
2545	Raises error if qarg is not a (QuantumRegister, int) tuple or if any register is not in the circuit or if any qubit index is out of range.
2546	Raise QiskitError if cargs are not tuples of (ClassicalRegister, int) or if register not in circuit or clbit out of range.
2547	def _check_compatible_regs(self, rhs):
 Raises exception if circuits use incompatible registers. Compares qubits and clbits by name, raises error if names match but registers are not identical.
2548	Construct an OpenQASM string from a quantum circuit object, including headers, registers, and instructions.
2549	Draws a quantum circuit and returns it in various formats like text, LaTeX, or matplotlib.
2550	def size(self):
    """Counts total gate operations excluding barriers and snapshots."""

    gate_ops = 0
    for instr, _, _ in self.data:
        if instr.name not in ['barrier', 'snapshot']:
            gate_ops += 1
    return gate_ops
2551	Return total number of qubits and clbits in circuit.
2552	Count the occurrences of each operation in the circuit and return a dictionary with the operation names as keys and their counts as values.
2553	Determines the number of non-entangled subcircuits in a quantum circuit by traversing gates and merging subgraphs based on gate connections.
2554	Create a new circuit with bound parameters from a dictionary, raising an error if parameters are missing.
2555	Assigns a value to a parameter in-place across matching instructions.
2556	Plots the interpolated envelope of a complex pulse.
2557	Searches for SWAPs to maximize gate application, using a recursive approach with a specified depth and width, and returns the best solution step including updated layout, changes, and remaining gates.
2558	def _map_free_gates(layout, gates, coupling_map):
    """
    Map gates that can be executed with the current layout.

    Args:
        layout (Layout): Map from virtual qubit index to physical qubit index.
        gates (list): Gates to be mapped.
        coupling_map (CouplingMap): CouplingMap for target device topology.

    Returns:
        tuple of mapped and remaining gates.
    """
2559	Return the sum of distances for two-qubit pairs in CNOT gates, considering the layout and coupling map, with an optional limit on the number of gates.
2560	Count the mapped two-qubit gates, subtract three times the number of added SWAPs.
2561	Creates a copy of the input DAG with empty metadata, containing only a single qreg with a size matching the coupling map.
2562	Return a new op with updated qargs based on a given layout.
2563	Generate list of ops to implement a SWAP gate along a coupling edge.
2564	Run one pass of the lookahead mapper on a DAG to map it to a coupling map. Identify a layout if none provided, validate layout and coupling map compatibility. Map gates by minimizing swaps, update layout and remaining gates iteratively. Preserve input DAG metadata and replace with mapped graph.
2565	Add a physical qubit to the coupling graph as a node, raising an error if the qubit already exists or if the input is not an integer. Invalidate distance matrix and qubit list.
2566	Add directed edge to coupling graph, ensuring source and destination physical qubits are added if not already present. Updates the graph and invalidates distance matrix.
2567	"""
Return a CouplingMap object for a subgraph of the current graph.
Filter nodes, update physical qubits, and construct a new CouplingMap.
"""
2568	Returns a sorted list of physical qubits, caching the result if not already computed.
2569	Test if graph is weakly connected. Return True if connected, False otherwise.
2570	Compute distance matrix using all pairs shortest path length for a connected graph.
2571	Returns undirected distance between two physical qubits, raises error if qubits do not exist in the coupling map.
2572	Deprecated function to transpile circuits; use `qiskit.compiler.transpile()` instead.
2573	Apply a controlled-U gate with angle theta to the target qubit.
2574	Invert all instructions in the list.
2575	Adds controls to all instructions in a quantum circuit for the given qubits.
2576	Modify all instructions by adding a classical control register with a given value. Return the updated object.
2577	Subscribes to an event, preventing double registration, and adds a callback to be executed when the event is emitted.
2578	Emits an event if subscribers exist, calling each subscriber's callback with provided arguments.
2579	Unsubscribes a specific callback from an event. Returns True if successful, False if the callback was not registered.
2580	Dispatches an event and calls subscribers' callbacks synchronously.
2581	Applies an initialization operation to a quantum circuit using given parameters and qubits, handling both QuantumRegister inputs and individual qubit indices.
2582	Define a quantum initialization circuit by first generating a disentangling circuit to go from the desired state to zero, then inverting this circuit. Rst qubits and append the inverted circuit to reset them to the desired state.
2583	This method generates a quantum circuit to transform the `self.params` vector into the all-zero state by applying a series of RZ and RY gates to each qubit from the least significant to the most significant.
2584	Calculates Bloch angles for a given pair of complex numbers
2585	A recursive method to create a multiplexer circuit using Ry or Rz gates. It divides the angles into halves, recursively creates multiplexors for each half, and combines them with CNOT gates to select the correct angle.
2586	Checks if a value is a virtual qubit by being either `None` or a tuple of length 2 where the first element is an instance of `Register` and the second is an integer.
2587	Returns a copy of a Layout instance by creating a new instance and copying the _p2v and _v2p dictionaries.
2588	Combines two layouts into an "edge map" by mapping virtual wires from one layout to physical wires in another. Raises an error if the other layout is smaller.
2589	Apply Toffoli gate between ctl1, ctl2, and tgt.
2590	Inserts a schedule at a specified start time and returns the updated schedule.
2591	Checks if a given attribute name is in the list of attributes to protect. Raises TranspilerAccessError if it is.
2592	Converts gate tuples to a nested list of integers using register sizes and indices.
2593	Run the StochasticSwap pass on a DAG, ensuring compatibility with the coupling map and layout, and return a mapped DAG.
2594	```plaintext
def _layer_update(i, first_layer, best_layout, best_depth, best_circuit, layer_list):
    """Generate a DAGCircuit for a new mapped layer.

    Append a new layer or swap gates to a DAGCircuit based on the best layout and circuit.
    """
```
2595	Returns a list of Pauli objects for a given number of qubits, ordered either by weight or tensor product.
2596	Constructs a Pauli object from a label string, where 'X', 'Y', and 'Z' represent Pauli operators, and 'I' is the identity. Raises an error for invalid characters.
2597	Initialize Pauli object from boolean arrays z and x, validate inputs, and set internal attributes. Raises QiskitError if inputs are invalid.
2598	Multiply two Paulis, track the phase, and return the resulting Pauli and its phase as complex.
2599	Convert to Operator object by returning an Operator instance created from the matrix representation.
2600	Converts a Pauli string into a Qiskit QuantumCircuit instruction.
2601	Update the `z` values in a Pauli object, either for all qubits or specific indices. If updating all qubits, ensure the length matches. Otherwise, update the specified qubits with new values. Raises an error if updating all qubits and changing the number of qubits. Returns the updated Pauli object.
2602	Updates the elements of self._x with a given numpy array or list x. If indices are provided, only the elements at those indices are updated. If indices are not provided, the entire array is updated. Raises an error if the number of qubits changes during the update.
2603	Insert or append Pauli operators at specified indices. If indices are None, appends to the end. Accepts Pauli objects or labels, not both. Modifies the Pauli representation and returns self.
2604	def append_paulis(self, paulis=None, pauli_labels=None):
    Appends paulis at the end. Returns self.
2605	Deletes qubits at specified indices. Adjusts internal representations _z and _x accordingly. Returns updated object.
2606	Return a random Pauli on a given number of qubits, with an optional seed for reproducibility.
2607	Generate single qubit Pauli at index with given Pauli label.
2608	Simulates the outcome of measuring a qubit by calculating probabilities and choosing a result based on a random number.
2609	Generate memory samples from current statevector based on measure parameters and number of samples. Use probabilities to select samples and convert them to hexadecimal format.
2610	Applies a measure instruction to a qubit, updates classical memory and/or register based on the measurement outcome, and adjusts the quantum state accordingly.
2611	Simulates a measurement outcome, projects the quantum state onto that outcome, and renormalizes.
2612	Validates initial statevector's length matches the number of qubits.
2613	Initialize the statevector for simulation. If no initial statevector is provided, set it to the default state of all qubits being in the |0> state. Otherwise, use the provided statevector. Reshape the statevector to a rank-N tensor.
2614	Converts statevector to JSON Result format by reshaping, expanding complex numbers, and truncating small values
2615	Determine if measure sampling is allowed for an experiment. If shots <= 1, disable sampling. Check experiment config for measure sampling flag, otherwise perform a simple test to ensure no reset instructions before measures.
2616	Run qobj asynchronously with optional backend options. Returns a BasicAerJob. Backend options can include a custom initial statevector.
2617	Run experiments in qobj and return a Result object.
2618	Validates a quantum circuit's number of qubits and checks for the presence of classical registers and measurements.
2619	Validates an initial unitary matrix by checking its shape against the required dimensions for the given number of qubits.
2620	Sets the initial unitary matrix for simulation, either to an identity matrix or a copy of a user-provided matrix, and reshapes it into a rank-N tensor.
2621	Converts the unitary matrix to a specified format by reshaping, stacking real and imaginary parts, and truncating small values.
2622	Method to run experiments described in a Qobj:

- Validates the Qobj
- Runs each experiment and stores results
- Calculates the time taken
- Constructs a result dictionary
- Returns a Result object
2623	Semantic validations for qobj:
1. Checks if the number of qubits exceeds the backend's capacity.
   Raises an error if it does, logging the issue if it doesn't.
2. Ensures shots are set to 1, logging a warning if not.
3. Prohibits 'measure' and 'reset' operations, raising an error for these.
2624	Determine if obj is a bit by checking if it is a tuple of length 2, where the first element is an instance of Register and the second is an integer less than the length of the Register.
2625	Assigns a trivial layout to a DAGCircuit by mapping its qubits to the first n device qubits, where n is the number of qubits in the DAG. Raises an error if the DAG exceeds the device's qubit capacity.
2626	Check if two intervals overlap. Retuns True if they do, False otherwise.
2627	Shifts an interval by a given time, returning a new interval.
2628	Return a new Timeslot shifted by the specified time.
2629	Return the earliest start time from given channels in the table.
2630	Return max end time of intervals for given channels or 0 if no intervals exist.
2631	Returns True if self overlaps with any timeslot in the collection, otherwise False.
2632	Return a new TimeslotCollection by merging with another TimeslotCollection.
2633	Shifts each Timeslot in the collection by the specified time and returns a new TimeslotCollection with the shifted slots.
2634	Reports build failures on GitHub for a specified branch and commit. Checks if an issue already exists; if so, adds a comment; otherwise, creates a new issue. Takes branch name, commit hash, and an optional URL with extra information.
2635	Sorts rho data by mapping Pauli matrices to labels and calculating their traces with rho.
2636	def iplot_state_paulivec(rho, figsize=None, slider=False, show_legend=False):
    Creates a Paulivec representation of a quantum state or density matrix.
2637	Apply RZZ gate with parameter theta to the specified qubits.
2638	Apply Fredkin gate to circuit with control and target qubits
2639	Initialize backend properties by extracting gate and readout errors, computing swap costs, and populating swap paths and costs.
2640	Creates a program graph where virtual qubits are nodes, and edges represent interactions between 2-qubit gates, weighted by the number of CNOTs.
2641	Find the first edge with one endpoint mapped; otherwise, return the first edge.
2642	Select best remaining CNOT gate from hardware for next program edge based on reliability.
2643	Select the best remaining hardware qubit based on reliability, considering swap costs and readout errors.
2644	Noise adaptive layout algorithm for quantum circuits. Initializes backend properties, creates a program graph from the circuit, selects edges based on weight, and iteratively maps program qubits to hardware qubits, prioritizing available qubits and handling unmapped qubits at the end.
2645	Return a list of instructions for the CompositeGate, recursively calling itself for contained composites.
2646	Invert this gate by reversing its data and toggling its inverse flag.
2647	Adds controls to the gate for the given quantum registers.
2648	Applies a conditional operation to each gate in the data list based on the classical control register and value.
2649	Returns True if the operator is a unitary matrix using the provided tolerance parameters.
2650	Return the conjugate of the operator's data while preserving the input and output dimensions.
2651	Return the transpose of the operator by transposing the data array and maintaining the input and output dimensions.
2652	def power(self, n):
    Raises QiskitError if n is not an integer or if input and output dimensions are not equal.
    Returns the n-th power of the matrix using NumPy's matrix_power.
2653	Return the reversed order of input and output dimensions as a tuple.
2654	Converts a QuantumCircuit or Instruction to an Operator by initializing an identity operator and appending the instruction.
2655	Update QASM string for an iteration of swap_mapper, appending the current layer and associated swap gates, or all layers up to this point if it's the first layer with multi-qubit gates, using the best layout, depth, and swap circuit returned from the swap algorithm.
2656	Separate a bitstring into substrings based on the register sizes provided, then join them with spaces.
2657	Convert experiment result memory to a complex numpy array for measurement level 0, raise error if shape is incorrect.
2658	Convert experiment memory to a complex numpy array, validating its shape.
2659	Format an experiment result memory object for measurement level 2. Convert memory data to bitstrings using `format_counts_memory` function.
2660	Converts a counts dictionary by formatting each key using 'format_counts_memory' with the provided header.
2661	Converts a list of [re, im] complex numbers into a list of Python complex numbers, optionally rounding to a specified number of decimal places.
2662	def format_unitary(mat, decimals=None):
    Convert a list of list of [re, im] complex numbers into a matrix of complex numbers, optionally rounding to a specified number of decimals.
2663	Decorator to ensure a submit is performed before calling a method.
2664	Submit job to backend; validate Qobj; handle re-submission error
2665	def status(self):
    """ Returns the job's current status based on the Python's future state. Raises exceptions
        for unexpected states. """
2666	Checks if `lo_freq` falls within the lower and upper bounds of the range `_lb` and `_ub`. Returns `True` if within range, else `False`.
2667	Function `iplot_bloch_multivector` creates a Bloch sphere representation for a given state vector or density matrix. It generates HTML and JavaScript code to display the Bloch spheres and plot the figure with specified options. The function processes the input data, calculates the Bloch states for each qubit, and then dynamically generates the required HTML and JavaScript to render the visualization.
2668	Method to format user-defined qubit LO frequencies by embedding defaults and checking for changes. If unchanged, returns `None`; otherwise, returns updated LO frequencies as a list.
2669	Copies default measurement LO frequencies, updates them with user-provided values, and returns the modified list if different from the defaults; otherwise returns None. Raises a PulseError if default frequencies are missing.
2670	def run(self, dag):
    """Expand non-basis nodes in the given DAGCircuit to a specified basis.

    Args:
        dag (DAGCircuit): Input DAGCircuit.

    Raises:
        QiskitError: If unable to unroll to the given basis due to undefined
        decomposition rules or excessive recursion.

    Returns:
        DAGCircuit: Output unrolled DAGCircuit.
    """
    
    for node in dag.op_nodes():
        if node.name in ['measure', 'reset', 'barrier', 'snapshot'] or node.name in self.basis:
            continue
        
        rule = node.op.definition
        if not rule:
            raise QiskitError("Cannot unroll the circuit to the given basis, %s. No rule to expand instruction %s." % (str(self.basis), node.op.name))

        decomposition = DAGCircuit()
        decomposition.add_qreg(rule[0][1][0][0])
        for inst in rule:
            decomposition.apply_operation_back(*inst)

        unrolled_dag = self.run(decomposition)  # Recursive unroll
        dag.substitute_node_with_dag(node, unrolled_dag)

    return dag
2671	This method `iplot_state_qsphere` creates a Q sphere representation of a given state vector or density matrix. It visualizes eigenvalues using Q spheres and allows customization of the figure size.
2672	Calculate the binomial coefficient for n choose k using a lambda function and reduce.
2673	Computes the lexicographic index of a combination. Raises an error if the list length is not equal to k. Converts the list elements to their reverse indices, calculates the dual multinomial coefficient, and returns the integer index.
2674	Plots the Pauli vector representation of a quantum state as a bar graph.
2675	Gets unique physical backends from IBMQ. Raises QiskitError if none found.
2676	This method returns the Instruction object corresponding to the op for the node if the node is of type 'op', otherwise it raises a QiskitError.
2677	Generates a constant-sampled pulse with specified duration, amplitude, and optional name using left sampling strategy.
2678	Generates a zero-sampled `SamplePulse` with the specified duration and optional name.
2679	Generates a square wave `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, period, phase, and name.
2680	def sawtooth(duration: int, amp: complex, period: float = None, phase: float = 0, name: str = None) -> SamplePulse:
    """Generates a sawtooth wave pulse with specified duration, amplitude, period, phase, and name."""
    if period is None:
        period = duration
    return _sampled_sawtooth_pulse(duration, amp, period, phase=phase, name=name)
2681	Generates a triangle wave `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, period, and phase. Uses the `left` sampling strategy to convert the continuous function into discrete values. If period is not provided, it defaults to the pulse duration.
2682	Generates a cosine wave SamplePulse with specified duration, amplitude, frequency, phase, and name. Adjusts frequency to single cycle if not provided. Uses left sampling strategy for discrete pulse generation.
2683	Generates a sine wave `SamplePulse` with specified duration, amplitude, frequency, phase, and name. If frequency is not provided, it defaults to a single cycle over the duration.
2684	Generates a unnormalized Gaussian `SamplePulse` centered at `duration/2` with a maximum amplitude of `amp` and width `sigma`. The pulse is zeroed at `t=-1` and is sampled using the `left` strategy. The integrated area under the curve is calculated as $\Omega_g(amp, sigma) = amp \times \sqrt{2\pi \sigma^2}$.
2685	Generates a discrete Gaussian derivative pulse with the specified duration, amplitude, sigma, and optional name.
2686	Generates a Gaussian square pulse with specified duration, amplitude, width, risefall, and name. Centers the pulse and zero pads it at the ends to avoid discontinuities. Uses a left sampling strategy for discretization.
2687	Computes distance between points (0,0) and (1,1) in axis coordinates, projecting onto x or y axis based on `self.x`, and returns the distance.
2688	Prints the node data "qreg" with indentation, then recursively calls to_string on the first child with increased indentation.
2689	Return an instance of a backend class, instantiate it with the current provider, and raise an error if unsuccessful.
2690	Rename a register in a circuit by updating its name and all references within the circuit's nodes and edges.
2691	Remove all operation nodes with a specific name by iterating through their names and removing each one.
2692	Adds a quantum register to the circuit, checking for validity and uniqueness.
2693	Add classical register to the circuit if it's valid and not already present.
2694	Adds a qubit or bit to the circuit, creates in and out nodes, connects them with an edge, and handles duplicate wire errors.
2695	Verify that a condition tuple is valid, raising an error if the referenced classical register does not exist in the circuit.
2696	Return list of bits in given condition.
2697	Adds an operation node to the DAG with specified properties.
2698	Applies an operation to the output of the circuit, updating the DAG and handling conditions.
2699	Check edge_map for fragmented or duplicate registers in keyregs and valregs. Raise error for fragmentation or unmapped duplicates. Add registers from keyregs to self if not in valregs. Return set of regs to add.
2700	Check that the wiremap is consistent by verifying valid wires and matching types in keymap and valmap. Raises DAGCircuitError if any issues are found.
2701	The method `_map_condition` takes a dictionary `wire_map` and a tuple `condition` as input. If `condition` is `None`, it returns `None`. Otherwise, it maps the register name in the `condition` tuple using the `wire_map` and returns the new condition.
2702	Adds another DAG (`dag`) to the current DAG at the end using an optional `edge_map` to map qubits and cbits. If `edge_map` is not provided, it defaults to an empty dictionary. The method ensures that all qubits and cbits from `dag` are added to the current DAG, and updates the `edge_map` accordingly.
2703	Applies an input circuit to the output of the current circuit, mapping qubits and conditionally applying operations. Raises errors for incompatible circuits or invalid wire maps.
2704	Check if a list of wires is valid for a node: no duplicates, correct length matching node's qubits and classical bits. Raise `DAGCircuitError` if checks fail.
2705	Returns predecessor and successor dictionaries for a given node in a multi_graph, mapping wires to their respective predecessor and successor nodes.
2706	Maps all wires of input circuit to predecessor and successor nodes, handling both mapped and unmapped wires. Raises error for output nodes with multiple predecessors.
2707	Yield nodes in topological order based on lexicographical order of qargs.
2708	Iterator yielding edges from a multi-graph.
2709	Get list of "op" nodes in dag. Return all op nodes if no specific op is provided.
2710	Iterates through op nodes, checks if their operation is a gate, and returns a list of those nodes.
2711	Get nodes with specified names from a graph.
2712	Get list of 2-qubit gates, ignoring snapshots and barriers.
2713	Returns list of predecessors of a node as DAGNodes. Converts node id to DAGNode if necessary.
2714	Identifies and returns predecessors of a node in a DAG connected by a quantum edge, represented by a QuantumRegister.
2715	The `ancestors` method returns a set of ancestor nodes for a given `node` in a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG). If an integer `node` ID is provided, it is deprecated and the method retrieves the corresponding `DAGNode`. It then uses NetworkX's `ancestors` function to find and return all ancestor nodes of the specified `node`.
2716	Returns list of quantum successor nodes connected by quantum edges.
2717	Remove an operation node from the circuit, connecting its predecessors and successors directly.
2718	Removes all ancestor operation nodes of a given node in a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG). If the node is identified by an ID, a deprecation warning is issued, and it is converted to a node object. It then iterates through all ancestor nodes and removes those that are of type "op".
2719	Remove all descendant operation nodes of given node. Deprecation warning if int is passed.
2720	Remove non-ancestors operation nodes of a specified node by identifying non-ancestors and removing them.
2721	Remove non-descendant operation nodes of a given node. If a node ID is provided, convert it to a DAGNode. Find descendants using networkx's `descendants` function. Identify non-descendant nodes. Remove non-descendant operation nodes.
2722	Yields a shallow view on a layer of this DAGCircuit for all depths d. Each layer is a circuit with disjoint qubits, having depth 1. Constructs using a greedy algorithm. Returns a dict with {"graph": circuit graph, "partition": list of qubit lists}.
2723	```python
Yield a layer for all gates of the circuit, each layer containing one gate.
```
2724	Yield layers of a multigraph by iteratively moving from nodes with no unvisited predecessors.
2725	Collects non-conditional runs of "op" nodes with given names in a topological order, forming tuples of gates on the same qubits, ensuring each node has only one successor. Returns a set of these tuples.
2726	Iterates through DAG nodes affecting a given wire, yielding either all nodes or only operation nodes. Raises an error if the wire is not found. Uses adjacency information to move to the next node.
2727	Count the occurrences of operation names in the graph and return a dictionary with counts keyed by operation name.
2728	Return a dictionary of circuit properties including size, depth, width, bits, factors, and operations.
2729	def tomography_basis(basis, prep_fun=None, meas_fun=None):  
    Create a TomographyBasis object with an optional preparation and measurement function.
2730	Adds Pauli measurement gates (X, Y, Z) to a quantum circuit. Raises error if invalid op. Uses appropriate unitary gate for each measurement.
2731	Generates a dictionary of tomography experiment configurations. Supports both quantum state and process tomography. Can use custom or predefined measurement and preparation bases. Returns configurations for generating circuits and extracting data.
2732	Generate a dictionary of process tomography experiment configurations for a given set of measurement and preparation qubits, using the specified measurement and preparation bases. Default bases are 'Pauli' for measurements and 'SIC' for preparations. The output includes details about the qubits and bases, as well as labels and circuits for tomography experiments.
2733	Adds tomography measurement circuits to a QuantumCircuit by prepending preparation circuits and appending measurement circuits based on a tomography set. Returns a list of resulting tomography circuits.
2734	Process tomography result generation

Input: Experiment results, circuit name, tomography set  
Output: List of reconstruction dicts for each measurement circuit
2735	Compute marginal counts for specified qubits from total counts.
2736	def fit_tomography_data(tomo_data, method='wizard', options=None):
    Reconstructs a density or process matrix from tomography data using specified methods ('wizard' or 'leastsq') and options.
2737	Reconstructs a state or process from tomography data using least-squares fitting. Estimates frequencies, applies hedging if needed, and calculates the weighted sum to produce the reconstructed operator, adjusting for a specified trace.
2738	Returns a projector by Kronecker multiplying basis states for given operations.
2739	Reconstructs a matrix through linear inversion using projectors and frequencies, with optional weighting and trace normalization.
2740	This method calculates the nearest positive semidefinite operator to a given operator by setting negative and small eigenvalues to zero and rescaling the positive eigenvalues. It uses the input operator and an optional epsilon threshold for truncation.
2741	```
wigner_data calculates the Wigner function values from measurement results by:
- Determining the number of qubits and initializing necessary variables.
- Computing the parity vector based on the number of qubits.
- Iterating through each circuit, extracting counts and computing the Wigner function values.
- Normalizing the Wigner function values with the number of shots if provided.

Returns a list of Wigner function values at measured points in phase space.
```
2742	Add measurement gates to a circuit using the specified measurement function
2743	Collects and updates job status at specified intervals, printing updates until job is done, cancelled, or in error. Adjusts interval based on job queue position.
2744	Monitor the status of an IBMQJob instance.
2745	Compute Euler angles (theta, phi, lambda) for a 2x2 unitary matrix representing a single-qubit gate, using the OpenQASM SU(2) parameterization and verifying the solution.
2746	Returns a single-qubit gate implementing U with the fewest pulses. Attempts to simplify U into U1, U2, or IdGate based on input Euler angles.
2747	Adds virtual qubits from layout to DAG if they are not already present.
2748	A function to create a VBox widget displaying qubits properties for a given IBMQ backend. It includes the last update date and details for each qubit such as frequency, T1, T2, U1, U2, U3 gate errors, and readout error.
2749	Widget for displaying job history with tabs for year, month, and week.
2750	Plots a pie chart of job history by interval (year, month, week).
2751	Plot the interpolated envelope of a pulse using specified parameters and return the result.
2752	Apply cu3 gate with angles theta, phi, lam from ctl to tgt.
2753	This function creates a quantum circuit that prepares 2 qubits in a Bell state by applying a Hadamard gate to the first qubit, a CNOT gate between the first and second qubit, and then measuring both qubits.
2754	transpile(circuits, backend=None, basis_gates=None, coupling_map=None, backend_properties=None, initial_layout=None, seed_transpiler=None, optimization_level=None, pass_manager=None, seed_mapper=None)
Transpile a QuantumCircuit or list of QuantumCircuits into a target backend's gate set. Optional parameters including transpilation level, initial layout, and pass management allow for detailed control over the transpilation process.
2755	def _transpile_circuit(circuit_config_tuple):
    """Transpile a QuantumCircuit using a selected PassManager based on configuration."""
    circuit, transpile_config = circuit_config_tuple
    if transpile_config.pass_manager:
        pass_manager = transpile_config.pass_manager
    elif transpile_config.coupling_map:
        pass_manager = default_pass_manager(transpile_config.basis_gates, transpile_config.coupling_map, transpile_config.initial_layout, transpile_config.seed_transpiler)
    else:
        pass_manager = default_pass_manager_simulator(transpile_config.basis_gates)
    return pass_manager.run(circuit)
2756	The function `execute` is designed to execute quantum circuits or pulse schedules on a specified backend. It takes various arguments to customize the transpilation, execution, and job submission. Arguments include circuit options like `basis_gates` and `coupling_map`, run options like `shots` and `memory`, and backend-specific configurations. The function returns a `BaseJob` instance representing the submitted job.

It also handles deprecations and directs users to the new keywords for certain parameters.
2757	Returns the primary drive channel of the qubit; raises an error if no drive channels are present.
2758	Return the first control channel of the qubit or raise an error if none exist.
2759	Return the first measurement channel of the qubit, or raise an error if none exist.
2760	Return the primary acquire channel of the qubit, or raise an error if none are available.
2761	Applies Hadamard gate and inverse unitary gate to create an n-qubit input state for QFT with the output bit set to 1.
2762	Assembles a list of quantum circuits or pulse schedules into a Qobj for execution on a backend, handling options like shots, memory, and runtime configurations.
2763	Remove logging handlers for the 'qiskit' logger.
2764	Outputs a HTML and JavaScript template to display a hinton representation of a density matrix. The hinton plot visualizes complex numbers in a 2D city style graph.
2765	Calculate the process fidelity between two quantum channels S1 and S2 using the formula F_p(S1, S2) = Tr[S2^dagger.S1] / dim^2, where dim is the dimensions of the input and output statespace. Check that the input channels are CPTP unless require_cptp is False. If the input channels have mismatching input/output dimensions, raise an error.
2766	Set the input text data and pass it to the lexer.
2767	Pop a PLY lexer from the stack, setting the filename and line number accordingly.
2768	This method pushes a PLY lexer onto a stack, sets the lexer's file and line attributes, and then creates a new lexer for the given filename.
2769	Iterate over each block in the input dag, replace it with an equivalent unitary on the same wires, and add it to a new dag.
2770	def get_bound_method(self, instruction):  
    """Retrieve conversion method for given instruction, raising error if not found."""
2771	Converts an AcquireInstruction to a dictionary with required parameters, incorporating measurement level, discriminators, and kernels as needed.
2772	Converts a frame change instruction to a dictionary with adjusted time and command parameters.
2773	Converts a PersistentValueInstruction to a dictionary using provided shift and instruction details.
2774	Converts a `PulseInstruction` into a dictionary with modified start time and channel name.
2775	Converts a snapshot instruction by applying a time shift and mapping its properties to a dictionary, then returns the dictionary using a model method.
2776	Update annotations of a discretized pulse function to include the 'duration' parameter as an integer.
2777	def sampler(sample_function: Callable) -> Callable: Decorates a continuous function to produce a discretized pulse using the provided sample_function. The decorator converts the input function to a `FunctionalPulse` with discrete output based on the sampler's logic.
2778	Filter backends by configuration and status attributes, and apply a callable filter.
2779	Resolve backend name by checking deprecated and alias dictionaries, then verify availability.
2780	Builds a QuantumCircuit from a DAGCircuit by copying qubits, clbits, and operations in topological order.
2781	Converts a diagonal observable matrix to a dictionary form with binary state keys
2782	Update the symbol table with a new object, raising an error if the object's name already exists.
2783	Verify qubit id against gate prototype. Check if symbol exists in current symbol table and if it is declared as a bit.
2784	Verifies expressions in a list by checking if their `Id` elements resolve to the current symbol table, skipping external functions. Recursively walks through expressions.
2785	Verifies if a user-defined gate is correctly defined and used, checking the gate name, number of bits, and arguments against a global symbol table. Raises QasmError if any checks fail.
2786	Verify if a register's name and type match the global symbol table, and if it is indexed, check the index bounds. Raises QasmError if any verification fails.
2787	Verify a list of registers, ensuring all children are declared as bits.
2788	This method calculates the column position of a given token in an input text string. If the token is `None`, it returns 0. It finds the last newline character before the token's position and then computes the column by subtracting the last newline position from the token's lexpos and adding 1.
2789	Set the `parse_deb` field to `True` or `False` based on the input value, or raise an exception if the value is not one of these two options.
2790	Parse data using a parser object, passing in the lexer and debug flags. If qasm is None, raise a QasmError. Return qasm.
2791	Parses the input data, generates an AST, and converts it to a string.
2792	Open a file and read its contents. Then use an QasmParser to parse the data returned from reading the file.
2793	Apply CRZ gate from ctl to tgt with angle theta.
2794	Create a quantum state basis vector from a bitstring input, ensuring the input string length matches or is less than the specified number of qubits.
2795	Converts a qubit state to a density matrix. If flatten is True, returns a flattened version of the matrix.
2796	Calculate the purity of a quantum state by computing the trace of the product of the state with itself, ensuring the state is a valid density matrix.
2797	Initialize a commutation set in the property_set. Track gates on each qubit. Add edges to the dictionary for each qubit. Iterate through each gate on a wire, updating the commutation set based on gate commutation.
2798	Creates a backend configuration widget with information such as the number of qubits, a gate map, and average T1 and T2 times.
2799	The method `update_backend_info` updates monitoring information in a loop, called from another thread. It handles backend statuses, updates UI elements, and manages operational status based on pending jobs and current operational state.
2800	Creates a progress bar widget to display jobs pending, with current value, maximum value, and updated labels on change.
2801	Partition CX gates into chunks with equal qubit arguments and remove all gates except the first one in odd-length chunks after reducing even-length chunks.
2802	Return a single backend matching specified filtering criteria or raise error if none or more than one backend matches.
2803	Return the shape for bipartite matrix: (input_dim, output_dim, input_dim, output_dim)
2804	Group by register names and yield each register name along with its size, determined by the maximum index + 1.
2805	Truncates long floats using a specified format string.
2806	Return LaTeX string representation of circuit using LaTeX Qconfig package.
2807	Calculates circuit depth and width based on operation parameters, adding extra units for gate names and labels.
2808	def _get_beamer_page(self): Returns tuple (height, width, scale) for beamer page, considering PIL limit, beamer template limits, aspect ratio, margin, and minimum size Constraints: Height and width < 19 feet (575cm), image < 50000 bytes, and above values adjusted to avoid PIL warning Returns: Adjusted height, width, and original scale
2809	Loads the QObj schema, caches it, and returns it.
2810	Generate a JSON schema validator. If no schema is provided, search for it in `_SCHEMAS`. Determine the validator class if not provided. Store the validator in `_VALIDATORS`. Optionally check the schema for validity. Return the validator. Raises SchemaValidationError if validation fails.
2811	Load default schemas and validators into `_SCHEMAS` by iterating through `_DEFAULT_SCHEMA_PATHS`, joining paths, loading schemas, and getting validators.
2812	Validates JSON dictionary against a given schema, raises an error if validation fails.
2813	Recursively formats a JSON schema validation error as a nested list of failures, with each failure indented and clearly labeled by the validator and field path.
2814	Majority gate:
1. XOR a and b.
2. AND result with c.
3. Store result in c.
2815	Unmajority gate: performs a controlled-controlled-controlled-X (cccx) followed by swap-like operations to balance the majority vote.
2816	Converts a QuantumCircuit to a LaTeX string with various options for scaling, styling, and visualization.
2817	Draws a quantum circuit using matplotlib, with options to scale, save to file, apply styles, reverse bit order, and justify the layout. Returns a matplotlib figure object.
2818	Generates a random dim x dim unitary matrix using the Haar measure through the method of random state generation and QR decomposition.
2819	Generates a random density matrix of specified length and rank using either the Hilbert-Schmidt or Bures metric.
2820	Generate a complex random matrix with normally distributed real and imaginary parts.
2821	Generates a random density matrix of size N x N from the Hilbert-Schmidt metric using a Ginibre matrix, normalizing by the trace.
2822	Generate a random density matrix from the Bures metric.
2823	Return a list of custom gate names in the gate body.
2824	Power a QuantumChannel with itself n times using np.linalg.matrix_power. Raises QiskitError if n is not an integer or input_dim != output_dim.
2825	Compose two subsystems by specifying qubits and determining tensor contraction indices based on whether the composition is in the front or back.
2826	Converts a QuantumCircuit or Instruction to a SuperOp.
2827	Insert a barrier before the last measurements in a DAG circuit.
2828	Converts a list of QuantumCircuits into a Qobj for simulation or execution on quantum backends. Ignores unused parameters and shows a deprecation warning.
2829	Expand 3+ qubit gates using decomposition rules, recursively unrolling, and raising QiskitError if a gate cannot be decomposed.
2830	Expand a gate in the given DAG into its decomposition.
2831	if num_qubits == 1: create a 1-qubit register and calculate the Euler angles for the unitary matrix, then define the circuit using a U3 gate. if num_qubits == 2: use the two_qubit_kak function to define the circuit for the unitary matrix.
2832	Validate if the value matches the schema's model type, handling nested schemas and multiple values.
2833	Checks if a value is a list of valid item-field values by validating each element. Raises a ValidationError if any element is invalid.
2834	Set the absolute tolerance parameter for float comparisons, ensuring it's non-negative and below the maximum tolerance.
2835	Set the relative tolerance parameter for float comparisons, ensuring it is non-negative and less than the maximum allowed tolerance.
2836	Reshapes the input and output dimensions of an operator if specified, ensuring the product of dimensions remains constant. Raises an error if the new dimensions are incompatible.
2837	Retrieves input dimensions for specified subsystems, or all subsystems if none specified.
2838	```python
Return tuple of output dimensions for specified subsystems.
```
2839	Make a copy of the current operator using the same class and passing the data, input dimensions, and output dimensions.
2840	Returns the n-times composed operator by composing the operator with itself n times, raising an error if n is not a positive integer or if the operator's input and output dimensions are not equal.
2841	def _automatic_dims(cls, dims, size): Determines if input dimensions match the given size and returns appropriate qubit dimensions.
If dims is None, it sets it to size. If the product of dims does not match size, it raises a QiskitError. If dims is an integer, it calculates the number of qubits and returns a tuple of corresponding qubit dimensions. Otherwise, it returns the input dims as a tuple.
2842	Performs matrix multiplication on a reshaped tensor using NumPy's einsum function based on specified indices.
2843	Override `_deserialize` to customize an exception message. If a specific error message is encountered, replace it with a more user-friendly message.
2844	Override `_serialize` to customize exception behavior. Raise `ValidationError` if exception contains 'serialization_schema_selector', otherwise re-raise.
2845	Check if any `ModelTypeValidator` field validates the value; raise an error if none do.
2846	Calculates the state fidelity between two quantum states, which can be either state vectors or density matrices. Uses different formulas for pure and mixed states and computes the fidelity based on the input types.
2847	Apply scalar function to singular values of input matrix and return the resulting matrix.
2848	Returns a new Snapshot object with the same parameters as the current object.
2849	Set snapshot label to name if it's a string, otherwise raise TypeError.
2850	Check if the quantum channel is unitary. Convert to operator and verify unitarity with optional tolerance parameters. If conversion fails, return False.
2851	Try to convert a channel to a unitary representation Operator.
2852	Converts quantum channel to Kraus or UnitaryGate instruction. Raises error if input is not an N-qubit CPTP channel.
2853	Converts input to QuantumChannel or Operator, handling specific methods for conversion if available.
2854	Create Graphene Enum for sorting a SQLAlchemy class query
2855	Patches `_strptime` to force English locale settings, ensuring date parsing works regardless of system locale configurations.
2856	Get an ordered mapping of locale codes to instances, using the provided languages, locales, and region parameters, and optionally maintaining the given order and allowing conflicting locales.
2857	Generates locale instances based on provided languages, locales, and region, allowing for ordered results and conflicts.
2858	Check if list tokens are valid for locale, return True if all tokens match relative regex, are in the locale, or are digits, False otherwise.
2859	Split a date string using locale info translations, retain formatting if specified, and return a list of token strings.
2860	Parse a date string using specified formats, languages, locales, and settings, returning a datetime object or None if unsuccessful.
2861	Attempts to parse the time part of date strings like '1 day ago, 2 PM' by first removing certain patterns and then using a time parser function.
2862	Check if the locale is applicable to translate a date string, optionally stripping timezone, translating numerals, normalizing unicode, simplifying the string, and validating tokens using a dictionary.
2863	Translate date string to English, retaining formatting if specified.
2864	Parses a date string using multiple formats, adjusts for missing day information, applies year correction, and sets timezone based on settings. Returns a dictionary with the parsed date and period.
2865	```text
The method get_ammo_generator returns an ammo generator based on the specified uris or ammo file, choosing the appropriate reader from af_readers dictionary. It handles configuration errors and logs the selection of the ammo reader.
```
2866	translates http code to net code; sets net code to 314 if assertion failed, otherwise returns 0; handles non-http codes by splitting input string and checking known exceptions dictionary; logs warning for unknown exceptions
2867	def _exc_to_http(param1): Translates exception string to HTTP code. Returns int if valid, else 0 or logs error/warning.
2868	Read and parse configuration settings to initialize various parameters and objects for Phantom tool execution, including setting thread count, logging level, and timeout values, while handling edge cases and preparing artifact files.
2869	Generate a phantom tool run config by iterating through streams, composing config strings, constructing arguments, creating a temporary file, substituting template placeholders, and writing the final configuration to the file.
2870	Merges multiple stream objects into a single result object, consolidating their steps, loadschemes, and other parameters while ensuring valid and non-zero totals for ammo count and duration.
2871	Compose benchmark block with configuration settings.
2872	This function polls the stdout and stderr streams, logging any output using the provided log object. It handles both readable and exceptional handles and logs debug and warning messages accordingly.
2873	Converts a time string to seconds,支持毫秒，秒，分钟，小时，天和周单位，可选默认单位和乘数。
2874	Reads configuration options for StepperWrapper, setting values like ammo file, type, loop limit, and more. Handles loading profiles, instances, URIs, headers, and caching settings. Adjusts paths and splits chosen cases for further processing.
2875	def prepare_stepper(self):  
  Generate test data if necessary.  
  Check if cached stpd-file exists.  
  If cached file exists, use it and update instances if rps_schedule is set.  
  If cached file does not exist, create a new stpd-file.  
  Update stepper_info with relevant data and publish it.  
  Set instance variables with stepper_info values.
2876	Chooses a file name for stepped data based on configuration settings, using hashing for uniqueness if caching is enabled.
2877	Read stepper info from JSON file and load into StepperInfo object.
2878	Writes stepper information to a JSON file.
2879	Generate a stpd file using the Stepper class with various parameters
2880	Create a Load Plan from a schedule, publish its duration and steps, and return the plan.
2881	Return rps for time t if within duration, interpolate between minrps and maxrps.
2882	Execute a command and return the exit code if successful, else raise an exception.
2883	This method decodes monitoring data by iterating through nested dictionaries, extracting relevant information, and creating a list of points using a helper method.
2884	Make points for a label by combining overall quantiles, overall meta, net codes, proto codes, and histograms.
2885	Log debug message and publish value to status
2886	Returns the total count of codes in a dictionary that match a given regular expression.
2887	The `stop` method signals the workers to finish their tasks and quit. It sets a quit flag, waits for all workers to finish, and then clears the task queue before closing it and joining the feeder thread. It handles exceptions that may occur during the process.
2888	Feeds tasks to a queue in a separate thread until a quit flag is set. Waits for workers to finish before exiting.
2889	### Initialize logging with file and console handlers, set different formats and filters.
2890	Method to override config options with user-specified options if provided, applying shorthand options.
2891	Configs and options processed. Lock acquired before running. Plugins loaded.
2892	Gracefully shuts down system by calling shutdown routines and plugins, logging the process with informational messages.
2893	Collect data from queues, update caches, and notify listeners if stats or data is available. If at the end and data cache is non-empty, notify listeners for data with missing stats.
2894	Notify all listeners about aggregate data and stats by calling `on_aggregated_data` on each listener.
2895	def get_marker(marker_type, enum_ammo=False):
    Returns a marker function based on the specified marker_type. If enum_ammo is True, the marker function will return an enumerated value.
2896	Parses duration strings like '3h2m3s' into milliseconds using regular expressions and multipliers.
2897	Starts a local agent, sets up command arguments, optionally kills old processes, launches a popen session, and initializes a reader thread.
2898	Starts a remote agent by constructing and executing a command via SSH. Logs start information and constructs a command string with necessary paths and options. Executes the command asynchronously, reads the output in a separate thread, and returns the SSH session object.
2899	Scans jmeter.log for lines indicating theTCP port to discover it timeout after 10 seconds if not found.
2900	Modifies a JMX file by removing certain lines, adding user-defined variables, and optionally extending logging according to specified settings.
2901	Gracefully terminates a running process by sending a termination signal and waiting for a specified timeout. If termination fails, it sends a kill signal. Logs warnings if the process cannot be terminated or killed.
2902	Parse lines, extract timestamp, RPS, and instances, update last timestamp if newer, append stats item to results.
2903	Parse input string, extract criterion type, and instantiate corresponding criterion class from custom list. If type not found, raise ValueError.
2904	Parse XML file, handle errors, extract hosts, and collect host-specific configurations.
2905	create startup config
2906	def __check_disk(self): raise exception if disk space exceeds limit
2907	Checks system memory and raises an exception if free memory is less than设定的内存限制.
2908	Determines terminal width and height using ioctl, file descriptors, and environment variables, returning dimensions as integers.
2909	Gets and processes the first line from widget_output for the right panel, truncating if necessary and cleaning markup.
2910	Truncates a line of text chunks to fit within a maximum width by removing chunks from the end if necessary.
2911	Render left panel blocks, adjust width, handle broken panel, and append lines.
2912	Determines terminal size, calculates panel widths, renders info widgets, composes final screen output by interleaving left and right panels.
2913	`Add widget with unique index to the info_widgets dictionary, incrementing index if necessary`
2914	Pad lines in a block to equal width and append reset and padding to each line.
2915	Calculate visible length of string or list/tuple elements
2916	Generates load plan timestamps based on given schedule.
2917	Converts the level to a string with a percentage sign if it is relative.
2918	Adds a widget to the right panel screen if a screen instance exists, otherwise logs a debug message.
2919	Send request to writer service with retries for network errors and maintenance
2920	Loads plugins, checks for deprecated names, imports modules, creates instances, and registers them.
2921	```find and return the first plugin of the desired class, raise KeyError if not found```
2922	Retrieve plugins by class, raise KeyError if not found.
2923	Move or copy a single file to the artifacts directory, with an option to keep the original file.
2924	Adds a file to the artifact_files dictionary and logs the action with a debug message.
2925	Create a temporary file in the artifacts directory, close the file handle, and set the file permissions to 0o644.
2926	Reads configs into storage, logs errors if unable to load.
2927	Writes current config to file, defaulting to self.file if filename is not provided.
2928	Retrieves a list of options from a configuration section with an optional prefix.
2929	Returns sections from config that start with specified prefix
2930	This method decodes statistical data from a chunk, extracting information about instances and request rates. It processes each date in the chunk, calculates the date as a timestamp, and sums up the instances of a specific benchmark. It then determines the request rate based on the offset from a start time and yields a stats item.
2931	If `self.cached_info` is None, it checks if `self.phantom` is not None. If both conditions are met, it retrieves info object using `self.phantom.get_info()` and caches it. Finally, it returns the cached info object.
2932	Parse configuration and install monitoring agents for hosts, appending agent details to relevant lists.
2933	Collects data from agents, filters out null chunks, and prepares the data for sending. Logs the time taken for the operation and handles the first data received event.
2934	Sends collected data to listeners, ensuring each receives a deep copy.
2935	```python
def __detect_configuration(self):
    """
    Determines which plugin's configuration is specified and returns the corresponding SECTION name.
    Raises ValueError if both telegraf and monitoring configurations are specified.
    Sets default telegraf target if only monitoring target is specified.
    Returns None for defaults if no configurations are specified.
    """
```
2936	Update data tree with metric value and calculate sign based on comparison with previous value
2937	- Split input block by newline
- Iterate over each chunk and parse as JSON
- Extract key components and decode metrics using `decoder`
- Calculate differences if previous check exists
- Collect and return timestamp and prepared results
2938	Subscribes to a list of channels by separating them into NATS and WebSocket channels. Opens necessary connections if not already opened. Sends subscription requests for each type of channel via the appropriate connection.
2939	asyncio event loop runs forever, subscribing to initial channels and closing on exception.
2940	Close any open connections (WebSocket and polygon if not None)
2941	Perform a single request, handling 429 errors by retrying or raising RetryException. Decodes error responses containing "code" to JSON and raises APIError. Returns the response body as JSON for 200 status, otherwise returns None.
2942	Submits a new order with the given parameters including symbol, quantity, side, type, and other optional parameters like limit price, stop price, and client order ID. Returns an Order object with the response from the server.
2943	Gets an order by ID and returns an Order object.
2944	Calls an API to fetch details of an open position for a given symbol and returns a Position object containing the details.
2945	- Method: list_assets
- Input: status, asset_class
- Output: list of Asset objects
- Purpose: Fetches assets based on status and class params
2946	Retrieves an asset by symbol using the API and returns an Asset object.
2947	Creates a subplan for joining multiple steps into a single output in a pipeline. Takes a pipeline definition, a solid, a join step key, a list of parallel steps, and a parallel step output. Ensures each parallel step has the specified output. Creates a join step and combines it with the parallel steps, returning a subplan with the join step as the final output.
2948	Ensures argument obj is a native Python dictionary, raises an exception if not, and checks key and value types if provided.
2949	Ensures obj is a dictionary or None, instantiates an empty dict if None, and checks key-value types if provided.
2950	Returns a structured event logger that constructs and passes event records to a provided callback.
2951	Construct a logger that records events to a JSON file specified by `json_path`. The logger uses a custom handler to format the event records into a structured JSON format before writing them to the file.
2952	Read a config file and instantiate the RCParser. If the file doesn't exist, raise a ConfigFileError. Otherwise, return a new RCParser instance.
2953	Read index servers, find repo config, return config dictionary or None
2954	Formats a config dictionary for GraphQL by recursively converting it to a properly indented string representation. Handles dictionaries, lists, booleans, and other data types. Uses an indenter to manage indentation levels.
2955	Retrieves and caches a pipeline by name, constructing it if not already cached. Raises an error if the pipeline is not found.
2956	Retrieve all pipelines, ensuring uniqueness by constructing solid definitions, then return the list.
2957	This function continuously polls the process and queue until a valid item is retrieved or the process is dead and the queue is empty. If the queue is empty and the process is not alive, it attempts to drain the queue one last time before returning `PROCESS_DEAD_AND_QUEUE_EMPTY`.
2958	Execute pipeline through message queue, handling errors and signaling process completion.
2959	Waits indefinitely until all processes are enqueued and the processing semaphore is not locked.
2960	Defines a Field schema for configuration data, specifying type, default value, optionality, and description, and validates the provided dagster_type.
2961	Constructs a dependency dictionary and step dictionary from the pipeline steps, then returns an ExecutionPlan object with the pipeline definition, step dictionary, dependencies, and artifacts persisted.
2962	The `build` function creates an execution plan from a pipeline definition and environment configuration. It iterates through the pipeline's solids in topological order, constructing execution steps for each solid's inputs, transform function, and outputs. It uses a `_PlanBuilder` object to manage and build these steps, returning the final `ExecutionPlan`.
2963	Buidls a pipeline subset from an existing pipeline, including only specified solids and their dependencies.
2964	Returns the solid definition with the given name, raising an error if it does not exist.
2965	Constructs a list of shell commands to build and publish a package to PyPI, optionally adding custom steps and handling nightly builds.
2966	Tags submodules, checks version increment, updates version.py, commits changes, and sets git tag
2967	Creates a context definition from an existing context, useful for testing, and returns it as a dictionary with a default context name key.
2968	A decorator for annotating functions that select properties from a config value and convert them to an instance of a custom type.
2969	Decorator for annotating a function to materialize selected properties of a config value and runtime value.
2970	Given a block of text, automatically wraps it according to the specified line length and indents it with the given prefix.
2971	Download an object from S3 using the provided context and return the path to the downloaded file.
2972	Uploads a file to S3 using the provided.bucket and key from context.solid_config, and yields the bucket and key.
2973	Wraps user-space code execution in an error boundary, ensuring UserCodeExecutionError is raised with original stack trace preserved for better error reporting, especially useful in notebook contexts.
2974	mkdir_p creates a directory and its parent directories if they don't exist, mimicking the behavior of the 'mkdir -p' command-line utility.
2975	### Summary:
The `user_code_context_manager` is a context manager that ensures a user-provided function yields exactly one value. It wraps the function, captures potential errors, and asserts that the function yields just one item. If the function yields more or fewer items, an error is raised.
2976	def _create_context_free_log(run_config, pipeline_def):
    Create a DagsterLog instance without depending on ExecutionContext. Uses default logger, supplemented by event or custom loggers from run_config.
2977	Determines if any step in the execution was successful by checking event types. Returns True if at least one step succeeded, otherwise False.
2978	Returns True if all events indicate that the solid execution was skipped.
2979	If successful and with transformations, return a dictionary of transformed results with keys as output names; otherwise, return None.
2980	def transformed_value(self, output_name=DEFAULT_OUTPUT): Checks output_name, reconstructs pipeline context, and returns transformed value if successful, otherwise returns None.
2981	Iterates through step expectations and transforms, returning the step failure data if a step failure event is encountered.
2982	A decorator creating a permissive dictionary class that optionally validates specified fields.
2983	Validates if the dataset follows the form "project.dataset" or "dataset" using regex.
2984	def _is_valid_table(config_value):
    '''Checks if config_value matches the pattern "project.dataset.table" or "dataset.table"
    '''
    return bool(re.match(r'^' + RE_PROJECT + r'\.' + RE_DS_TABLE + r'\.' + RE_DS_TABLE + r'$|^' + RE_DS_TABLE + r'\.' + RE_DS_TABLE + r'$', config_value))
2985	Execute user-specified transform, log debug, capture results, track metrics, and log omitted outputs if any.
2986	Takes a Python class and creates a Dagster type by defining its name, description, input and output schemas, serialization strategy, and storage plugins.
2987	def resource(config_field=None, description=None):
    'Decorator for creating a resource. Applies to function or function with arguments.'
2988	This method creates an event using the Events API v2, enabling advanced event and incident management. It accepts a summary, source, and severity, and optional parameters like event_action, dedup_key, timestamp, component, group, event_class, and custom_details. The data is then sent to PagerDuty using the pypd library.
2989	Groups execution steps by solid, maintaining topological order.
2990	Sets default database connection parameters using `settings.py`, updating only non-blank fields
2991	The `get_new_connection` method receives a dictionary of connection parameters, sets up a database connection using these parameters, and returns the connected database. It handles closing the previous connection if it exists, ensures the `document_class` is set to `OrderedDict`, and initializes a `DjongoClient` with additional schema enforcement options.
2992	Returns an active database connection cursor.
2993	Closes the database connection if it exists, handling any database errors gracefully.
2994	Creates a model instance from a dictionary by converting the dictionary values to the appropriate field types using the model's metadata.
2995	Converts MongoDB array to Python list by iterating through each element and creating a model instance for non-existing elements.
2996	Returns a formfield for the array with default and overridden parameters.
2997	Converts input value to a model instance by checking its type and using the make_mdl function if necessary.
2998	Filter and return a queryset based on the instance, database, and core filters.
2999	Computes a 2D array of expected false positives for sub-intervals of a given size distribution.
3000	Computes the expected false positives for all possible sub-intervals of a domain.
3001	Computes optimal partitions based on size distributions and expected false positives, returning partitions, total false positives, and cost matrix.
3002	Computes optimal partitions for set sizes into a specified number of groups.
3003	Compute C1 and C2 based on a1, a2, r1, and r2. If both r1 and r2 are 0, return a1 and a2. Otherwise, calculate C1 and C2 using the formula (a1 * r2 + a2 * r1) / (r1 + r2).
3004	Initialize the slots for the LeanMinHash with a seed and hash values.
3005	Computes byte size for serialized data using specified byte order.
3006	Serialize MinHash into buffer. Check buffer size. Use fmt for packing. Store seed, count, and hash values.
3007	Defining the `deserialize` method for a lean MinHash, this function takes a buffer and an optional byteorder parameter. It unpacks the buffer to extract the seed, number of permutations, and hash values. Using these, it creates a new instance of LeanMinHash and initializes it.
3008	Update the MinHash object with a new value using a specified hash function. The method calculates the hash value of the input, applies permutations, and updates the minimum hash values stored in the object.
3009	Merge two MinHash objects and update the first one to be the union of both, provided they have the same seed and number of permutation functions. If they differ, raise a ValueError.
3010	Union multiple MinHash objects into a single MinHash object by taking the minimum of their hash values.
3011	Index all sets given their keys, MinHashes, and sizes. It can be called only once after the index is created. Raises errors for invalid inputs, creates optimal partitions, and inserts entries into these partitions.
3012	Given a MinHash and the size of the query set, this method retrieves keys from an index set where the referenced sets contain the query set with a containment threshold. It iterates through indexes, optimizes parameters, and queries each relevant bucket for intersecting keys, yielding them as an iterator.
3013	Create a MinHash from a weighted Jaccard vector. Transform the vector into a hash function using linear transformations and logarithmic scaling. Return the MinHash object.
3014	Remove a key from the index, handling pickling and invalid keys.
3015	A method for updating a HyperLogLog data structure with a new byte value, using a specified hash function to compute the value's representation and update the internal register with the maximum rank found.
3016	Estimates the cardinality of data values using HyperLogLog and applies corrections for small, normal, and large ranges.
3017	Merge two HyperLogLog objects if they have the same precision, updating this object to be the union of both by taking the maximum register values.
3018	Reset the HyperLogLog register to all zeros.
3019	Computes average precision at k between two lists
3020	Computes mean average precision at k for given actual and predicted lists.
3021	Iterate through each hashtable, extract its keys, sort them, and store in a new list.
3022	Return the top-k keys with the highest Jaccard similarities to the query set, using MinHash and a sliding window approach.
3023	Closes client resources, disconnects from AsyncMinHashLSH storage, and sets `_initialized` to False.
3024	def ordered_storage(config, name=None): Determines the type of storage system to return based on the provided config. Returns a DictListStorage object if the config type is 'dict', and a RedisListStorage object if the config type is 'redis', optionally prefixing keys with the given name for Redis containers.
3025	This method returns an unordered storage system based on the specified config. Configs for in-memory storage are of type 'dict' while configs for Redis storage are of type 'redis'. The 'name' parameter is used to prefix keys in Redis containers.
3026	def get_user(self, obj):
    """
    Fetches and serializes user data using a customizable UserDetailsSerializer.
    """
3027	Sets social login state to connect
3028	Select the correct text from a Japanese number, reading, or alternatives. If reading is True, return the kana reading; otherwise, return the kanji number. If multiple alternatives are provided, return the preferred one or the first one.
3029	Parse scoped selector by removing leading '%' if present and ensuring it doesn't end with '.value'. Split selector into scope and main selector. Return both.
3030	Parse a single statement. Return a BindingStatement, ImportStatement, IncludeStatement, or None (EOF reached). Skip whitespace and comments. Check for 'import' or 'include' keywords. Handle '=' for BindingStatement. Raise syntax errors for invalid input.
3031	Parse and return a single literal value using a sequence of parsers, raise an error if none succeed.
3032	Moves to the next line by updating the current token until it advances to a new line.
3033	Try to parse a configurable reference pattern (@[scope/name/]fn_name[()]). Advance past '@', parse the scoped name, and optionally evaluate the function by checking for parentheses. Handle syntax errors and whitespace. Return True and the parsed reference if successful, or False and None otherwise.
3034	Reraises the given exception with an appended message, maintaining traceback information.
3035	Converts an operative config string to markdown format by processing each line based on specific rules and joining the processed lines into a single string.
3036	Saves Gin config as a file and optionally as a TensorFlow summary.
3037	Ensure a function can be wrapped cleanly by functools.wraps.
3038	"""
Decorates a function or class with the given decorator. If `fn_or_cls` is a function, the decorator is applied directly. If it's a class, the `__init__` method is decorated unless `subclass` is True, in which case a new subclass is created with a decorated `__init__`. The decorated class maintains the same metadata as the original.
"""
3039	Formats a value into a string representation that can be parsed back to the original value using `parse_value` if possible, otherwise returns `None`.
3040	Clears global configuration by resetting various internal dictionaries and, optionally, constants.
3041	Binds a value to a configurable parameter identified by a key, updating subsequent calls to the function with the bound value. Raises errors if the config is locked or if the key is invalid.
3042	Retrieves the bound value for a given parameter using a binding key. Validates the `binding_key` and checks if the configurable and parameter exist in the `_CONFIG` dictionary. Raises errors if the configurable or parameter is not found.
3043	Checks if a given argument name might be a valid parameter for a function or class, considering `**kwargs` or keyword-only arguments.
3044	def _get_cached_arg_spec(fn): Returns cached argspec for `fn`, or computes and caches it if not already present.
3045	Returns the names of the supplied positional arguments to the given function.
3046	Returns names of all positional arguments for a given function, excluding default parameters.
3047	Retrieve default values for configurable parameters of a function, filtering by whitelist and blacklist. Cache results for efficiency.
3048	Opens a configuration scope with a context manager.
3049	Decorator to make a function or class configurable, allowing parameters to be supplied from the global configuration. Can specify a name, module, whitelist, or blacklist for parameters. Returns the decorated function or class.
3050	This function generates a configuration string for the current program, capturing all parameter values used by configurable functions that are actually called. It formats the string with a maximum line length and indentation for continued lines. The string includes imports, macros, and other bindings sorted alphabetically by configurable name. It filters out non-representable parameters and avoids including bindings for macros or constants.
3051	Parse configuration parameters from bindings and set them globally. Handle file-like objects, strings, and lists of strings. Support Python literals and configurable function references. Optionally skip unknown configurables.
3052	Register a file reader for use in parse_config_file. Function can be used as a decorator.
3053	Parses a Gin config file, skipping unknown configurables and imports if specified. Raises IOError if the file cannot be opened.
3054	Parses multiple config files and applies additional bindings, finalizing the configuration if specified.
3055	def parse_value(value):
  if not isinstance(value, string):
    raise ValueError('value should be a string.')
  return ConfigParser(value, ParserDelegate()).parse_value()
3056	Finalize function:
- Called after parsing all Gin config files
- Registers "finalize hooks" to inspect and modify the config
- Raises RuntimeError if config is already locked
- Raises ValueError if multiple hooks modify the same key
- Updates the config with new bindings from hooks
- Locks the config after finalization
3057	Cycles through all levels of a nested structure, yielding each value.
3058	Iterates over references in a given config dictionary, optionally filtering by configurable function.
3059	Creates a constant with a given name and value that can be referenced in Gin config files. Raises ValueError if the name is invalid or a constant with the same name already exists.
3060	Defines a decorator for enum classes to generate Gin constants with a specified format, using the class name and enum value. Optionally takes a module name to avoid naming conflicts. Raises a TypeError if applied to a non-enum class.
3061	Retrieves all selectors matching a given partial selector by traversing a selector tree and returning matching selectors.
3062	Takes a partial selector as input, retrieves matching selectors, and returns their corresponding values as a list.
3063	Removes the most specific parts of a CSS selector until it becomes minimal while still uniquely identifying the same elements.
3064	Transforms Mopidy search query to Spotify search query by iterating through fields and values, applying transformations where needed, and concatenating the results into a Spotify-compatible search query.
3065	Parse the 'Retry-After' header in a response to determine the number of seconds to wait before retrying, handling both numeric and date values.
3066	Validate new property value before setting. Raise error if ReadOnly or invalid according to metadata.
3067	Returns a dictionary describing the property, adding a 'links' entry with 'property' relation if not already present.
3068	Sets the current value of the property after validating it.
3069	def get_thing(self, idx):
    """
    Retrieve the thing at the given index.

    idx -- the index
    Attempts to convert idx to integer. Returns None if conversion fails or index is out of range.
    """
    try:
        idx = int(idx)
    except ValueError:
        return None

    if idx < 0 or idx >= len(self.things):
        return None

    return self.things[idx]
3070	Sets self.things and self.hosts with provided lists.
3071	Sets default headers for all requests, including CORS settings.
3072	Validate Host header and raise 403 if invalid.
3073	Handles a GET request, manages WebSocket connections, and returns a JSON response.
3074	Handle incoming JSON message and process based on message type. Validate message structure and parse properties accordingly. Handle errors and notify client if message is invalid.
3075	Handles a POST request, processes the payload, performs actions on a thing, and returns a response.
3076	Handles DELETE request to remove an action from a thing. Returns 204 if successful, 404 if not found.
3077	Start listening for incoming connections by setting up Zeroconf service registration and starting a Tornado IOLoop.
3078	Returns a dictionary describing an action with details like href, timeRequested, status, input, and timeCompleted if available.
3079	- Sets status to 'pending'
- Calls `action_notify` on `self.thing`
- Performs the action
- Finishes
3080	Mark the action as completed, set the completion time, and notify the associated thing.
3081	Returns a dictionary describing the event with the event name as the key, containing a timestamp and optional data.
3082	Get the default local IP address by trying to connect to a publicAddr and getting the socket's name, or return '127.0.0.1' as a fallback.
3083	Get all IP addresses, filter out link-local addresses, and return sorted list.
3084	### Summary:
Set a new value and forward it if necessary, then notify of the update.
3085	Notify observers if the value has changed since the last update.
3086	Return the state of an object as a Thing Description dictionary, including properties, actions, events, links, and optional UI and description fields.
3087	Sets the href prefix for the current object and recursively for all associated properties and actions.
3088	Returns a dictionary of property descriptions.
3089	Retrieves action descriptions for a given action or all actions if no name is provided.
3090	Get event descriptions based on optional event name. Returns array of descriptions.
3091	Add a property to this thing with the specified href_prefix and store it in the properties dictionary.
3092	Remove a property from this thing by deleting it from the properties dictionary if the property's name is found.
3093	Get property value by name, return value or None if not found.
3094	Returns a dictionary mapping property names to their values.
3095	Set a property value.
3096	Retrieves an action by name and ID from a dictionary of actions. Returns the action if found, otherwise returns None.
3097	Add a new event and notify subscribers.
3098	Add an available event with the given name and metadata. If no metadata is provided, it defaults to an empty dictionary. The event is stored with a dictionary containing the metadata and an empty set for subscribers.
3099	Perform an action if it is available. Validate input if required. Create action, set href prefix, notify, and store action.
3100	Remove an action by its name and ID, cancel the action, remove it from the list, and return True if successful.
3101	Add an action with a name, metadata, and class to the available actions dictionary and initialize an empty list for the action.
3102	Removes a websocket subscriber and its subscriptions from available events.
3103	Add a new websocket subscriber to an event if the event name is available.
3104	Remove a websocket subscriber from an event if the event exists and the subscriber is subscribed.
3105	Notify subscribers about a property change by sending a JSON message containing the property name and value. Handle closed WebSocket connections by ignoring the error.
3106	Notify subscribers of an action status change by sending a JSON message containing the action description. Handle WebSocketClosedError gracefully.
3107	Notify subscribers of an event. Check if event is available, then send a message via WebSocket to each subscriber, handling closed connections gracefully.
3108	Custom annotate function that allows using field names as alias names by temporarily renaming fields with the same names as annotations and then renaming them back.
3109	This method updates rows in a database that match a filter, using the provided fields. It constructs a query, executes it with atomicity, and sends signals for each updated row. The method returns the number of rows affected.
3110	Inserts multiple records into the database, handling conflicts and returning either dictionaries or model instances. Uses standard Django bulk_create if no special conflict behavior is specified.
3111	Creates a new record in the database. If custom conflict behavior is specified, it uses a custom compiler to execute the SQL and returns the primary key of the created record. If no special behavior is specified, it uses the standard Django create() method and returns the primary key of the created record.
3112	Inserts a new record into the database, handles conflicts using custom behavior if specified, otherwise uses standard Django create. Returns the created model instance.
3113	Builds an SQL insert compiler for bulk upserts, handling different field counts and constructing a PostgreSQL-specific insert query.
3114	Checks if a field modifies its value during pre_save based on whether it's an insert or update.
3115	Gets fields for an upsert operation, splitting them into insert and update groups, considering default values and special cases like primary keys and magical fields.
3116	Sends signals indicating model creation or update with the instance's primary key.
3117	Sends a 'delete' signal with the instance's pk when a model is deleted.
3118	def IsNotNone(*fields, default=None):
    Creates a Case-When expression to return the first non-None field value from the given fields, or a default value if all are None.
3119	def resolve_expression(self, *args, **kwargs):
    Resolve expressions inside the dictionary.
3120	Compiles an HStore value into SQL, recursively compiling nested expressions.
3121	Returns a re-labeled clone of the expression using the provided relabels dictionary.
3122	Method `add_join_conditions` adds extra conditions to an existing JOIN in a SQL query. It uses the `alias_map` to find the correct `ConditionalJoin` object for the target table and adds the condition to it. If the target table does not already have a `ConditionalJoin` object, it creates one.
3123	Checks if a specified field name corresponds to a HStoreField in a model, returning a tuple indicating whether the field is a HStoreField and the field instance itself.
3124	Sets values for insert and update operations in a query, handling fields to be inserted and updated.
3125	Creates a REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for a specified hstore key on a table.
3126	Renames a REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for a specified hstore key when renaming a table and field.
3127	Drops a REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for a specified hstore key in a given table.
3128	Returns a name for a constraint on a single hstore key in a table.
3129	Generates SQL for creating an index based on the model and schema editor, applying conditions if Django version is 2.0 or higher.
3130	def create_command(text, commands):
    Creates a custom setup.py command with the provided description and runs a list of commands using subprocess.
3131	Gets the base class for the custom database back-end, defaulting to Django's PostgreSQL back-end. Allows configuration through settings. Validates that the specified base class is a valid database back-end and not derived from Psycopg2DatabaseWrapper.
3132	Prepares the database by enabling the `hstore` extension if it's not already enabled. Logs a warning if the extension cannot be created, indicating potential issues with `hstore` columns in tables.
3133	This method overrides the base class's `get_prep_value` to handle dictionaries and lists differently. It leaves dictionary values that are expressions unchanged, converts non-None dictionary values to strings, and converts all items in a list to strings.
3134	Builds the RETURNING part of the query by quoting the primary key field name of the model.
3135	Builds the SQL INSERT statement by rewriting each query from the superclass and optionally returning the inserted ID.
3136	Rewrites an SQL INSERT query to include an ON CONFLICT clause based on the conflict action and returns a tuple of the rewritten query and parameters.
3137	Rewrites an INSERT query to include the ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE clause, optionally filtering with an index predicate, and returns the updated query and parameters.
3138	Rewrites an INSERT query to include an ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING clause by using a WITH clause, attempting an INSERT with DO UPDATE that never executes, and then selecting from the table to check for existing rows.
3139	Builds a conflict target for the ON CONFLICT clause, validating each field and handling hstore keys.
3140	Retrieves a model field by name, considering both the actual field name and the column name. Returns the field if found, or None otherwise. Special accommodates 'pk' for primary key.
3141	Formats a field name for SQL usage by retrieving the model field and quoting it.
3142	def _format_field_value(self, field_name) -> str:
    Normalizes field name, gets model field, and prepares value for SQL insertion without altering auto_now fields.
3143	Creates a UNIQUE constraint for specified hstore keys in a model's database table.
3144	Renames a UNIQUE constraint for hstore keys.
3145	Drops a UNIQUE constraint for specified hstore keys in a given model.
3146	Gets a UNIQUE INDEX name for a hstore field in a table. Uses the table name, field name, and key names to create a unique name.
3147	Iterates over unique keys in a specified field. Outputs composed keys.
3148	Adds a condition to the join method.
3149	Compiles a SQL JOIN by appending additional conditions and parameters.
3150	Returns 95% confidence interval for T-distribution based on degrees of freedom.
3151	Calculate pooled sample variance for two samples by summing squared deviations from the mean for each sample and dividing by the total degrees of freedom.
3152	Calculate the t-test score for the difference between two samples by first checking if they have the same number of values, then computing the pooled sample variance, and finally returning the difference between their means divided by the square root of twice the variance.
3153	def is_significant(sample1, sample2):
    Perform a two-sample, two-tailed t-test to determine if two samples differ significantly at the 0.95 confidence level. Returns a boolean indicating significance and the t-score.
3154	def topoSort(roots, getParents):
    """Return a topological sorting of nodes in a graph using iterative DFS."""
    results = []
    visited = set()
    stack = [(node, 0) for node in roots]
    while stack:
        current, state = stack.pop()
        if state == 0:
            if current not in visited:
                visited.add(current)
                stack.append((current, 1))
                stack.extend((parent, 0) for parent in getParents(current))
        else:
            assert(current in visited)
            results.append(current)
    return results
3155	Solves the N-Queens problem by generating all permutations of column positions and checking if they form a valid solution.
3156	UCT tree search for a move, expand nodes if necessary, perform random playouts, and update the path with the result.
3157	Selects move: unexplored child first, then best child, otherwise pass.
3158	Simulates random playouts until the game is finished.
3159	Filter out benchmarks not supported by both Pythons.
3160	Recursively expands benchmark names by replacing group names with their constituent benchmark names from a given dictionary.
3161	Generates a list of strings of length n, with repeated prefixes and suffices, including variations with 'Perl', 'Python', and 'a5,b7,c9,'.
3162	Generate and cache string prefix/suffix lengths for regex benchmarks.
3163	Returns the start and end knots of the B-Spline domain.
3164	Fetches items from a specified category using keyword arguments, retrieving posts from a channel since a given date. Yields each post after fetching user data, stopping when no new posts are found or the desired date is reached. Logs the start and completion of the fetch process, along with the number of posts fetched.
3165	Parse JSON, extract post IDs from 'order', and yield posts in that order.
3166	Fetch user data from the RUSERS endpoint.
3167	Fetch entries from a RSS URL based on a specified category. Returns a generator of items.
3168	Fetch entries of a given category from a feed using backend arguments. Returns a generator of items. Logs the number of entries found.
3169	Create RSS argument parser with required 'url' argument.
3170	Retrieves bugs updated since a given date from a Bugzilla repository, optionally filtering by category. Returns a generator of bugs.
3171	Retrieve bug information from a specified date, with optional pagination and field selection.
3172	Get comments for a list of bug identifiers.
3173	Fetches history for given bugs
3174	Returns attachments for given list of bug identifiers
3175	Fetch issue notes from GitLab, parse, enrich with award emoji data, and return the list.
3176	Fetch merge requests from the GitLab API, filter out blacklisted ones, inflate data with additional information, and yield the complete merge requests.
3177	Fetch merge notes from GitLab, parse them, and add award emoji data before returning the list of notes.
3178	def get_merge_versions(merge_id):
    Get merge versions by fetching group versions, parsing them, retrieving full version details, removing 'diffs' field, and appending to the result list.
3179	Fetches merge requests with optional date filtering.
3180	Get the merge full data from GitLab by constructing a URL and making an API request.
3181	Retrieve merge versions for a given ID by fetching items from a paginated endpoint.
3182	Get merge version detail by constructing URL and fetching response text.
3183	Fetches item notes from pagination using specified order, sort, and pagination settings.
3184	Fetches emojis for a given item type and ID from pagination.
3185	Fetches emojis for a specific note on GitLab.
3186	Calculate the time until the token is reset by finding the difference between the current timestamp and the next full regeneration time. Adjust the time to reset to zero if it's already passed.
3187	Fetch items from GitLab API using links pagination. Yield items from multiple pages until the last page is reached.
3188	Initialize rate limit information. Fetch project details from the API, update the rate limit, or handle 401 errors accordingly.
3189	Returns an argument parser for GitLab commands, configuring options for GitLab arguments, generic client options, and positional arguments.
3190	Fetches messages from a channel since a given date, returning a generator of items.
3191	Extracts item identifier by combining 'ts' with either 'user', 'comment[user]', or 'bot_id'.
3192	Fetches conversation member count by iterating through paginated responses.
3193	Calls API to fetch info about a specific channel using a provided resource and channel parameter.
3194	Fetches user info by user ID.
3195	Returns a Slack command parser with required arguments and options.
3196	Extracts update time from 'delta_ts' field, converts to UNIX timestamp ignoring timezone.
3197	Parses a CSV string representing a bug list and yields dictionaries containing bug summaries.
3198	Parse an XML string to extract bug details, returning a generator of dictionaries. Raise a ParseError if no bugs are found or the XML is invalid.
3199	Parse HTML for bug activity, extracting who, when, what, removed, and added details from a structured table, skipping empty activities and removing tags for cleaner processing.
3200	Logs out by sending a logout request to the server, closing the HTTP session, and records the logout in the logs.
3201	Get metadata information in XML format by calling the CGI_BUG with XML params.
3202	Fetches a summary of bugs updated from a specified date, returning the results in CSV format.
3203	Get XML info for a list of bug IDs
3204	Get bug activity in HTML format using bug ID
3205	Fetches events of a specified category updated within a given date range, optionally filtering out classified fields, and returns a generator of these events.
3206	Fetches events by category, processes them, and yields them. Incorporates comments and rsvps. Stops fetching when events are updated before a specified date.
3207	Fetch a group's events within a specified date range
3208	Fetches comments for a given event by iterating through pages.
3209	``` 
Fetch the rsvps of a given event using a fixed set of parameters and iterate through pages of results.
```
3210	Fetches and returns HTML question bodies by making multiple requests until all pages are retrieved or a redirect occurs.
3211	Fetches all comments for a given Askbot question and its answers, returning them as a dictionary with IDs as keys.
3212	Builds an Askbot HTML response by combining question and answer parsing with added comments.
3213	Retrieve questions from an API endpoint, handling pagination and exceptions.
3214	Retrieve HTML question details by ID and page number.
3215	Def get_comments(self, post_id): Retrieve a list of comments by a given ID using appropriate URL and parameters. Handle exceptions for 404 and 500 status codes, falling back to old URL schema or returning empty data.
3216	Parses user info and update details from a question container in HTML. Returns an object with author and optionally updated_by fields.
3217	Parse answers from HTML question, extracting post ID, votes, acceptance, body, and update info.
3218	Extracts the number of answer pages from an HTML question by parsing the 'data-num-pages' attribute of the 'div.paginator' element. Returns 1 if the element is not found.
3219	Parses HTML container to extract user info, including ID, username, reputation, badges, and optionally website and country. Returns a dictionary with the extracted information.
3220	Fetches reviews for a specified category using a version-specific fetcher.
3221	Merges isolated reviews in a JSON array, converts to list, filters by 'project' key, and returns filtered reviews.
3222	Fetches open and closed reviews from Gerrit 2.8, compares their updated times, yields the newer review, and updates the query parameters when necessary.
3223	Return the Gerrit server version by executing the version command, parsing the output, and storing the result for future calls.
3224	Retrieve reviews starting from the last item using a Gerrit command.
3225	Returns the next item to start from in the next review group based on Gerrit version and input parameters.
3226	Executes gerrit command from archive if from_archive is True, otherwise executes from remote. Returns response.
3227	Execute a Gerrit command against the archive, sanitize the command, retrieve the response, and raise any RuntimeErrors.
3228	Executes a gerrit command with retries if it fails.
3229	Returns a Gerrit argument parser with specific options for user, max reviews, blacklist, and SSH settings, as well as a required hostname.
3230	Fetch data for an issue using its ID.
3231	Fetches and yields attachments for a given issue ID.
3232	Retrieves and yields messages for a given issue ID, enriching each message with owner data.
3233	Fetches issue activities by converting raw data to JSON and enhancing with user data before yielding each activity.
3234	Get user data by user link
3235	Retrieve user data from self._users by user_name; if not found, fetch from URL, cache, and return. Handle 404/410 errors gracefully.
3236	Retrieve issue data by ID
3237	Get a list of items for a given issue from a collection.
3238	Builds URL for a project based on whether a package is present.
3239	Fetches items from a Launchpad API endpoint using pagination. Continues to request subsequent pages until no more data is available. Yields raw API responses.
3240	Fetches paginated subscriptions from Groups.io API, yielding each page of results.
3241	Find the group ID by iterating through subscriptions, returning the ID if the group name matches, otherwise raise an error if the group is not found.
3242	```python
def __fetch(self, url, payload):
    """Fetch requests from groupsio API"""
    response = requests.get(url, params=payload, auth=self.auth, verify=self.verify)
    response.raise_for_status()
    return response
```
3243	Sets up an argument parser for the Groupsio backend, requiring the API token and group name, and optionally allowing mbox path and disabling SSL verification.
3244	Generate a UUID by concatenating non-empty string arguments with a colon separator and computing the SHA1 hash of the resulting string.
3245	fetch items using a given backend class; optionally stores items in an archive, removes archive on exception
3246	Fetches items from an archive manager for a given category and date, using a specified backend class and arguments. Yields archived items archived after the given date.
3247	This function searches for available backends and commands in a specified package and its sub-packages. It returns a tuple containing two dictionaries: one with `Backend` classes and one with `BackendCommand` classes. The function uses `pkgutil.walk_packages` to iterate over the package's modules, filters out packages, and then imports the available backends using `_import_backends`.
3248	```python
def fetch(self, category, filter_classified=False, **kwargs):
    """Fetch items from the repository, optionally filtering classified data.
    
    :param category: the category of the items fetched
    :param filter_classified: remove classified fields from the resulting items
    :param kwargs: additional parameters specific to the backend
    
    :returns: a generator of items
    """
```
3249	Fetch items from an archive, initializing a client and raising an exception if no archive is provided.
3250	Remove classified data from an item by iterating over `CLASSIFIED_FIELDS` and recursively removing matching keys from the item's nested dictionary. If a classified field is not found, ignore it and continue. Return the filtered item.
3251	Parses command-line arguments, converts them to `argparse.Namespace`, and handles date and archive-related validations.
3252	Adds authentication arguments to the parser, with optional support for basic and token authentication.
3253	Add argument group for archive arguments and define options for archive path, no archive, fetch archive, and archived since.
3254	Activate output arguments parsing
3255	This method runs the backend to fetch items from a given origin and writes them to an output file in JSON format. If the `fetch_archive` parameter is provided, it retrieves items using the archive manager. The method handles exceptions and ensures proper JSON formatting.
3256	Initialize archive based on parsed parameters. If 'archive_path' not in parsed_args or no_archive is True, set manager to None. Otherwise, set manager to ArchiveManager with archive_path. Assign manager to self.archive_manager.
3257	Extracts update time from MBox item's 'Date' field and converts it to UNIX timestamp.
3258	This method parses an mbox file, iterating through each email message and converting it into a dictionary. It returns a generator yielding these dictionary messages.
3259	Fetch and parse messages from a mailing list, filtering by date and validating each message. Logs details and skips messages from before the specified date.
3260	Copy contents from a mailbox to a temporary file
3261	Checks if a message has required 'Message-ID' and 'Date' fields and validates the 'Date' field as a datetime.
3262	Converts a CaseInsensitiveDict message to a regular dict, normalizing keys like Message-ID and Date.
3263	Reads a message from a file using a key, decodes it using multiple character encodings, and returns a Message representation.
3264	The method `fetch` retrieves commits from a Git repository or log file based on the provided parameters such as category, date range, branches, and flags for syncing and updating. It returns a generator of commits.
3265	def fetch_items(self, category, **kwargs):
    Fetches items based on category and backend arguments, yields a generator of items.
3266	Reads a Git log file and returns an iterator of parsed commit dictionaries.
3267	Set `gitpath` attribute based on `git_log`, `uri`, or explicitly provided `git_path`.
3268	Returns aconfigured Git argument parser with optional branches, mutually exclusive git path/git log, and required URI.
3269	Parse the Git log stream line by line, using a state-based approach to handle different log states, such as COMMIT. Process each line with appropriate handlers until a commit is parsed, then build and yield the commit. If a commit is left in progress at the end, yield it as well.
3270	Clones a Git repository from a specified URI into a given directory, making a bare copy. Raises `RepositoryError` on failure.
3271	Counts the total number of objects (packed and unpacked) in a Git repository by executing the `git count-objects -v` command and parsing the output. Raises a `RepositoryError` if an error occurs or if the output cannot be parsed correctly. Logs the number of objects in the repository.
3272	Check if the repo is in a detached state by verifying if HEAD is a symbolic reference.
3273	Updates the repository by fetching changes from the remote and overwriting local refs. Raises an error on failure.
3274	Synchronizes repository with 'origin', updates references, and returns hashes of new commits.
3275	It reads commits from a Git repository based on specified branches or all branches. Returns the rev-list in topo-order. Raises errors if the repository is empty or an execution error occurs.
3276	Reads and returns the Git log from the repository based on given date range and branches options, handling the repository state and logging errors.
3277	This method runs the Git show command on a list of commits and yields the output line by line. If no commits are provided, it shows the last commit. It handles empty and erroneous repositories by raising appropriate exceptions.
3278	This method `_fetch_pack` fetches changes from a remote repository, determines the missing refs, and stores them in a pack file within the local repository. It uses Dulwich library to handle the transport and repo operations.
3279	Reads commits from a pack file using 'git verify-pack'. Parses output to extract commit hashes, ordering them from newest to oldest.
3280	Update references by removing old ones and adding new ones, then prune the repository to remove old branches.
3281	Discover local or remote refs using the `git ls-remote` or `git show-ref` commands, handling both empty repos and specific error codes.
3282	```python
def _update_ref(self, ref, delete=False):
    """Update a reference. Delete if delete flag is True, otherwise update."""
```
3283	Run a command with a non-blocking call, executing it in a specified directory and environment, and returning the output as an iterator of encoded bytes. Handles errors and raises RepositoryError if the command fails.
3284	Reads stderr from a subprocess, decodes it, and updates failed_message if the subprocess returns a non-zero exit code. Logs each line of stderr.
3285	Run a command with optional cwd and env, return encoded bytes output. Errors are treated as failed unless specified in ignored_error_codes. Raises RepositoryError on failure.
3286	Fetches tweets from TwitterSearch API, supporting filtering by category, since_id, max_id, geocode, language, and tweet type. Returns a generator of tweets.
3287	def fetch_items(self, category, **kwargs): Fetches tweets based on category and backend arguments, returning a generator. Logs tweet count and date range.
3288	Fetches tweets for a given query, filtering by ID, geocoding, language, and entities, returning a generator of tweets up to a specified number.
3289	Returns the Twitter argument parser with options for max items, including entities, geocode, language, tweets type, rate limiting, and a search query.
3290	Fetch data from Google API for given category. Returns a generator of hits.
3291	Fetches Google hit items for a given category and returns a generator of items.
3292	Parse the Google Search API's raw hit data to extract the number of hits and format a JSON object containing the hit count and other metadata.
3293	Fetches information about a list of keywords by constructing a query string, making a request to Google Search, and returning the response text.
3294	Extracts timestamp from 'updated_at' field or 'fetched_on' if present, then converts to UNIX timestamp.
3295	Extracts the category ('issue', 'pull_request', or 'repo') from a GitHub item using if-elif-else conditions.
3296	Fetches pull requests from a GitHub API within a specified date range, processes specific fields, and yields the modified pull requests.
3297	Fetches repository information including stars, watchers, and forks, adds a timestamp of when the data was fetched, and yields the modified repository信息。
3298	Fetch issue reactions, enrich them with user data, and return the list.
3299	Get reactions on issue comments by iterating through groups of reactions, loading each reaction as JSON, adding user data, and appending to a list. Return the list of reactions.
3300	Converts raw assignee data to a list of user objects.
3301	Get requested reviewers for a pull request. Fetches user data for each reviewer.
3302	Fetches commit hashes from a pull request using the GitHub API and appends them to a list.
3303	Get pull review comment reactions; if total count is 0, return empty list; fetch reactions from client; parse raw reactions, add user data, append to list; return reactions.
3304	def __get_user(self, login):  
    """Get user and org data."""  
    if not login:  
        return {}  
    user_raw = self.client.user(login)  
    user = json.loads(user_raw)  
    user_orgs_raw = self.client.user_orgs(login)  
    user['organizations'] = json.loads(user_orgs_raw)  
    return user
3305	Fetch reactions for an issue.
3306	Fetch issues from a GitHub repository, updated since a given date, returning a generator of issues.
3307	Fetches pull requests from a repository, updated since a given date, and yields the pull requests as a generator.
3308	Get repository data by fetching the URL and returning the text response.
3309	Fetches requested reviewers for a specified pull request.
3310	Get pull request commits using PR number and fetch items.
3311	Fetch reactions for a review comment
3312	Get user info, cache if not present
3313	Fetches a user's public organizations from GitHub API, caches the result, and handles errors gracefully.
3314	Fetches and returns the remaining API rate limit for a given token.
3315	Fetches remaining API points for each token. Temporarily disables archiving to avoid key conflicts, then restores it. Logs the remaining points.
3316	Choose the best API token with the most remaining points, update the session headers, and update rate limit data. If no tokens, do nothing.
3317	Check if switching GitHub API tokens is needed based on remaining tokens and rate limits, switching conditions include approaching minimum rate limit, using a predefined factor of remaining tokens, or no change in rate limit.
3318	Fetches the current rate limit data from the API, updates the local rate limit with the fetched data, and handles 404 errors gracefully.
3319	This method initializes metadata for an archive by storing information about the origin, backend, version, category, and parameters used in fetching data.
3320	Stores raw item in archive, generates unique identifier, picksles data, inserts into database, handles errors, and logs.
3321	Retrieve raw archived data by hashcode derived from given parameters, using sqlite3.
3322	Create a new archive at a specified path. Raises ArchiveError if the archive already exists. Initializes the storage file and metadata table. Logs the creation of the archive.
3323	Generate a SHA1 hash code based on a URI, payload, and headers by concatenating them in a specific format and then encoding the result.
3324	Verifies archive validity by checking table rows and raises error if metadata is corrupted or empty. Logs archive integrity status.
3325	Load metadata from the archive file.
3326	Fetch the number of rows in a table using a cursor. Execute a SELECT COUNT(*) statement. Return the count of rows. Handle database errors and close the cursor.
3327	Create a new archive with a randomly generated SHA1 name. The first two characters of the hashcode determine the subdirectory, and the remaining characters along with the storage extension form the archive name. The method returns a new Archive object and raises an ArchiveManagerError if an error occurs during the creation process.
3328	def remove_archive(self, archive_path): Attempts to delete the archive at the specified path. Raises an ArchiveManagerError if an error occurs during the deletion process.
3329	Search for archived data based on origin, backend, category, and creation date. Returns a sorted list of file paths for archives that match the criteria.
3330	Search archives by applying filters for origin, backend_name, category, and archived_after. Yield matching archive paths and creation dates.
3331	Generate file paths recursively under the base directory using os.walk and yield each path.
3332	function checks a file's type using magic numbers; returns 'gz', 'bz2', or None
3333	Generator function that yields month ranges between two dates.
3334	Converts an email message into a dictionary with headers and body as key:value pairs. Handles multipart messages and decodes payloads. Raises ParseError on decoding errors.
3335	Replace invalid XML characters with spaces in the given XML stream.
3336	```xml_to_dict converts XML stream into a dictionary. It handles attributes, child nodes, and text data. Child nodes are stored in lists. The function uses purge_invalid_xml_chars, parses the XML, and recursively converts nodes to dicts. It raises a ParseError on failure.```
3337	```python
def parse_issues(raw_json):
    """Parse a Redmine issues JSON stream and yield each issue as a dictionary.

    :param raw_json: JSON string to parse
    :returns: generator of parsed issues
    """
```
3338	Retrieves issue information from Redmine, filtered by update date, with optional offset and limit.
3339	Get issue information by ID, fetching attachments, changesets, children, journals, relations, and watchers.
3340	Fetch user information by ID.
3341	Fetch a resource from the API using a given URL and parameters, optionally including an API token in the payload. Log the request details before returning the response text.
3342	Fetch data from Docker Hub repository. Returns a generator of data.
3343	Fetches Docker Hub items from a specified repository and yields the data. Logs the fetch process start and completion.
3344	Fetches repository information from DockerHub using the provided owner and repository name.
3345	Map custom field values to issue fields, adding extra information where keys match.
3346	filter custom fields from set, return filtered object
3347	The `parse_issues` method parses a JIRA API raw response and yields the issues found in the response.
3348	```plaintext
Fetches items starting from a given date, handling pagination by repeatedly requesting data until all items are retrieved. Yields the items in chunks.
```
3349	Retrieve issues updated since a given date using a specified URL.
3350	Retrieve issue comments by ID
3351	Retrieve all available fields by fetching from a specified URL.
3352	Fetch builds from a Jenkins URL, returning a generator of updated items since a given date.
3353	Retrieve all jobs by fetching the JSON data from the Jenkins API endpoint.
3354	Retrieve all builds from a job, filter blacklisted jobs, and return response text.
3355	def parse_questions(raw_page):
        Parse a StackExchange API raw response to retrieve questions.
        :returns: a generator of questions
3356	Retrieves and yields all questions updated since a given date, handling paginated responses and logging API usage status.
3357	Returns argument parser for StackExchange commands, including categories, authentication, and site-specific options.
3358	Fetches pages by category using specified backend arguments. Determines fetcher based on MediaWiki version and availability of reviews API. Yields page reviews.
3359	Extracts the maximum timestamp from a list of reviews in UNIX time format.
3360	Fetches wiki pages from a MediaWiki url for versions >=1.27. Retrieves pages, filters duplicates, yields reviews for each page, and logs progress.
3361	Retrieves all pages from a specified namespace, optionally continuing from a previous point.
3362	Retrieve recent pages from specified namespaces.
3363	```
fetch retrieves messages from the Telegram server with an optional offset and chat filter. Returns a generator of messages. Raises ValueError if chats list is empty.
```
3364	Convert JSON string to Python object, extract list of messages, and yield each message
3365	Check if a message was sent to a chat in a given list of chat identifiers. Returns `True` if the chat is in the list or if the list is `None`, otherwise returns `False`.
3366	Fetch messages from the server with an optional offset. If offset is provided, retrieves messages greater than or equal to that offset and removes all previous messages from the server. Returns the response.
3367	Fetch articles from a specified category with optional backend arguments. Yield a generator of parsed articles, handling errors and logging details.
3368	Method to add extra NNTP metadata to an item, overriding a base class method. Adds an 'offset' field from the item data.
3369	Parses a NNTP article from a string and returns a dictionary representation, converting the message to lowercase keys and raising ParseError on UnicodeEncodeError.
3370	Fetches NNTP data from the server or archive based on the `from_archive` flag, using `_fetch_from_archive` or `_fetch_from_remote` accordingly.
3371	Fetches article data by ID, extracting specific fields.
3372	Fetch data from NNTP based on the specified method and arguments, handle exceptions, and archive the data.
3373	Retrieve data from an archive using a specified method and arguments, handling potential temporary errors.
3374	Set up an HTTP session with retry logic using the requests library.
3375	Setup the rate limit handler with options to sleep, minimum rate to sleep, and rate limit headers, ensuring the minimum rate doesn't exceed the maximum limit.
3376	Checks if rate limit is exceeded and sleeps accordingly or raises an exception.
3377	Update the rate limit and reset time from response headers. If headers contain rate limit, set it and log. If headers contain reset time, set it and log time to reset. If not found, set attributes to None.
3378	Parse a Supybot IRC log file and yield an iterator of parsed messages. Raise errors for invalid formats or file reading issues.
3379	Retrieve Supybot archives after a specified date
3380	List filepaths of archives in a directory using os.walk
3381	Parse an IRC stream and yield dictionaries with log entry information.
3382	Parse timestamp and message from line.
3383	```
Parse Supybot messages by matching patterns and returning tokens or raising ParseError.
```
3384	Fetch items from a category based on a given date, yielding each topic. Logs the process and the number of topics fetched.
3385	Parses a topics page JSON stream, extracts topic IDs, last update dates, and pinned status, filtering out topics with null last post dates, and returns a generator of these details.
3386	Retrieves a topic by `topic_id` using an API key.
3387	Retrieve the post with a given `post_id` using an API key.
3388	Fetch and yield items based on category and backend arguments, logging the process and the number of tasks fetched.
3389	Converts JSON string to generator of parsed tasks
3390	Parse a JSON string containing Phabricator users data and return a generator yielding each user as a dictionary.
3391	Retrieve tasks updated after a given date, convert date to epoch time, use cursor for pagination.
3392	def transactions(self, *phids):
    """Fetch tasks transactions by identifiers."""
    params = {self.PIDS: phids}
    response = self._call(self.MANIPHEST_TRANSACTIONS, params)
    return response
3393	```python
def users(self, *phids):
    """Retrieve users by phids."""
    params = {self.PHIDS: phids}
    response = self._call(self.PHAB_USERS, params)
    return response
```
3394	Retrieve data about PHIDs using a list of PHIDs as parameters.
3395	Call a method using the Conduit API, handling errors and returning the result.
3396	Extracts an identifier from a Confluence item by combining its 'id' and 'version' number in the format <content>#v<version>.
3397	Parses a JSON string containing Confluence summary data and yields each content summary as a dictionary.
3398	Get repository contents with pagination, filtering by date and offset.
3399	Gets a historical snapshot of content by ID and version
3400	Parse result property to extract value and unit of measure, convert value to float, and create a Measurement object. If parsing fails, raise ValueError.
3401	Constructs a capabilities URL by ensuring the service URL contains 'service', 'request', and 'version' parameters. If not present, appends them with default values.
3402	Fetch a WFS capabilities document from a URL, parse it, and return an instance of WFSCapabilitiesInfoset.
3403	Parse an XML WFS capabilities document into an instance of WFSCapabilitiesInfoset, ensuring the input is a string or bytes.
3404	If self.result is not None, find the MeasurementTimeseries element within it and create a new MeasurementTimeseries object.
3405	Builds a WFS 3.0 URL by joining the base URL with an optional path and appending a query string if present.
3406	Find all elements with the specified complex type in the XML root.
3407	### Constructs a Fiona schema from XML elements, mapping GML geometries to Fiona types and attributes to property types.
3408	Constructs a URL for a WFS DescribeFeatureType request by parsing existing query parameters, adding missing ones, and reassembling the URL.
3409	use ComplexDataInput with a reference to a document, execute a web processing service, and monitor the execution
3410	Gets movie genres with optional language filter. Returns API response as a dict.
3411	Get TV genre list. Optional language parameter. Returns API response as dict.
3412	Get movies for a particular genre by ID, filtering by page, language, and vote thresholds. Returns a JSON dict from the API.
3413	Get movie info by ID with optional language and append_to_response. Returns API response as dict.
3414	Get alternative titles for a movie by ID, optionally filtering by country and appending additional movie data. Returns a dict of the API response.
3415	Get movie credits by ID. Optional args: append_to_response. Returns dict of API response.
3416	This method retrieves external IDs for a movie using its ID. It optionally accepts language and append_to_response parameters, processes the API response, and returns it as a dictionary.
3417	Get movie keywords by ID and return as dict.
3418	def recommendations(self, **kwargs):
    """
    Fetch movie recommendations.

    Args:
        language: (optional) ISO 639-1 code.
        page: (optional) Minimum value of 1. Expected integer.

    Returns:
        Dict of API response.
    """
3419	Gets movie release dates and certification by ID, optionally appending额外 movie methods. Returns API response as dict.
3420	Retrieve release date and certification info by country for a movie ID, optionally appending other movie data. Returns a dict of API response.
3421	Get movie translations by ID, optional appends, return JSON response.
3422	Get similar movies for a movie ID with optional parameters for page, language, and append_to_response. Returns a dict of the API response.
3423	Fetches movie reviews by ID with optional parameters for page, language, and additional response data. Returns a JSON dict of the review data.
3424	Get movie changes by date range, ordered by date in descending order. Defaults to last 24 hours, max 14 days. Returns JSON response.
3425	Retrieves a list of upcoming movies, refreshed daily, with a maximum of 100 items. Accepts optional parameters for page number and language. Returns a dictionary representing the API response.
3426	Fetches movies playing in theatres with optional filtering by page and language, returns a JSON response.
3427	Get list of popular movies on The Movie Database, refreshes daily, with optional page and language parameters. Returns JSON response as dict.
3428	Get top rated movies, default minimum votes: 10, refresh daily; optionally filter by page and language; return JSON response.
3429	This method retrieves the status of a movie ,such as ratings and list statuses , requiring a session ID. It returns a dictionary representing the API response.
3430	This method allows users to rate a movie by providing a session ID or guest session ID and a rating value. It returns a dictionary representing the JSON response from the API.
3431	Downloads movie credits for a given person ID, optionally specifying language and additional data to include. Returns the response as a dictionary.
3432	Get TV credits for a person ID, optionally specifying language and append_to_response fields. Returns a dictionary of the response data.
3433	Get detailed credit information for a TV show, supporting the new credit model. Returns a dictionary of JSON data.
3434	The `tv` method helps discover TV shows using various filters such as average rating, number of votes, genres, network, and air dates. It handles optional parameters like `page`, `language`, `sort_by`, `first_air_year`, `vote_count.gte`, `vote_average.gte`, `with_genres`, `with_networks`, `first_air_date.gte`, and `first_air_date.lte`. It modifies keyword arguments to match the expected format by replacing '_lte' and '_gte' with '.lte' and '.gte', respectively. Finally, it sends a GET request to the API, updates attributes based on the response, and returns the response as a dictionary.
3435	Retrieves system-wide configuration info from the API and returns it as a dict.
3436	Get a list of supported movie certifications and return the JSON response as a dictionary.
3437	Fetch account info; update session_id; set attributes; return response dict.
3438	Retrieve movies from an account's watchlist with optional pagination, sorting, and language filtering. Returns a JSON response as a dictionary.
3439	Generate a request token for user authentication, either by redirecting the user or validating with login. Returns a response dict.
3440	Authenticate user with TMDb username and password. Requires verified email and registration. Returns JSON response from API.
3441	Generate a session id for authentication, requiring a pre-approved request token. Returns a JSON response as a dict.
3442	Generate a guest session ID and return a dictionary representing the API response.
3443	def rated_movies(self, **kwargs):
    """
    Fetches rated movies for a guest session.

    Args:
        page: Optional, min 1, max 1000.
        sort_by: Optional, 'created_at.asc' or 'created_at.desc'.
        language: Optional, ISO 639-1 code.

    Returns:
        JSON response as a dictionary.
    """
    path = self._get_guest_session_id_path('rated_movies')
    response = self._GET(path, kwargs)
    self._set_attrs_to_values(response)
    return response
3444	Check if a movie ID is in a list. Returns a JSON response.
3445	Create a new list by sending a POST request with the provided name, description, and optional language. The session ID is required. Returns the JSON response from the API.
3446	Deletes a movie from a user's list with a valid session ID. Takes media_id as an argument. Returns a response dict.
3447	Clears items in a list with a session ID, requires confirmation, and returns JSON response.
3448	Gets content ratings for a TV Series with optional language and append_to_response parameters. Returns API response as a dict.
3449	Get similar TV series for a specific TV series id, optionally providing page, language, and append_to_response parameters, and return a dict representation of the JSON response.
3450	Get list of TV shows airing next 7 days; optional args: page, language; returns JSON dict.
3451	Get TV season info by season number, optionally specifying language and response details. Returns JSON response as dict.
3452	Get TV season credits by season number, return API response as dict.
3453	Get external IDs for a TV season by season number. Optionally filters by language. Returns a dictionary of JSON data from the API.
3454	Get TV episode info by season and episode number, optionally specifying language and appending series methods. Returns API response as dict.
3455	Get TV episode credits using season and episode number. Returns API response as a dict.
3456	Retrieves external IDs for a TV episode by combining season and episode number, optionally specifying a language. Returns a dictionary representing the JSON response.
3457	Sets object attributes from dictionary values if the attribute doesn't already exist or is callable.
3458	Searches for movies by title using CGI-escaped query parameters, with options for pagination, language, adult content inclusion, release year filtering, and search type. Returns a dictionary representation of the JSON response.
3459	Search for collections by name using a CGI escaped string and optionally a page number and language. Returns a dictionary representation of the JSON response from the API.
3460	Search for TV shows by title with optional parameters. Returns a dict representation of the API response.
3461	Searches for people by name using a CGI escaped string query. Accepts optional parameters for page number, adult inclusion, and search type. Returns a dictionary of the API response.
3462	The `company` method is used to search for companies by name. It accepts a `query` argument for the search and an optional `page` argument for pagination. The method returns a dictionary representation of the JSON response from the API.
3463	Searches for keywords by name, handling optional page parameter. Returns API response as a dictionary.
3464	Search for movies, TV shows, and persons using a single query. Accepts various optional parameters like page, language, and include_adult. Returns a dictionary representation of the API response.
3465	Normalize and tokenize text, applying language-independent and -dependent rules, and handling case preservation.
3466	Function cook_refs takes a list of reference sentences and an integer n as input. It normalizes the sentences, counts n-grams, and returns a tuple containing the lengths of the references and the maximum counts of each n-gram.
3467	Takes a reference sentence, normalizes it, counts n-grams, and returns a tuple of the length, n-gram counts, and a frozenset of n-gram counts.
3468	def erfcc(x):
    """Calculates the complementary error function for a given value x."""
    z = abs(x)
    t = 1 / (1 + 0.5 * z)
    r = t * math.exp(...)  # Complex expression involving z and t
    if x >= 0:
        return r
    else:
        return 2 - r
3469	Aligns sentences across blocks in source and target texts, returning a list of alignment lists.
3470	Retrieves descriptors from a module, optionally searching recursively through submodules.
3471	Register descriptors from JSON objects, converting them to Descriptor instances and registering them. Handles both single and list inputs.
3472	Registers descriptors with an optional version and option to ignore 3D descriptors.
3473	```output
Outputs a message with optional file and end parameters, using a progress bar if available, or standard print otherwise.
```
3474	Check if a class is a descriptor class, optionally excluding abstract classes.
3475	Converts to JSON-serializable dictionary.
3476	def coord(self):
    """Get 3D coordinate matrix.

    Returns:
        numpy.array[3, N]: coordinate matrix
    """
    if not self.require_3D:
        raise AttributeError("use 3D coordinate in 2D descriptor")
    return self._context.get_coord(self)
3477	Calculate atomic surface area by considering neighbors and adjusting the surface area based on overlapping spheres.
3478	Calculate atomic surface areas for all atoms.
3479	Construct SurfaceArea from rdkit Mol type. Convert atoms to numpy for radii and positions, then initialize with solvent radius, conformer position, and mesh level.
3480	Creates a Descriptor instance from a JSON dictionary using cached descriptor classes.
3481	Replace missing values in a dataset with a specified value.
3482	Filters out values with missing data and returns a new instance with the remaining values and descriptions.
3483	Return key-value pairs as an iterable of Descriptor and value tuples.
3484	Converts Result to dict with option to use Descriptor instance as key or string as key.
3485	Access descriptor value by name or instance. If `_name_to_value` is `None`, create a dictionary mapping descriptor names to their values. Return `GetValueByName` with the dictionary.
3486	Decorator logs function calls with arguments and return values.
3487	Decorator to synchronize a function using a threading lock.
3488	Show a progress message on stderr, clearing previous message if any.
3489	Clear progress, format message with arguments, print to stdout.
3490	Function to handle runtime failures gracefully. Displays a concise error message and optionally the exception information and stack trace. Cleans up temporary files and terminates the program with the specified status code or raises a RuntimeError in non-main contexts.
3491	Generates a unique temporary filename for atomic downloads by appending a random string to the target filename.
3492	Rename or delete a temporary file atomically, and remove it from the TEMP_FILES list if applicable.
3493	Clean up temporary files by removing each file in the TEMP_FILES list if it exists.
3494	Split the path by PATH_SEP, collect parts without wildcard characters ('*','?'), and join them back with PATH_SEP.
3495	Returns list of legal parameters for a given API using boto3.
3496	Merge existing parameters with command-line options, carefully merging dictionaries if needed.
3497	Add API parameters as options to the parser.
3498	Terminates all threads by deleting the queue and forcing child threads to quit. Optionally accepts exception information. Handles empty queue without error.
3499	Adds a task to the task queue with a given function name and arguments.
3500	Waits for all tasks and workers to complete. Forces threads to break loops by adding None tasks and waits for threads to terminate, setting their s3 attribute to None.
3501	Increase task counter, update progress message.
3502	Retrieve S3 access keys from environment variables or return None if keys are not present.
3503	Retrieve S3 access keys from command line arguments; return tuple if both keys are present, otherwise return None.
3504	This method retrieves S3 access and secret keys from an s3cmd config file specified by the `opt.s3cfg` option or from the default `.s3cfg` file in the user's home directory. If the file exists, it parses the keys and returns them; otherwise, it returns None and logs an error.
3505	Initialize S3 access keys by checking command line options, environment variables, and s3cfg config file in sequence.
3506	Try connecting to S3 using provided keys; if keys are not available, attempt a default connection. If connection fails, raise a RetryFailure exception.
3507	Lists all S3 buckets, returning their names, fixed directory status, zero size, and creation dates.
3508	Walks through a S3 directory, handles wildcards, normalizes trailing slashes, uses a thread pool for parallel processing, detects directories, and sorts results by directory status and name.
3509	Walks through directories starting from a given root, appending file paths to a list and returning it.
3510	This method expands wildcards for an S3 path, similar to shell expansion for local paths. It handles both single and multiple paths, temporarily disabling recursive traversal and restoring the original setting afterward. If no results are found and empty source is not ignored, it raises a runtime failure.
3511	Uploads a single file or processes a directory by adding tasks into a queue, handling recursive uploads if enabled.
3512	Upload files to S3, handle multiple files, support recursive mode.
3513	Creates an S3 bucket using the provided source URL. Checks for a dry run option and creates the bucket if not in dry run mode. Raises an error if the bucket creation fails.
3514	Get privileges from obj's metadata, convert to octal, and apply to target file.
3515	The `print_files` method takes a source parameter, expands it to multiple sources using `self.source_expand`, and then iterates over each source. For each source, it constructs an S3 URL, retrieves the object from S3 using the provided bucket and key, and prints the object's body content.
3516	Add a file download task to a queue. If the source is a directory, download files recursively if opt.recursive is True, otherwise skip the directory. If the source is a file, download it directly.
3517	Download files from source S3 URL to target directory. Handles wildcards, recursive mode, and maintains directory structure. Uses thread pool for parallel downloading.
3518	Copy a single file or directory by adding a task to a queue
3519	Copy files from source to target using ThreadPool. Handles wildcards and recursive copying. Deletes source files if specified.
3520	Deletes files on S3 by walking through the source, filtering out directories, and then deleting the remaining files in parallel using a thread pool.
3521	def relative_dir_walk(self, dir):
    Walks a directory, returning a list of file paths relative to the base directory. Handles both local and S3 URLs.
3522	Syncs files from a source directory to a target directory, handling S3 URLs and deleting removed files if specified.
3523	def file_hash(filename, block_size=1048576):
    '''Calculate MD5 hash code for a local file'''
    m = hashlib.md5()
    with open(filename, 'rb') as f:
        while True:
            data = f.read(block_size)
            if not data:
                break
            m.update(data)
    return m.hexdigest()
3524	Calculate and return the MD5 value of the local file, caching the result if not already calculated.
3525	Ensure directories exist for a target file, creating them if necessary and handling errors if they cannot be created.
3526	Check if the local file's MD5 hash matches any of the MD5 hashes in the remote file metadata. Return True if there is a match, otherwise False.
3527	Partially match a path and filter_path with wildcards. Return True if the path partially matches the filter path, considering wildcards and recursive mode.
3528	The `s3walk` method is a recursive function that walks through an S3 bucket, listing objects and subdirectories that match a given filter path. It uses pagination to handle large datasets and checks if objects are directories or files based on the filter path. If objects are directories and the method is set to recursive, it continues walking into those directories. If the objects are files or directories that match the filter path, it adds them to the result list.
3529	Check if an object meets specific conditions based on last modified date. If it does, append it to the result list.
3530	Get file privileges of a local file, returning the last three characters of the octal representation of the file's mode. If an exception occurs, raise a Failure with the error message.
3531	Try to get an S3 object using the provided S3 URL. If the object does not exist, return None. If there is a different error, raise it.
3532	Reads a chunk of data from a local file starting at a specified position and returns it as a StringIO object. If chunk size is 0, returns an empty StringIO object. Raises a Failure exception if data cannot be read.
3533	Uploads a file to an S3 bucket, either as a single part or as multiple parts based on file size. Handles initialization, multipart upload setup, part uploading, and finalization/abortion of uploads.
3534	Verify file size of downloaded file against ContentLength, raise RetryFailure if inconsistent.
3535	Open file, seek to position, write chunk, close file
3536	Copy a single file from source to target using boto S3 library, supporting multipart copy for large files and optional dry run.
3537	Main entry to handle commands. Dispatch to individual command handler. Raises InvalidArgument if no command provided or if command is unknown.
3538	def validate(self, format, args):
    Validate input parameters against a given format. Raises an exception if the number of arguments or any argument does not match the expected format. Handles wildcards for recursive mode.
3539	pretty_print(self, objlist): pretty-prints the result of s3walk. Calculates the maximum width of each column and aligns them.
3540	Handles the 'ls' command, listing buckets or walking through S3 content based on arguments.
3541	Handler for mb command checks for a single argument (s3 bucket name) and raises an error if not provided. It then validates the command and creates the S3 bucket using the provided name.
3542	Handler checks for minimum arguments, validates input, splits args into source and target, and calls an S3 handler method to put files.
3543	Handles the "get" command by validating the arguments, transforming them if necessary, and then retrieving files from the specified source to the target using the S3 handler.
3544	def cat_handler(self, args):
    '''Handles the cat command'''
    self.validate('cmd|s3', args)
    source = args[1]
    s3_handler_instance = self.s3handler()
    s3_handler_instance.print_files(source)
3545	def dsync_handler(self, args):
    '''Handles dsync command with recursive, sync_check, and force options.'''
    self.set_options(recursive=True, sync_check=True, force=True)
    source, target = args[1:3]
    self.s3handler().dsync_files(source, target)
3546	Handles cp command by validating args, extracting source and target, and copying files using s3handler.
3547	Handles the 'mv' command by validating arguments, extracting source and target, and copying files from source to target while deleting the source.
3548	method handles 'del' command, validates args, retrieves source, and deletes files using s3handler().
3549	Handler for size command. Iterates through file sizes and sources, printing each size followed by its source.
3550	Calculates the total size of files specified by the user by summing up their individual sizes retrieved from an S3 handler and sends the total size as a message.
3551	Searches a string for date info and extracts it as a datetime object while removing the date from the original string.
3552	This method searches for time information in a given string and returns the extracted time as a `datetime.time` object along with the modified string. If no time information is found, it returns the current UTC time and the original string.
3553	Searches for timedelta information in a string using a regular expression. If found, it extracts the number and unit, adjusts for "ago" or "before", and returns the corresponding `datetime.timedelta` object along with the updated string.
3554	Try to parse the input value as a JSON dictionary. If successful, return the parsed dictionary. If not, raise an OptionValueError with a message including the option name and the invalid value.
3555	Discover gateways using multicast.
3556	Start listening by creating a multicast socket, setting a new thread for message listening, and appending the thread to a list.
3557	Sends a read command to a gateway, receives a response, logs it, and pushes the data if the protocol version is 1.
3558	Validate data, convert it to JSON if protocol version is 1, otherwise to a map, and then call all associated callbacks with the data. Returns True on success, False otherwise.
3559	Generate a key using a token and AES encryption with CBC mode.
3560	exception_handler(job, *exc_info): reports job and exception data using Rollbar
3561	Monkeypatches pyramid's bevpeer request handler to provide additional context information.
3562	Ensure a default log handler is set up if none exists.
3563	Retrieve the current request object by iterating through framework-specific functions and returning the first non-None request found. If none are found, return None.
3564	Initializes and configures Rollbar with the provided parameters, setting up settings, transforms, and logging as specified.
3565	Decorator for AWS Lambda functions to simplify error handling, storing context and retrying on exceptions.
3566	Report an arbitrary string message to Rollbar with optional parameters for message level, request context, extra data, and payload data. Errors during reporting are logged.
3567	Searches for items in a project based on title and optional filters, returning specified fields.
3568	Creates a log file for the rollbar-agent with a specific format and level.
3569	def _build_person_data(request):  
    Extract user data from request object, prioritizing 'rollbar_person', then 'user', and finally 'user_id'.  
    Return a dictionary with 'id', 'username', and 'email' if available.
3570	Attempts to add information from the lambda context to the given data if it exists, merges it with existing 'custom' data if present.
3571	Adds request data to `data` if successfully built; filters IP if enabled.
3572	Returns True if the given frame is the last frame or if the frame's filename starts with the project's root directory (if specified in SETTINGS).
3573	def _build_request_data(request):
    """Constructs and returns a dictionary of request data based on the request object's type."""

    if isinstance(request, WebobBaseRequest):
        return _build_webob_request_data(request)
    if isinstance(request, DjangoHttpRequest) or isinstance(request, RestFrameworkRequest):
        return _build_django_request_data(request)
    if isinstance(request, WerkzeugRequest):
        return _build_werkzeug_request_data(request)
    if isinstance(request, TornadoRequest):
        return _build_tornado_request_data(request)
    if isinstance(request, BottleRequest):
        return _build_bottle_request_data(request)
    if isinstance(request, SanicRequest):
        return _build_sanic_request_data(request)
    if isinstance(request, FalconRequest):
        return _build_falcon_request_data(request)
    if isinstance(request, dict) and 'wsgi.version' in request:
        return _build_wsgi_request_data(request)

    return None
3574	def _build_server_data():
    """
    Collects and returns server environment data as a dictionary, including hostname, PID, and optionally argv and configuration settings.
    """
3575	Takes input data, transforms each item using `_transform`, constructs a payload dict with an access token and the transformed data, then returns the payload as a string.
3576	Initializes Rollbar with an access token and test environment. Sets up a TCP server factory for an Echo protocol on port 8000 and starts the reactor to run the server.
3577	The `compose` function constructs a Hangul character by combining a chosung, joongsung, and optionally a jongsung. It uses predefined lists of Hangul components to find indices and calculates the Unicode code point for the resulting Hangul letter.
3578	The function `decompose` takes a Hangul letter as input and returns its decomposed components: initial (CHO), medial (JOONG), and final (JONG) consonants. It raises exceptions for invalid inputs. The decomposition is handled by converting the Hangul letter to its code using `hangul_index`, then mapping that code to the appropriate CHO, JOONG, and JONG consonants. If the decomposition fails, it prints the code and character representations and raises an exception.
3579	Checks if a Hangul letter has Jongsung (syllable-final consonant). Raises exceptions if input is not a single Hangul letter.
3580	### Attach Josa to Word
Appends a syllable to the end of a hangul word based on its final consonant.
3581	Def checks if a node is within an except handler's name. Traverses upward until finding an ExceptHandler parent or root. Returns true if node is exactly the except handler's name.
3582	def is_inside_lambda(node): Checks if node is inside a lambda expression.
3583	Recursively yields all elements from nested tuples and lists.
3584	Checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable. Returns (True, args for W0623) if assignment clobbers an existing variable, (False, None) otherwise.
3585	def is_super(node): return True if node references "super" builtin function and is in the builtins scope else False
3586	function determines if a node only raises an exception
3587	Returns True if the given `Name` node is used in the value of a function or lambda's default argument.
3588	Checks if a given node is used within a function decorator by traversing its parent nodes until it finds a Decorators node or reaches a statement or specific scope nodes.
3589	Checks if `frame` (an astroid.Class node) has `node` in its(base class) subtree.
3590	returns the nearest parent node that is not an AssignName, Tuple or List, or None if no such parent exists
3591	Decorator for methods to store messages they handle
3592	def collect_string_fields(format_string) -> Iterable[Optional[str]]:
    Parses a format string and yields all valid format fields, handling nested fields. Raises IncompleteFormatString if the format is invalid with a specific error.
3593	Func summary: Extracts argument from function call by position or keyword. Raises errors if arguments are not found or both are None.
3594	Check if a class node is a subclass of exceptions.Exception.
3595	Checks if an exception handler catches a specified error type.
3596	Determines if a function is decorated with a property. Returns True if the function has a decorator that is a property, False otherwise.
3597	Determines if a function has a decorator with a specified qualified name.
3598	Find the nearest ExceptHandler or TryExcept node in the AST starting from the given node.
3599	Check if a given node is from a fallback import block by verifying if the node is within a try-except block and if that block contains any import statements or if it ignores an ImportError.
3600	Find the closest try-except wrapper node; if it exists, filter and return handlers that catch the specified exception. If not, return None.
3601	Check if a node is in a TryExcept block that handles a specified exception or bare excepts if no exception is specified.
3602	Determines if a class node is abstract by checking if it contains abstract methods.
3603	Attempts to infer the value of a given node. Returns the inferred value if unique, otherwise returns None due to ambiguity or failure.
3604	def node_type(node: astroid.node_classes.NodeNG) -> Optional[type]:
    """Return the inferred type of `node` if unique and not Uninferable or None"""
    types = set()
    for var_type in node.infer():
        if var_type == astroid.Uninferable or is_none(var_type):
            continue
        types.add(var_type)
        if len(types) > 1:
            return None
    return types.pop() if types else None
3605	Checks if a given function node is a singledispatch function by looking for decorators that call "register."
3606	Check if the postponed evaluation of annotations is enabled by verifying if an `ImportFrom` statement from the `__future__` module exists for the `annotations` name in the module's locals.
3607	Split module name into subparts and return list
3608	Get absolute module name from import node if relative import, otherwise return initial module name unchanged.
3609	Converts a nested dictionary of module imports into a formatted tree string.
3610	generate a dependencies graph and add info to report section
3611	The `visit_import` method processes an import statement, checking for reimports, renaming, and multiple imports. It also verifies deprecated and preferred modules, records imports, and handles relative imports.
3612	The `visit_importfrom` method processes `from` statements in Python code, checking for various import-related issues such as renaming, misplaced futures, deprecated modules, preferred modules, and more. It also records the imports and handles nested and relative imports accordingly.
3613	Check `node` import or importfrom node position; send msg if `node` before another instruction.
3614	Records the package name imported by a given node, handling both Import and ImportFrom nodes. Adjusts names for relative imports.
3615	Checks and organizes imports in a module into categories: standard, third party, and local, ensuring they follow the specified order.
3616	check relative import: if not enabled, return None; if built-in module, return False; if importing itself, return False; if absolute import or level specified, return False; if imported name mismatch, add message and return None; otherwise, return None
3617	Notifies an imported module, updates import dependencies, and records package relationships.
3618	Check if the given module path is deprecated and add a message if it is.
3619	check if a module has a preferred replacement and set a message if it does
3620	This method generates a verbatim layout for displaying external dependencies. It retrieves dependency information, creates a string representation of the dependency tree, and appends it to a section.
3621	Builds a graph of dependencies, including or excluding internal dependencies based on input flag.
3622	Reads config file from HOME directory and returns a list of options, ignoring errors if the file is not found.
3623	reverse default options and insert at the beginning of sys.argv
3624	def show_attr(self, node):
    """Determine if node should be treated based on its visibility and the current mode."""
    visibility = get_visibility(node.name if hasattr(node, "name") else node)
    return not (self.__mode & VIS_MOD[visibility])
3625	caches callbacks for visited nodes by class type, looking up and storing in handler methods if not already cached
3626	def visit(self, node):
    """Launch the visit starting from the given node. If not visited, call pre-visit callback, then visit child nodes if present, and finally call post-visit callback if present."""
3627	Check each message's msgid for consistency in the checker part (first two characters). Raise InvalidMessageError if any inconsistency is found.
3628	Visits a Call node and performs various checks based on the inferred function or class, including handling open file modes, redundant assertions in unittests, bad thread instantiation, preexec_fn in subprocess.Popen, shallow copy environment variables, environment function checks, and deprecated method usage.
3629	Check if a datetime was inferred and emit a warning if true
3630	Check mode argument validity in open or file call.
3631	Manage message by adding it to a list with relevant attributes
3632	Prints the messages in JSON format with indentation to the specified output.
3633	Get object title, prepend module name if applicable.
3634	Set default options for ancestors and associated items using the `_default` dictionary, then adjust levels based on configuration settings.
3635	if config.show_builtin True else node.root().name != BUILTINS_NAME
3636	def add_class(self, node): Visit a class node, link it, and add to the class diagram.
3637	return ancestor nodes of a class node that are at the specified level and meet the condition of show_node() method
3638	def get_associated(self, klass_node, level):
    if level == 0: return
    for node in klass_node.instance_attrs_type.values() + klass_node.locals_type.values():
        if isinstance(node, astroid.Instance): node = node._proxied
        if not (isinstance(node, astroid.ClassDef) and self.show_node(node)): continue
        yield node
3639	Extracts classes recursively from a given node, considering ancestors and associations up to specified levels.
3640	Remove a node from the project and return the generated diagram definition.
3641	def visit_importfrom(self, node): add a from-dependency to node's modname in the package diagram
3642	Generate a class diagram for a given class and its related classes in a project.
3643	Fetches and generates class diagrams from a project, processes relationships, and returns the list of diagrams.
3644	def _is_owner_ignored(owner, name, ignored_classes, ignored_modules):
    """Check if the given owner should be ignored

    This method determines if the owner's module or qualification is in the list of ignored items,
    or if the owner's name or qualification matches any item in the list of ignored classes.
    """
    ignored_modules = set(ignored_modules)
    module_name = owner.root().name
    module_qname = owner.root().qname()
    if any(
        module_name in ignored_modules
        or module_qname in ignored_modules
        or fnmatch.fnmatch(module_qname, ignore)
        for ignore in ignored_modules
    ):
        return True

    ignored_classes = set(ignored_classes)
    if hasattr(owner, "qname"):
        qname = owner.qname()
    else:
        qname = ""
    return any(ignore in (name, qname) for ignore in ignored_classes)
3645	Given an owner and a name, find similar names within a specified distance threshold and return up to a maximum number of choices.
3646	```python
def _emit_no_member(node, owner, owner_name, ignored_mixins=True, ignored_none=True):
    # Determine if 'no-member' should be emitted for the given node and owner.
    if node_ignores_exception(node, AttributeError):
        return False
    if ignored_none and isinstance(owner, astroid.Const) and owner.value is None:
        return False
    if is_super(owner) or getattr(owner, "type", None) == "metaclass":
        return False
    if ignored_mixins and owner_name[-5:].lower() == "mixin":
        return False
    if isinstance(owner, astroid.FunctionDef) and owner.decorators:
        return False
    if isinstance(owner, (astroid.Instance, astroid.ClassDef)):
        if owner.has_dynamic_getattr() and not isinstance(owner.metaclass(), astroid.Instance) and owner.metaclass().qname() != "enum.EnumMeta":
            return False
        if not has_known_bases(owner):
            return False
    if isinstance(owner, objects.Super):
        try:
            owner.super_mro()
        except (exceptions.MroError, exceptions.SuperError):
            return False
        if not all(map(has_known_bases, owner.type.mro
3647	Check if a node has a parent of a specific type, considering a custom statement rule for traversal.
3648	Check if a given name is used as a variadic argument among a list of variadic arguments.
3649	Verifies if a call node has variadic nodes without context, handling nested call functions and inferring variadic arguments incorrectly.
3650	check if the accessed attribute exists in the inferred nodes, ignoring certain patterns, opaque inferences, and ignored classes/modules, and report an error if the attribute is missing
3651	def visit_assign(self, node):
    if not isinstance(node.value, astroid.Call):
        return
    function_node = safe_infer(node.value.func)
    if not isinstance(function_node, (astroid.FunctionDef, astroid.UnboundMethod, astroid.BoundMethod)):
        return
    if not function_node.root().fully_defined() or function_node.decorators:
        return
    if function_node.is_generator() or function_node.is_abstract() or isinstance(function_node, astroid.AsyncFunctionDef):
        return
    returns = function_node.nodes_of_class(astroid.Return, skip_klass=astroid.FunctionDef)
    if not returns:
        self.add_message("assignment-from-no-return", node=node)
    else:
        all_none = all(
            isinstance(rnode.value, astroid.Const) and rnode.value.value is None or rnode.value is None
            for rnode in returns
        )
        if all_none:
            self.add_message("assignment-from-none", node=node)
3652	Check if an uninferable Call node calls an actual function, marking it as not-callable if it does.
3653	Detects and reports TypeErrors for unary operators.
3654	This function returns an iterator over interfaces implemented by a given class node. It checks if the class implements any interfaces and yields them if they are valid. If `herited` is False, it only includes interfaces directly implemented by the class. If any interface is uninferable, it raises an `InferenceError`.
3655	Builds a project from a list of files or modules using the AstroidManager and wraps it with a specified function. Processes each file, handles directories, and constructs the project structure while skipping blacklisted files.
3656	visit_package tags a node with a unique id if self.tag is True, then recursively visits each subelement
3657	visit an AST function node, set locals_type, and optionally tag with a unique id
3658	Visit an astroid.AssignName node, handle locals_type, avoid double parsing, and update the frame's locals_type with inferred values.
3659	Handle an ASTroid assignattr node to update the instance attributes type, merging new values with existing ones while handling inference errors gracefully.
3660	Resolve module dependencies when visiting an astroid.Import node.
3661	visits an astroid.ImportFrom node, resolving module dependencies and analyzing imported names, excluding wildcard imports, and updating imported modules accordingly.
3662	Check if module context matches path; if not standard, return 1
3663	Notify an imported module for analysis. Adjust mod_path if relative, then track dependencies in the module object if not already present.
3664	Generates ANSI escape codes based on color and style inputs.
3665	Wrap message with ANSI escape codes if color or style is provided.
3666	Register reporter classes with linter
3667	Handle a message by checking its module and writeln or write_message accordingly.
3668	### Print a new line and format the layout using TextWriter.
3669	def handle_message(self, msg):
    """Manage message types, colorize output using ANSI escape codes."""
    if msg.module not in self._modules:
        self._modules.add(msg.module)
        self.writeln(colorize_ansi("************* Module " + msg.module, *self._get_decoration("S")))
    self.write_message(msg._replace(msg=colorize_ansi(msg.msg, *self._get_decoration(msg.C)),
                                   symbol=colorize_ansi(msg.symbol, *self._get_decoration(msg.C)),
                                   category=colorize_ansi(msg.category, *self._get_decoration(msg.C)),
                                   C colorize_ansi(msg.C, *self._get_decoration(msg.C))))
3670	Function to open a VCG graph by writing a graph start tag and attributes to a stream.
3671	draw a node with title and optional attributes
3672	Draws an edge from a source node to a target node with optional attributes.
3673	Check new string formatting by verifying the format string and its arguments.
3674	This method processes non-raw string tokens to check for bad escapes. It walks through the string, identifying valid escape sequences based on the prefix and string characteristics. If it encounters anomalous escapes (like unescaped backslashes or unsupported escape characters), it adds a message about the issue.
3675	Increment section, write line, format children, decrement section, write line
3676	Increment section counter, format children, decrement section counter, write a line break
3677	Displays a table as text by calculating column widths and using default formatting.
3678	Formats a table by defining column widths, creating format strings, and writing table lines with headers or separators.
3679	Registers old ID and symbol for a renamed message, allowing users to continue using the old name in suppressions.
3680	Register all messages from a checker after verifying consistency.
3681	Registers a MessageDefinition with checks for consistency, updates the message dictionary, and registers alternative names and categories.
3682	Check if a symbol is already used and raise an error if a duplicate message ID is found. If the symbol has alternative names, also check for duplicates among those.
3683	Raises an `InvalidMessageError` when a duplicate symbol is detected, providing error message with msgid and the conflicting symbols.
3684	Raise a `InvalidMessageError` when a msgid is duplicated, sorting the msgids and providing an error message that includes the symbol and both msgids.
3685	Retrieves a message definition by its ID or symbol, converting numerical IDs to uppercase and searching in alternative sources before raising an error if not found. Returns a list of matching MessageDefinition objects.
3686	Generates a user-friendly message representation from a message ID. Returns the symbol if a single message definition exists, or a list of symbols if multiple definitions are found.
3687	Display help messages for given message identifiers.
3688	Sorts messages by msgid, filters out non-emittable ones, and prints formatted help for each.
3689	Generates ReST documentation for Pylint extensions.
3690	Returns the number of CPUs, using sched_getaffinity if available, falling back to multiprocessing.cpu_count() if not, or returning 1 by default.
3691	Generate a message type report, filtering out errors and sorting by occurrences in descending order.
3692	def fix_import_path(args):
    Save original sys.path, add unique paths from args (and ".") to sys.path, then restore original sys.path when done.
3693	load_plugin_modules takes a list of module names and loads/registers them if not already loaded
3694	This method iterates through a list of plugin modules, loads each module using a utility function, and calls the "load_configuration" hook if it exists, passing the current instance to allow plugins to configure settings.
3695	def set_option(self, optname, value, action=None, optdict=None): Overridden from config.OptionsProviderMixin to handle special options. If optname is in _options_methods or _bw_options_methods, checks for the method, handles CSV values, calls the method, and returns. For "output-format", sets the reporter name and loads the reporter if available. Falls back to the base class method and prints an error if the action is unsupported.
3696	register a checker, handle reports and options, and optionally disable it
3697	.disable_reporters: Disable all reporters by iterating through their IDs and calling disable_report for each.
3698	Disable all checkers, enable Python 3 warnings, and conditionally enable specific Python 3 porting errors based on the error mode. Update the configuration parser and set the Python 3 porting mode flag.
3699	Return list of all available checkers, including self.
3700	Get sorted names of all checkers except "master".
3701	Returns checkers needed for activated messages and reports, sorted by priority.
3702	expands modules, handles errors, sets current module, adds messages based on error type
3703	sets the current module and initializes statistics
3704	Defines a method to check a Python module's AST, invoking token and walker checks, and reporting messages.
3705	Generates a global evaluation report for the code, checks at least one statement, retrieves a global note, handles exceptions, updates previous notes, and displays the report.
3706	Prints help message for a particular message and exits the program.
3707	def cb_full_documentation(self):
    print full documentation
    exit
3708	Calls `list_messages` method from `msgs_store` and exits
3709	Lists all check groups known to pylint and exits.
3710	def normalize_text(text, line_len=80, indent=""): Returns text wrapped to specified line length with optional indentation.
3711	get_module_and_frameid retrieves the module name and frame id, constructing a path from the given node's frame up to the module.
3712	```python
def safe_decode(line, encoding, *args, **kwargs):
    """Decode line with specified encoding or default if encoding is invalid."""
```
3713	Determines if a basename matches any regex pattern in a blacklist. Returns True if a match is found, False otherwise.
3714	Iterates through a directory, imports Python modules, and registers a 'register' function if it exists.
3715	def _comment(string):
    """Convert string to commented format, adding # to each line"""
    stripped_lines = [line.strip() for line in string.splitlines()]
    return "# " + "# ".join(stripped_lines)
3716	Formats option values based on their type, converting lists, tuples, and dictionaries to strings, handling regular expressions, and converting boolean values for "yn" type options.
3717	Writes an INI-formatted section to a stream with optional documentation.
3718	Writes options using INI format, including help text and formatting values.
3719	Inserts a child node at a specified index in the list of children and sets the parent of the child node to the current node.
3720	```python
def append(self, child):
    """Override to detect problems during insertion."""
    assert child not in self.parents()
    VNode.append(self, child)
```
3721	recursive method to return ancestor nodes
3722	this method formats and writes a given layout into a stream object, handling unicode strings and specifying an encoding if necessary
3723	Converts table to a list of lists containing cell values as strings, ensuring alignment.
3724	Temporarily replaces the underlying output stream with a StringIO object to generate a formatted string for each child element in the layout, then yields these formatted strings.
3725	BK Collects block level option line numbers for msgs_store.
3726	Report an ignored message, updating the ignored message count for the original line if the message is disabled locally in a module.
3727	Registers a report with a unique ID, title, callback method, and checker. Stores the report under the checker's key in the _reports dictionary.
3728	Renders registered reports by iterating over a specified order, creating sections for each report, and appending them to a main section if they are enabled and not empty.
3729	Update the statistics dictionary with new entries, removing trailing underscores from keys and raising an error if a key conflict occurs.
3730	Get the name of the property that a given node is a setter for by checking its decorators.
3731	Find the property node for a given setter node by its name and checking the defined attributes of the node's class.
3732	Checks if a return node returns a value other than None.
3733	This method identifies possible exception types raised by a given raise node, excluding caught exceptions. It handles different scenarios like direct exceptions, None, and class/function returns, and filters ignorable exceptions. The result is a set of exception names.
3734	This method processes a module to check if any symbolic messages are activated or deactivated by ID. It retrieves managed messages, compares them with the module's name, and generates messages indicating whether each message is enabled or disabled. The method then adds these messages to the current file and clears the managed messages.
3735	Method: process_module
Input: module
Output: no output
purpose: Inspect source file for encoding problems
3736	def process_tokens(self, tokens):
    """Inspect source for fixme problems, skipping pylint disable clauses."""
    if not self.config.notes:
        return
    comments = (token_info for token_info in tokens if token_info.type == tokenize.COMMENT)
    for comment in comments:
        comment_text = comment.string[1:].lstrip()  # Remove '#' and leading whitespaces
        # Handle pylint disable clauses
        disable_option_match = OPTION_RGX.search(comment_text)
        if disable_option_match:
            try:
                _, value = disable_option_match.group(1).split("=", 1)
                values = [_val.strip().upper() for _val in value.split(",")]
                if set(values) & set(self.config.notes):
                    continue
            except ValueError:
                self.add_message("bad-inline-option", args=disable_option_match.group(1).strip(), line=comment.string)
                continue
        # Emit warnings for fixme comments
        match = self._fixme_pattern.search("#" + comment_text.lower())
        if match:
            note = match.group(1)
            self.add_message("fixme", col_offset=comment.string.lower().index(note.lower()), args=comment_text, line=comment.start[0])
3737	Check if a name is a future import from another module by examining the module's locals and looking for an ImportFrom node with the specified future module name.
3738	Returns True if stmt is inside the else branch of a parent For stmt.
3739	try to find the overridden method in the class hierarchy; return the method node if found, otherwise return None
3740	def _get_unpacking_extra_info(node, infered): Adds extra info to error messages for unpacking issues, indicating where the inferred object is defined relative to the node.
3741	Determines if two frames share a global scope in an ASTroid tree. Returns True if they do not share a global scope, meaning one definition depends on the other and the definition comes later.
3742	Checks if a variable has an assignment in the same scope.
3743	Mark the name as consumed and remove it from the to_consume dictionary.
3744	Check if imported names exist in the global scope and report errors for unassigned or redefined globals.
3745	Check if a node is in a local class scope as an assignment.
3746	Check if node name exists in the to_consume dict of an upper function scope.
3747	- Check if the node is inside an abstract class or is a comprehension.
- Return if true.
- If `infered` is uninferable, return.
- If the node is part of a variable-length argument, return.
- If `infered` is a tuple or list, check if the number of targets matches the number of values.
- If the unpacking is imbalanced and no starred nodes are present, add a message for unbalanced tuple unpacking.
- If `infered` is not a sequence, check if it is iterable.
- If not iterable, add a message for unpacking non-sequence.
3748	Update consumption analysis for metaclasses by recursively checking class definitions and removing unused imports/variables.
3749	Returns a list of subpackages for a given directory, optionally using a prefix and recursively exploring subdirectories.
3750	Installs packages using setuptools, configuring entry points for console scripts and additional setup parameters.
3751	Overrides the `run` method from `install_lib` class, installs included directories, and handles version-specific exclusions.
3752	def report_similarities(sect, stats, old_stats):
    """Create a layout with stats about duplication"""
    lines = ["", "now", "previous", "difference"]
    lines += table_lines_from_stats(stats, old_stats, ("nb_duplicated_lines", "percent_duplicated_lines"))
    sect.append(Table(children=lines, cols=4, rheaders=1, cheaders=1))
3753	Parse command line arguments to determine similarity comparison settings and file list, then use Similar class to compare files and display results.
3754	Append a file to search for similarities by reading its lines and adding a `LineSet` to `self.linesets`. Handle potential `UnicodeDecodeError` by ignoring the file.
3755	Compute similar lines in files by identifying duplicate line sets.
3756	def _display_sims(self, sims):
    """Display computed similarities on stdout."""
    nb_lignes_dupliquees = 0
    for num, couples in sims:
        print(f"{num} similar lines in {len(couples)} files")
        couples = sorted(couples)
        for lineset, idx in couples:
            print(f"=={lineset.name}:{idx}")
            print("  ", lineset._real_lines[idx : idx + num], end="")
        nb_lignes_dupliquees += num * (len(couples) - 1)

    nb_total_lignes = sum(len(lineset) for lineset in self.linesets)
    print(f"TOTAL lines={nb_total_lignes}, duplicates={nb_lignes_dupliquees}, percent={nb_lignes_dupliquees * 100.0 / nb_total_lignes:.2f}")
3757	The method `_find_common` identifies similarities between two sets of lines. It iterates through `lineset1` and compares lines with those in `lineset2`, yielding matches where at least `min_lines` consecutive non-blank lines are identical.
3758	iterate over similarities among all pairs of files using a nested loop
3759	def enumerate_stripped(start_at=0):
    """Return an iterator of stripped lines with indices, starting from a given index"""
    idx = start_at
    lines = self._stripped_lines[start_at:]
    for line in lines:
        yield idx, line
        idx += 1
3760	Create the index for the set by mapping lines to their line numbers.
3761	Check if a function definition and call are equivalent by comparing their arguments, keyword-only arguments, variadic arguments, variadic keyword arguments, and ensuring there are no additional keyword arguments in the call that don't match the definition.
3762	Compares attributes of two nodes based on attr_name equality. Returns True if attributes match, False otherwise.
3763	Check if overridden method parameters have different default values compared to the original method parameters. Return True if any parameter is overridden with a different default value or type. If a parameter does not have a default value, the method still returns False.
3764	Determine if two methods have different parameters by comparing their positional parameters, variadics, and keyword-only parameters, ignoring special methods.
3765	Safely infers a function's return value, returning None if inference fails or if the result is ambiguous.
3766	Sets the given node as accessed by appending it to the appropriate scope.
3767	Visit a class definition node, check its bases, verify the presence of an `__init__` method, check for slots, proper base classes, and consistent MRO.
3768	Check a class's MRO for consistency or duplicate bases, reporting errors or ignoring old-style classes.
3769	def _check_proper_bases(self, node):
    """
    Check if a class inherits from valid base classes.
    """
    for base in node.bases:
        ancestor = safe_infer(base)
        if ancestor is None:
            continue
        if ancestor.is_subtype_of("%s.type" % (BUILTINS,)):
            continue

        if not isinstance(ancestor, astroid.ClassDef) or _is_invalid_base_class(ancestor):
            self.add_message("inherit-non-class", args=base.as_string(), node=node)

        if ancestor.name == object.__name__:
            self.add_message("useless-object-inheritance", args=node.name, node=node)
3770	def visit_functiondef(self, node): checks method arguments and overrides. Overrides if method is a class method or has decorators like getter, setter, deleter, or property. Also, checks if method is hidden by an attribute.
3771	Check if a function is an useless method override by verifying if it uses super() to delegate an operation to the rest of the MRO, and if the method called is the same as the current one with the same arguments, then the method could be removed altogether.
3772	This method `leave_functiondef` checks if a given method node could instead be a function. It ignores class, static, and abstract methods, initializers, and methods overridden from parent classes. If these conditions are not met, it adds a message indicating that the method should not use `self`.
3773	Check if an AssignAttr node is defined in the class slots. If not, return. If the class does not use slots or has an ancestor that does not use them, return. If the node's attribute is not in the slots, and the slots do not include '__dict__', and the attribute is not a property or descriptor, warn about assigning a non-slot attribute.
3774	Check if the current node's name matches the last attribute in a list; if so, set a flag to indicate that the method might not be a function.
3775	Checks if accessed attributes are defined and reports errors if not.
3776	check if the given class node implements abstract methods from base classes
3777	check method signatures match, handle exceptions, ignore private/setter methods, compare parameters & defaults
3778	def _is_mandatory_method_param(self, node):
        return node.name == self._first_attrs[-1] if self._first_attrs and isinstance(node, astroid.Name) else False
3779	def _is_raising(body: list) -> bool:
    """Return True if any Raise node is found in the given list of AST nodes, indicating an exception is raised"""
3780	Check if the exception context is valid, report an error if not.
3781	Checks if `super` method is used correctly within a class's method, ensuring proper inheritance and avoiding recursion loops.
3782	Displays the results encapsulated in the layout tree. Prepends the report ID to the first data field if present. Calls a private method to recursively display the layout.
3783	Check if a class node is a subclass of typing.NamedTuple by iterating through its ancestors.
3784	Check if a class definition inherits from the Enum class in the enum module.
3785	Check if a class node defines a Python 3.7+ dataclass by examining its decorators. Return True if the node has a `dataclass` decorator, False otherwise.
3786	Initialize visit variables for linter statistics, returns, branches, and statements.
3787	Check class inheritance depth and instance attributes count, report if exceeds configured limits.
3788	This method checks the number of public methods in a class. It counts the public methods defined in the class and its ancestors, then compares the counts to the user-defined limits for minimum and maximum public methods. If the class has too many or too few public methods, it adds a message to the node.
3789	increments branches counter, checks boolean expressions, and adjusts for 'elif' nodes.
3790	Check if an "if" node's test is a BoolOp, count its boolean expressions, and check if the count exceeds a configuration limit. If it does, add a message.
3791	def _check_docstring(self, node):
    """Check for spelling errors in the node's docstring."""
    docstring = node.doc
    if not docstring:
        return

    start_line = node.lineno + 1

    for idx, line in enumerate(docstring.splitlines()):
        self._check_spelling("wrong-spelling-in-docstring", line, start_line + idx)
3792	Return the message formatted according to the given template using the fields of the namedtuple.
3793	Check if a token is a trailing comma that trails an expression.
3794	Check if a given node is an actual `elif` statement in an `astroid` AST, addressing a split issue in the built-in `ast` module.
3795	Check if an if statement can be simplified to a boolean expression. If both branches return or assign a boolean value based on the test, replace the if statement with 'return bool(test)' or 'var = bool(test)' respectively.
3796	function checks for StopIteration exception inside generator node
3797	Return True if the exception inherits from StopIteration.
3798	Checks if a `StopIteration` exception is raised by calling `next()` on a generator. If the generator has a default value, no message is added.
3799	Update and check the number of nested blocks within function or method scopes, triggering messages when exiting nested blocks.
3800	Get duplicated isinstance call types from an ASTroid BoolOp node.
3801	Checks if an "or" node contains "isinstance" calls that can be merged into a single call with multiple classes. If so, it adds a message to consider merging them.
3802	The `_check_chained_comparison` method checks for chained comparisons in the expression. It looks for instances where multiple comparisons use the same variable, such as `a < b and b < c`. If it finds a chained comparison, it adds a refactoring message. The method avoids simplifying expressions like `a < b < c` and `b < d`.
3803	Check if node is in the form 'condition and true_value or false_value' with no complex boolean expressions in its components.
3804	Checks that all return statements in a function are consistent, ensuring either all return explicitly with a value or all return implicitly with an empty value.
3805	Checks if a node ends with an explicit return statement, considering recursive conditions for various node types.
3806	Emits a convention message when a for loop uses range and len for indexing, and the iterating object is used as a subscript.
3807	Checks if 'Graphviz' is installed for specified output format. Prints error message and exits if not installed.
3808	Checks arguments, runs project, and writes output in specified format.
3809	Sorted modules are printed as nodes with box shapes. Dependencies between packages are shown as edges.
3810	Writes a class diagram by sorting objects, emitting nodes and edges for inheritance, implementation, and associations.
3811	Define a DotWriter object with the given file name and a layout option, then store it in the self.printer attribute.
3812	Initializes a VCGWriter for a UML graph, sets up the graph file and printer with specified layout and edge settings.
3813	Return True if the current interpreter version is between minversion and maxversion.
3814	```text
Formats help string for a message ID, including description, checker reference, message ID with symbol, and version restrictions.
```
3815	Sets `PYTHONPATH` in the environment to the current `sys.path`.
3816	This method, `lint`, is designed to run Pylint on a given file while handling issues related to Python package imports. It adjusts the import paths to avoid confusion during linting and modifies the output file names to match the original file path, ensuring that Emacs can correctly interpret the results. The method traverses the directory structure to find the root of the package, then invokes Pylint from that directory with appropriate options and commands.
3817	Run pylint from Python with optional command options, capturing standard output and error if specified. If return_std is True, returns StringIO objects for stdout and stderr.
3818	function to find cycles in a graph using recursion
3819	Checks if _source is None, updates it if necessary, and returns it
3820	Generates a graph file based on input parameters, handling both dot and output file formats using subprocess calls to a renderer.
3821	def _rest_format_section(stream, section, options, doc=None):
    """format an options section using ReST"""
    if section:
        print(section + "\n" + "'" * len(section), file=stream)
    if doc:
        print(normalize_text(doc, 79), file=stream)
        print(file=stream)
    for optname, optdict, value in options:
        print(":%s:" % optname, file=stream)
        help_opt = optdict.get("help")
        if help_opt:
            print(normalize_text(help_opt, 79, "  "), file=stream)
        if value:
            print(file=stream)
            print("  Default: ``%s``" % str(_format_option_value(optdict, value)).replace("`` ", "```` ``"), file=stream)
3822	Registers a numeric msgid with the user, suggesting a symbolic msgid if available.
3823	disables a message by setting its status to False and registering it by its ID
3824	Enables a message with given id by setting its status to true and registering it as managed, unless unknown and ignored.
3825	Get message symbol for given id, return original id if message does not exist.
3826	Check if a message is enabled based on message descriptor, optional line, and confidence.
3827	Adds a message using a description, optionally expanding it with arguments, and handling different types of checkers by providing the appropriate line or node.
3828	Prints full documentation in ReST format for Pylint options and checkers. Outputs global options, checkers' options, messages, and reports to a specified stream or standard output.
3829	def _print_checker_doc(checker_name, info, stream=None):
    """Prints documentation for a checker.

    Formats and outputs documentation, options, messages, and reports.
    Defaults to stdout if no stream is provided.
    """
3830	>Returns the length of indentation in a line, counting spaces and tabs according to a specified tab length.
3831	`_get_indent_hint_line` generates a line with '|'s at specified positions and a caret '^' at the bad position, sorting and formatting them for display.
3832	```python
def token_indent(self, idx):
    """Returns indentation for a token, consisting of line-indent plus spaces to reach the token's column."""
```
3833	Record the position of the first non-junk token at the start of a line, handling async tokens and checking for block openers.
3834	Retrieves valid indentation offsets for a given token position, considering stack state and token type.
3835	Extracts hanging indent information after a bracket.
3836	def _continuation_inside_bracket(self, bracket, position):
    Extracts indentation information for a continued indent. Determines if it's a block opener and calculates the necessary indentations based on token positions. Returns a _ContinuedIndent object with the appropriate indentation type and values.
3837	Pushes a new token for continued indentation on the stack based on its type and position, using helper functions for specific token behaviors.
3838	Detects unnecessary semicolons and splits lines accordingly.
3839	Check for unnecessary parentheses after a keyword if followed by a single balanced pair on a line, a colon, and no commas.
3840	Extended check for type hint presence, ensuring it's within brackets and before a colon.
3841	Check the spacing around an equals sign based on its context, using specific rules for type annotations and brackets.
3842	Check a binary operator is surrounded by exactly one space.
3843	The `visit_default` method checks if a node represents a statement and before a pure Python block. It then determines the previous and current line numbers to check if the node is on a line that has already been visited or contains multiple statements on a single line. If not, it marks the line as visited and collects the contents of the lines within the node's block.
3844	Check if a line contains multiple statements and add a message if so, except in certain cases like within nested context managers, try-except-finally blocks, single-line if statements, and single-line class definitions.
3845	Def check_lines method:
- Iterates over lines, checking line lengths and characters
- Adds messages for missing newlines, trailing whitespace, and excessive line length
- Excludes certain lines from checks based on configuration
- Joins lines with specific characters before checking
3846	def check_indent_level(self, string, expected, line_num): Determines the indent level of a string and checks if it matches the expected level, reporting errors if the indentation is incorrect or mixed.
3847	def _in_iterating_context(node):
    Checks if the node is being used as an iterator, considering various Python contexts.
3848	Determines if an import node is within a conditional statement or try-except block.
3849	Detects when a specific "bad" built-in function is referenced in the code. Checks if the referenced node is a built-in, if it's a "bad" built-in according to the instance's `_bad_builtins` attribute, and if it's not ignored by exception handling. If all conditions are met, it adds a message for the "bad" built-in.
3850	def visit_subscript(self, node):
    "Check for indexing exceptions."
    try:
        for inferred in node.value.infer():
            if isinstance(inferred, astroid.Instance) and utils.inherit_from_std_ex(inferred):
                self.add_message("indexing-exception", node=node)
    except astroid.InferenceError:
        return
3851	Look for removed attributes or exceptions with missing message attributes, and report warnings.
3852	def visit_excepthandler(self, node):
    Check for exception unpacking and potential escape of exception variables.
3853	Visit a raise statement, check for empty raise, and validate the raise value.
3854	Search for a `pylintrc` file in the current directory or up one level from an `__init__.py` file. If not found, check environment variable and user home directory for custom configuration. Fallback to system-wide configuration if none found. Return the path to the config file if found, otherwise return `None`.
3855	def _validate(value, optdict, name=""):
    """Validate a value based on its type defined in optdict"""
    try:
        _type = optdict["type"]
    except KeyError:
        return value
    return _call_validator(_type, optdict, name, value)
3856	Patch OptionParser.expand_default to prioritize values from a configuration file over defaults.
3857	This method checks if a long option `opt` is in the `_long_opt` dictionary, and raises an `optparse.BadOptionError` if it is not found. If the option is valid, it returns the option.
3858	Registers an options provider with a priority and adds its options to a list or groups.
3859	def cb_set_provider_option(self, option, opt, value, parser):
    """Process command-line option using optik callback"""
    if opt.startswith("--"):
        opt = opt[2:]
    else:
        opt = self._short_options[opt[1:]]
    if value is None:
        value = 1
    self.global_set_option(opt, value)
3860	Sets the value for an option using the appropriate option provider.
3861	This method constructs a configuration file based on the current provider's options. It filters out deprecated and None-typed options, groups them by section, and outputs the configuration to a specified stream or standard output.
3862	Load configuration file values and dispatch to option providers, skipping undeclared options.
3863	Override configuration with command line parameters, update configuration attributes, and return additional arguments.
3864	Adds a help section to a command-line parser with a title, description, and an optional level. Updates the maximum level if necessary.
3865	Returns help string for available options with specified output level.
3866	Load default options for the provider, skipping callback actions. For other actions, set the default value if not already provided and update the option accordingly.
3867	def option_attrname(self, opt, optdict=None):
    if optdict is None:
        optdict = self.get_option_def(opt)
    return optdict.get("dest", opt.replace("-", "_"))
3868	This method retrieves the definition of an option from a list of options based on the option's name. If the option is found, it returns the corresponding dictionary. If the option is not found, it raises an OptionError indicating that the option does not exist in the specified section.
3869	Return an iterator of options grouped by section.
3870	Determines if a BoundMethod node represents a method call, optionally filtering by caller type and method names.
3871	Checks if a given AST node is a string with complex formatting by parsing it with string.Formatter() and returning True if any part has a format spec.
3872	This method initializes state for a module checker by clearing previous state, storing the names of logging modules and formats, and mapping from import names to actual module names.
3873	Checks if a module uses a non-Python logging module.
3874	Checks if a module uses Python's built-in logging and adds the logging name to a set.
3875	The `visit_call` method checks if a function call is to a logging method. It first determines if the function name is in a predefined list of logging names. If not, it checks if the function belongs to a class derived from `logging.Logger`. If a valid logging method is found, it calls `_check_log_method` to validate the logging call.
3876	Checks if format string tokens match supplied arguments. Validates the number of arguments against the required ones based on the format string style. Reports errors if the number of arguments is incorrect.
3877	Check if a node is inside any loop (for, list comprehension, set comprehension, dictionary comprehension, generator expression).
3878	Returns the loop node that contains a break node.
3879	Returns True if the given loop may exit due to a break statement.
3880	Returns a tuple of property classes and names from a given configuration.
3881	Determine the type of a function based on its name and decorators. Return 'function' if not a method, 'attr' if decorated with '@property' or 'prop_method.setter/getter', otherwise return 'method'.
3882	Generate a report for different types (module, class, method, function) with statistics on their documentation and bad naming.
3883	def redefined_by_decorator(node): Determines if a method is redefined via decorator by checking if the node has decorators and if any decorator matches the node's name.
3884	Checks if a call has exactly one positional argument.
3885	Check if a Starred expression is used in an assignment target, except for f(*args) and when used for PEP 448 unpacking. If it is, add a message that a starred expression needs an assignment target.
3886	This method checks if a name is both nonlocal and global within the same scope and reports an error if so.
3887	Check if a class instantiated with abc.ABCMeta as metaclass is abstract.
3888	This method checks if a loop with an else clause exits early and raises a message if it doesn't.
3889	check if a node is within a for or while loop; if not, add a "not-in-loop" message
3890	def open(self):
    """Initialize visit variables and statistics"""
    self._tryfinallys = []
    self.stats = self.linter.add_stats(module=0, function=0, method=0, class_=0)
3891	check for various kind of statements without effect
3892	Visits a lambda node to check if it is unnecessary or suspicious. It examines the lambda's arguments and body, ensuring they correspond to a function call correctly. If the lambda can be replaced by the function call without loss of information, it reports it as unnecessary.
3893	Check if an assert statement fails and its test is a tuple with exactly two elements, then add a message.
3894	visit_dict checks for duplicate keys in a dictionary node by iterating through its items, using a set to track seen keys. If a key is encountered twice, it adds a "duplicate-key" message with the key details.
3895	Checks if the next sibling of a node is unreachable and adds a message if so.
3896	Check if a node is inside a finally clause within a try...finally statement. If any ancestor of the node is of a type in breaker_classes, skip the check. If the node is found in the finalbody of an ancestor, add a message and return.
3897	Checks if the argument passed to the reversed function is a valid sequence. If the argument is not a sequence, it issues a message.
3898	Visit an assignment node to check if it violates naming rules at the module, function, or class level.
3899	def _check_name(self, node_type, name, node, confidence=interfaces.HIGH):
    """Check if a name is valid or blacklisted based on its type and configuration."""
    if utils.is_inside_except(node):
        if utils.clobber_in_except(node)[0]:
            return
    if name in self.config.good_names:
        return
    if name in self.config.bad_names:
        self.stats["badname_" + node_type] += 1
        self.add_message("blacklisted-name", node=node, args=name)
        return
    regexp = self._name_regexps[node_type]
    match = regexp.match(name)
    if _is_multi_naming_match(match, node_type, confidence):
        name_group = self._find_name_group(node_type)
        bad_name_group = self._bad_names.setdefault(name_group, {})
        warnings = bad_name_group.setdefault(match.lastgroup, [])
        warnings.append((node, node_type, name, confidence))
    if match is None and not _should_exempt_from_invalid_name(node):
        self._raise_name_warning(node, node_type, name, confidence)
3900	def _check_docstring(self, node_type, node, report_missing=True, confidence=interfaces.HIGH):
    "Check if node has a non-empty docstring."
    docstring = node.doc
    if docstring is None or not docstring.strip():
        self.stats["undocumented_" + node_type] += 1

        if report_missing and (node_type != "module" or utils.get_node_last_lineno(node) - node.lineno > self.config.docstring_min_length):
            self.add_message("missing-docstring" if docstring is None else "empty-docstring", node=node, args=(node_type,), confidence=confidence)

    # Checks for formatted string calls that might be docstrings
    if docstring is not None:
        formatted_call_expr = astroid.Expr and isinstance(node.body[0].value, astroid.Call)
        formatted_call_func = isinstance(node.body[0].value.func, astroid.BoundMethod) and isinstance(node.body[0].value.func.bound, astroid.Instance)
        if (formatted_call_expr and formatted_call_func) and (("str" in node.body[0].value.func.bound.name) if PY3K else ("str" in node.body[0].value.func.bound.name
3901	Check if a comparison involves a literal, usually not desired, and report if true.
3902	Create subgraphs for `if` and `for` statements; handle global loop or append nodes accordingly.
3903	Parse a node's body, extra blocks, and `orelse` block; connect them to a bottom node.
3904	Visits an ASTroid module node, calculates the complexity of each graph using a PathGraphingAstVisitor, and adds a message if the complexity exceeds the specified maximum.
3905	adds checker's visit and leave methods to self.visit_events and self.leave_events, skipping "default" methods and those without an activated message
3906	Called visit events for given node, recurses on its children, then calls leave events.
3907	add a relationship between two objects with a given type and optionally a name
3908	Return a relation for the given object and type or raise KeyError.
3909	return sorted(visible attributes with class name if applicable)
3910	Return sorted list of visible methods from given node.
3911	Creates a diagram object by adding a title and node to the _nodes dictionary, appends the object to the objects list, and asserts that the node is not already present.
3912	Returns a list of class names found in the given nodes that do not already exist in the diagram.
3913	def classes(self):
  return class nodes in diagram
3914	return class by name, raise KeyError if not found
3915	This method returns all module nodes in the diagram by filtering objects where the node is an instance of astroid.Module.
3916	Return a module with the given name, or raise a KeyError if not found.
3917	Retrieve a module by its name, searching for both direct and relative imports, and raise an exception if not found.
3918	Adds a dependency from `from_module` to the current module's dependencies.
3919	Removes the grant from the cache for a client, using the grant's key. Logs the deletion.
3920	Determines if the model has a query attribute; returns it if available, otherwise uses the session to create a query for the model.
3921	Returns the User object if the username and password match, else returns None.
3922	Returns a Token object based on the provided access or refresh token, if either is present.
3923	Creates a Token object for a user and removes expired tokens for the same user, then saves the new token in the database.
3924	Creates Grant object using provided parameters and adds it to the session.
3925	Fetches a Grant object by client ID and code.
3926	Prepare the parameters for a HTTP request by setting default headers, determining the appropriate method (GET or POST), and adjusting the URI and data accordingly.
3927	Stores Flask app instance in self.app and registers extension
3928	Registers a new remote application with optional registration.
3929	Sends an HTTP request to a remote server with optional data, headers, and authentication. Handles different request methods and formats (URL-encoded or JSON). Supports custom content types and tokens. Uses OAuth for authentication if available. May modify request components before sending, and handles the response.
3930	def authorize(self, callback, state=None, **kwargs):
    auth_url = self.expand_url(self.authorize_url)
    params = self.request_token_params.copy()
    params.update(kwargs)

    if self.request_token_url:
        token = self.generate_request_token(callback)[0]
        url = f"{auth_url}?oauth_token={url_quote(token)}"
        if params:
            url += '&' + url_encode(params)
    else:
        assert callback is not None, 'Callback is required for OAuth2'
        client = self.make_client()
        scope = params.pop('scope') if 'scope' in params else None
        scope = _encode(scope, self.encoding) if isinstance(scope, str) else scope
        state = state or params.pop('state') if 'state' in params else None
        state = state() if callable(state) else state
        session[f'{self.name}_oauthredir'] = callback
        url = client.prepare_request_uri(auth_url, redirect_uri=callback, scope=scope, state=state, **params)
    
    return redirect(url)
3931	Handles OAuth1 authorization response by creating a client, setting verifier, retrieving token, signing the request, sending it, and handling the response. Raises exceptions for token not found or invalid response.
3932	Uses OAuth2 protocol to handle authorization response by constructing request based on method (POST or GET), sending request, and parsing response, raising exceptions for errors.
3933	Handles authorization response by checking for 'oauth_verifier' or 'code' in args, processes accordingly, and frees request token/session data.
3934	Annotations an OAuth callback; logs deprecation warning; calls authorized_response then decorated function.
3935	Generates a hashable representation of a token for use as a dictionary key, considering the type of the token and the application details.
3936	Obtains a client using a cached token or creates a new one with the given token, storing it in the cache if available.
3937	Creates an OAuth1Session object from a token tuple or dictionary, extracting the necessary access token and secret.
3938	Enables insecure transport for OAuthlib in a debug or testing environment, restoring the original environment variable on exit. Warns if the variable is set outside these modes.
3939	def confirm_authorization_request(self):
    """Handle consumer authorization request."""
    server = self.server
    uri, http_method, body, headers = extract_params()
    try:
        realms, credentials = server.get_realms_and_credentials(uri, http_method, body, headers)
        ret = server.create_authorization_response(uri, http_method, body, headers, realms, credentials)
        log.debug('Authorization successful.')
        return create_response(*ret)
    except (errors.OAuth1Error, errors.InvalidClientError) as e:
        return redirect(e.in_uri(self.error_uri))
3940	def request_token_handler(self, f):
    Decorator to handle token requests. Wraps a function to add extra credentials for token creation, handling any OAuth1 errors. Returns the token response or an error response.
3941	Get client secret by key; returns client secret if client object exists; otherwise returns None.
3942	Get request token secret by checking if token exists and matches client_key, return secret if valid.
3943	Gets access token secret by retrieving or fetching the access token using `_tokengetter` if `request.access_token` is None. Returns the secret attribute of the access token or None if it does not exist.
3944	Retrieves the default realms for a client based on the request object. If the request client is not set, it sets it using a client getter function. Returns the default realms if they exist, otherwise returns an empty list.
3945	Retrieves realms for a given token, handling token retrieval and checking for realms attribute.
3946	Get redirect URI for request token.
3947	Retrieves a client's RSA key from a stored request object if available, else fetches it using a private method and returns.
3948	Validates if the provided client key exists by checking the request object and populating it with a client using a getter method if necessary. Returns True if a client is found, False otherwise.
3949	Checks if the request token is valid for the given client key
3950	Logs debug info, retrieves token, assigns to request if found, returns True if valid, False otherwise.
3951	Validate timestamp and nonce, set if not exists and return validation result
3952	### Method Summary:
The `validate_redirect_uri` method checks if a given `redirect_uri` is allowed for a client identified by `client_key`. It first logs the validation attempt, retrieves the client details, and ensures the `redirect_uri` is within the client's allowed list. It returns `True` if the `redirect_uri` is valid or if no `redirect_uri` is provided and allowed, otherwise `False`.
3953	Check if a token has permission for given realms.
3954	Validates if a verifier exists and matches the client key.
3955	Check if the request token exists in the request or by fetching it using a getter. If found, set it in the request and return True; otherwise, return False.
3956	def verify_realms(self, token, realms, request):
    """Verify if the realms match the requested realms."""
    log.debug('Verify realms %r', realms)
    tok = request.request_token or self._grantgetter(token=token)
    if not tok:
        return False

    request.request_token = tok
    if not hasattr(tok, 'realms'):
        return True

    return tok.realms == realms
3957	Save access token to database using tokensetter function.
3958	Save request token to database using the provided grantsetter function.
3959	Save verifier to database using a provided function. Requires a verifier setter function that updates the verifier in the database. Optionally, attaches the current user if required.
3960	Method to determine the URI for error pages in a Flask application using OAuth2. If the `OAUTH2_PROVIDER_ERROR_URI` config is set, it returns that URI. Otherwise, it checks if `OAUTH2_PROVIDER_ERROR_ENDPOINT` is set and returns the URL for that endpoint. If neither is set, it defaults to `/oauth/errors`.
3961	When a consumer confirms an authorization request, this method extracts credentials from the request, splits the scope, and attempts to create an authorization response using the server. It handles different types of exceptions, logging errors and preserving state as necessary.
3962	Verifies current request and retrieves OAuth data.
3963	Return client credentials from the request, either from the `client_id` and `client_secret` attributes if provided, or from the `Authorization` header if formatted correctly. If the header is not formatted correctly or is missing, return `None` for both credentials.
3964	Determines if client authentication is required for a request based on the grant type and client type.
3965	Authenticate client by checking credentials from request and client database. If client exists and secret matches, log success and return True; otherwise, log failure and return False.
3966	Authenticate non-confidential client by client ID. Retrieve client credentials if necessary. Check if client exists, log if not found. Attach client to request for convenience. Return True if authentication successful.
3967	Get scopes for a refresh token in the refresh token grant flow.
3968	Checks if the requested scopes match the original scopes granted. If scopes are omitted, it defaults to the original scopes. Returns True if they match, otherwise False.
3969	Get default redirect URI for the client, setting client if not provided.
3970	Sets the client for the request if not already set, retrieves default scopes from the client, logs the found scopes, and returns them.
3971	Invalidate an authorization code by deleting its corresponding grant token using the `_grantgetter` method.
3972	Persist authorization code for client and log the action. Use client or retrieve it from getter. Set grant and return default redirect URI.
3973	Persist Bearer token, log debug, call tokensetter, return redirect URI
3974	Validates a bearer token by checking its existence, expiration, and scopes. If valid, populates the request object with relevant details.
3975	Ensures a client_id corresponds to an active and valid client, attaches the client to the request object, and returns True if valid, False otherwise.
3976	Check client and grant validity, set request attributes if valid
3977	Ensure client is authorized to use requested grant type. Allow specific grant types by default, customizable via `allowed_grant_types` attribute. Check for `user` property if `client_credentials` is used.
3978	Validate a refresh token's validity and client association. If valid, update the request object with client and user information and return True; otherwise, return False.
3979	Ensure client is authorized to use the response type requested. It allows 'code' and 'token' by default, and can be customized using `allowed_response_types` attribute in the client object.
3980	Ensure the client is authorized access to requested scopes by checking if the client has a custom validate_scopes method or using the client's default scopes.
3981	Validate user credentials; attach user object to request if valid.
3982	Revoke a token by attempting to look it up using the provided token_type_hint or defaulting to access_token. If found, update request with client_id and user, delete the token, and return True. If not found, log an error and return False.
3983	Update session parameters for OAuth2.0 API calls
3984	Recursively converts dictionary keys to strings.
3985	Modifies the 'Authorization' header from 'Bearer' to 'OAuth2' in the provided headers dictionary, then returns the original URI, modified headers, and body.
3986	Creates a remote app and registers it using the provided OAuth object and optional name and keyword arguments.
3987	```python
Creates a remote app with optional kwargs, using default values if not provided.
```
3988	Extracts parameters from a request, including URI, HTTP method, body, and headers, sanitize headers, and updates the Authorization header if parsed.
3989	Convert text to bytes type if it's not already.
3990	Decodes a base64 encoded string to its original form.
3991	Create a response object for Flask with given headers, body, and status code.
3992	Checks if OAuth state is initialized in the current app context and returns the cached clients dictionary.
3993	Adds a remote application, applying custom attributes and ensuring a unique name. If the application's name or attributes differ from the provided ones, a copy is created with the new settings. Then, it assigns the application to a dictionary with the unique name.
3994	**Summary:** Method creates and adds a new remote application based on the provided name, version, and additional attributes. It defaults to version '2' if no version is specified or if 'request_token_url' is not in kwargs. Raises a ValueError for unknown versions.
3995	Repeatedly calls a method that retrieves the public key of an X509 certificate, ignoring any exceptions raised.
3996	Repeatedly calls a method to generate a PKey object and retrieve its public key.
3997	Invoke load_privatekey with an encrypted PEM and a passphrase callback returning "hello, secret"
3998	_test the function with an encrypted key and a callback that returns the wrong passphrase_
3999	The method `check_load_privatekey_callback_wrong_type` tests that calling the `load_privatekey` function with an encrypted PEM and a passphrase callback that returns a non-string raises a `ValueError`.
4000	Create a CRL object, add 100 Revoked objects, and repeatedly call the get_revoked method.
4001	def check_X509_REVOKED_dup(self):
    Call _X509_REVOKED_dup 100 times more than self.iterations, free each copy manually.
4002	Create a certificate request using a public key, optional digest, and subject name attributes. Returns an X509Req object.
4003	Generates a certificate using a given certificate request, issuer certificate and key, serial number, and validity period. Returns the signed certificate in an X509 object.
4004	Builds a decorator to raise NotImplementedError if a cryptography flag is false.
4005	The `load_verify_locations` method configures an SSL context to use a specified file or directory of trusted CA certificates in PEM format. If `capath` is provided, it must point to a directory structure prepared by `c_rehash`. The method returns `None`.
4006	Set a passphrase callback for SSL context, handling private key decryption with optional user data.
4007	Load a certificate chain from a file.
4008	Loads a certificate from a file using the specified encoding (PEM or ASN1).
4009	Load an X509 object as a certificate
4010	Adds an X509 certificate to the SSL context's chain of certificates, raising a TypeError if the input is not an X509 instance.
4011	Loads a private key from a file, optionally specifying the file encoding. If encoding is unspecified, defaults to PEM. Raises an exception if the key cannot be used.
4012	Loads a private key from a PKey object into SSL context, raising a TypeError if the input is not a PKey instance and handling passphrase exceptions.
4013	Load a CA file and set it as client CA list for SSL context.
4014	Set max depth for SSL certificate chain verification.
4015	Load EDH parameters from a file and set them in an SSL context
4016	Sets the list of ciphers for SSL context; validates byte string input and checks for expected cipher suites.
4017	Sets the server context's preferred client certificate signers using a list of X509Names. Converts each name to an OpenSSL X509_NAME structure and adds them to a stack. The stack is then set as the client CA list for the server context. Handles exceptions by freeing resources and re-raising the error.
4018	Add a CA certificate to the server's preferred signers list, to be sent to the client when requested. Raises an error if the certificate authority is not an X509 instance.
4019	Set a callback for handling server name requests, invoked with the Connection instance.
4020	Sets SRTP profiles for TLS context. Raises TypeError if profiles are not bytes. Uses OpenSSL assertion for success.
4021	Sets a callback function to handle NPN protocol selection, invoked with a list of offered protocols and returning a chosen protocol.
4022	Set the Application Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) protocols for a TLS connection.
4023	Set a callback function for selecting ALPN protocols in a server's SSL context.
4024	Sets up an OCSP callback for SSL context.
4025	Set a server-side callback to provide OCSP data for TLS handshakes.
4026	Set a callback function to validate OCSP data during TLS handshake on the client side.
4027	Switches the connection's session context to a new :class:`Context` instance, raising a TypeError if the provided context is not an instance of :class:`Context`.
4028	Retrieve the server name from the client hello message and return it as a byte string, or None if not provided.
4029	Set the servername extension in the client hello. Raise TypeError for invalid input.
4030	Receive data on SSL connection, using _no_zero_allocator to allocate buffer, and either SSL_peek or SSL_read based on flags. Raises SSL error if necessary and returns the read string.
4031	This method receives data over a connection and stores it directly in a provided buffer. It handles optional parameters for the number of bytes to read and flags, with support for `MSG_PEEK`. The method uses temporary buffers and memoryviews to handle the data efficiently.
4032	Reads bytes from a memory BIO associated with a connection, ensuring the buffer size is an integer. Raises errors if the connection or buffer size is invalid.
4033	If renegotiation is pending, start it and return True; otherwise, return False.
4034	This method shuts down an SSL connection by sending a shutdown message and checking the result. It returns True if the shutdown is successful, False otherwise, and may require further actions based on the connection's readability/writeability.
4035	Retrieve a list of ciphers used by the Connection object.
4036	Get client CAs for authentication. Returns list of CA names.
4037	Set the shutdown state of the Connection using a bitvector. Raises TypeError if state is not an integer.
4038	Retrieve the random value used in a server hello message by accessing the SSL session and calling SSL_get_server_random to get the data.
4039	This method retrieves the random value used in the client hello message. It first gets the SSL session and checks if it exists. If the session is valid, it determines the length of the client random value. It then allocates memory and fetches the client random value, returning it as a string.
4040	Retrieve the master key for the current session and return it as a string.
4041	```python
def export_keying_material(self, label, olen, context=None):
    """
    Export keying material based on a label and optional context.

    :param label: Disambiguating label string
    :param olen: Length of key material in bytes
    :param context: Optional context value
    :return: Exported key material bytes
    """
```
4042	Returns the current OpenSSL session or None if none exists.
4043	Retrieve the name of the current cipher or None if no connection is established.
4044	Obtain the number of secret bits of the currently used cipher or return None if no connection has been established.
4045	Get the protocol version of the currently used cipher. Returns the protocol name or None if no connection.
4046	Retrieves the TLS version of the current connection as a string. If the connection was not successfully established, returns "Unknown".
4047	Get the negotiated protocol by NPN, return a bytestring or an empty string if no protocol has been negotiated.
4048	Update the ALPN protocol list for an SSL/TLS connection by encoding the protocols as a byte string and passing it to OpenSSL.
4049	Get the negotiated protocol using ALPN. Returns the protocol name as a bytestring or an empty string if no protocol has been negotiated.
4050	Allocates a new OpenSSL memory BIO, optionally initializes it with a buffer, and ensures automatic cleanup through garbage collection.
4051	Copy the contents of an OpenSSL BIO object into a Python byte string.
4052	Sets the ASN1 time object to the specified time value. Raises exceptions for invalid input types, formats, and other errors.
4053	This method retrieves the time value of an ASN1 time object and returns it as a bytes string, converting non-generalized time objects to generalized time objects first if necessary. If the object contains no time value, it returns None.
4054	def get_elliptic_curve(name):
    """Returns an elliptic curve object by name, raising ValueError if unsupported"""

    for curve in get_elliptic_curves():
        if curve.name == name:
            return curve
    raise ValueError("unknown curve name", name)
4055	Dump a public key to a buffer in PEM or ASN1 format.
4056	Load a public key from a buffer using either PEM or ASN1 format. If the buffer is a string, encode it to ASCII. Create a memory buffer, read the public key from it based on the file type, and return a PKey object. If the key is not found, raise an error.
4057	Sign data using a key and digest, returning the signature.
4058	Verify the signature for a data string using a provided X509 certificate, message digest, and signature. Raises an exception if the verification fails.
4059	Dump a certificate revocation list to a buffer for a specified file type.
4060	Exports the key as a ``cryptography`` key, returning either a public or private key interface based on the `_only_public` attribute.
4061	``` 
def generate_key(self, type, bits):
    Generates a key pair with the specified type and bits.
    Raises TypeError if type or bits is not an integer.
    Raises ValueError if bits is not a positive integer for RSA.
    Assigns the generated key to this object.
```
4062	Check the consistency of an RSA private key. Raises TypeError if key is public or unsupported, OpenSSL.crypto.Error if inconsistent.
4063	Get supported elliptic curves from OpenSSL library.
4064	Get, cache, and return supported elliptic curves from OpenSSL.
4065	Create a new OpenSSL EC_KEY structure for the curve using its numeric identifier (nid). Automatically manage memory by garbage collecting the structure when the Python object is garbage collected.
4066	def der(self):
    """
    Return the DER encoding of this name.
    :return: The DER encoded form of this name.
    :rtype: bytes
    """
    result_buffer = _ffi.new('unsigned char**')
    encode_result = _lib.i2d_X509_NAME(self._name, result_buffer)
    _openssl_assert(encode_result >= 0)
    string_result = _ffi.buffer(result_buffer[0], encode_result)[:]
    _lib.OPENSSL_free(result_buffer[0])
    return string_result
4067	Retrieves and returns the components of an X509 name as a list of (name, value) tuples, converting OIDs to human-readable names and handling potential NULL bytes in the values.
4068	Returns the short type name of an X.509 extension as a byte string.
4069	Returns the ASN.1 encoded data from an X509 extension.
4070	Converts a certificate request to a ``cryptography`` certificate signing request.
4071	Set the public key for a certificate signing request.
4072	Retrieve the public key from a certificate signing request (CSR) and return it as a `PKey` object.
4073	Returns a new X509Name object representing the subject of the cert signing request, modifying the request affects other X509Name objects referring to it.
4074	Add extensions to the certificate signing request. Iterate over the extensions, ensure they are `X509Extension` instances, and push them into a stack using OpenSSL functions. Finally, add the stack of extensions to the CSR. If any step fails, raise an error.
4075	Retrieves and returns a list of X.509 extensions from the certificate signing request.
4076	Verifies the signature on a certificate signing request using a public key. Returns True if the signature is correct, raises an error if it's invalid.
4077	Export certificate as a ``cryptography`` Certificate object using the ``cryptography.hazmat.backends.openssl.x509._Certificate`` class and a specified backend.
4078	Set the certificate version, zero-based, and raise an error if not an integer.
4079	Retrieves the public key from a certificate and returns it as a PKey object.
4080	Set the public key of the certificate. Raises TypeError if pkey is not a PKey instance. Calls _lib.X509_set_pubkey and asserts the result is 1.
4081	Sign the certificate with a private key using a specific digest method. Raises errors if the key is not a PKey instance, only has a public part, is uninitialized, or the specified digest method is not available.
4082	Returns the name of the signature algorithm used in the certificate as bytes. Raises ValueError if the algorithm is undefined.
4083	Calculates and returns the digest of an X509 object using the specified algorithm, formatted as a colon-separated string of hex pairs.
4084	Set the serial number of a certificate using a new integer value, handling the conversion and setting the ASN1序列号 accordingly.
4085	```
Get the serial number from an X509 certificate, converting it from ASN.1 format to a Python integer.
```
4086	Adjusts a certificate's notAfter timestamp by a specified number of seconds. Raises a TypeError if the input is not an integer.
4087	Adjusts the certificate's notBefore timestamp by a given number of seconds.
4088	Checks if a certificate has expired by comparing the 'not after' date with the current UTC date
4089	Returns the issuer of the certificate as an X509Name object, creating a new wrapper if necessary. Modifying the wrapper affects the underlying certificate and any other referring objects.
4090	Set the issuer of the certificate using the provided X509Name object and clear the issuer invalidator cache.
4091	Get the subject of the certificate as an X509Name object, modifying it affects the underlying certificate.
4092	Set the subject of the certificate using the provided X509Name object and invalidate any previous subject information.
4093	Iterate through the provided extensions, validate each as an X509Extension, and add them to the certificate using the OpenSSL library. Raise an error if any element is not an X509Extension.
4094	Retrieve a specific X509 extension by index, handling out-of-bounds errors.
4095	Adds a trusted certificate to a store, handling errors if the certificate is not valid or if the certificate is a duplicate.
4096	Adds a certificate revocation list to the store and returns None if successful.
4097	Set the verification time for certificate checks, using the provided datetime object.
4098	Initialize the store context for a verification operation with the provided store, certificate, and return an error if unsuccessful.
4099	Convert OpenSSL native context error to Python exception by extracting error details and the associated certificate.
4100	Re-initializes the store context and verifies a certificate, raising an exception if validation fails.
4101	Convert a hexadecimal string to a serial number for an X509_REVOKED object.
4102	Get the serial number of an X509_REVOKED object and return it as a hexadecimal-encoded ASCII string.
4103	Set the reason for revocation. If `reason` is `None`, delete the reason. Must be a byte string.
4104	Get the reason for a certificate revocation. Returns the reason as bytes or None. Uses OpenSSL libraries to extract and format the reason.
4105	Set the revocation timestamp for a certificate.
4106	Convert CRL to.Cryptography CRL
4107	Return a tuple of Revocation objects representing the revocations in a certificate revocation list (CRL). Each Revocation object is a deep copy of the corresponding object in the CRL, so muting it won't affect the CRL.
4108	Get the CRL's issuer as an X509Name object.
4109	"""
Sign the CRL using the provided issuer certificate, private key, and digest method. Implicitly sets the issuer's name based on the input certificates and key.
"""
4110	This method exports a CRL (Certificate Revocation List) as a byte string. It takes a certificate, a key, a type, days until the next update, and a digest method as inputs. It performs validation on the inputs, sets the last and next update times, sets the issuer name, and signs the CRL before returning the export in the specified format.
4111	Returns the type name of a PKCS7 structure as a string.
4112	Replace or set the CA certificates within the PKCS12 object with a new iterable of X509 instances, or unset them by passing None. The method ensures that only X509 instances are used and updates the internal _cacerts attribute accordingly.
4113	Export a PKCS12 object as a string using a passphrase, with specified iteration counts for encryption and MAC steps.
4114	Sign a certificate request using a private key and a message digest.
4115	Verifies a signature on a certificate request using a public key. Returns True if the signature is correct, raises an OpenSSL.crypto.Error if the signature is invalid or there was a problem verifying the signature.
4116	Generates a base64 encoded string from an SPKI object.
4117	Return the public key of this certificate as a PKey object.
4118	Sets the public key for the certificate.
4119	Converts an OpenSSL error into a Python exception by retrieving error codes and messages from the error queue and raising the specified exception type with these details.
4120	Converts text to bytes with a warning if necessary.
4121	def _print_token_factory(col):
    if stdout isatty:
        print Tokens with specified color
    else:
        print plain text
4122	Returns service metadata with options for importing labels as tags and a label template.
4123	Fetches and processes issues from a remote service, yielding them as dictionaries with additional context.
4124	Wraps `get_comments` to build taskwarrior annotations for a card.
4125	Returns a generator yielding board names to pull cards from, either using pre-defined board IDs or fetching all user boards via the Trello API.
4126	Returns filtered lists for a given board based on include and exclude configurations.
4127	Yields cards from a specified list, filtering by assigned members and unassigned status based on configuration values.
4128	Retrieves comments for a card and yields only those of type 'commentCard'.
4129	Builds the full API endpoint URL by appending a formatted path to the base URL, which is determined by the `host` attribute.
4130	Retrieves paginated data from a URL, handling authentication and potential 404 errors.
4131	Converts a Github Link header into a dictionary. Splits the field by ', ', then extracts the URI and relationship from each part.
4132	RetrieveGitHubIssues
4133	Grabs all pull requests for a given tag.
4134	Function aggregates issues from multiple targets by spinning up separate processes or threads based on debug mode. It uses a multiprocessing queue to collect and yield issues. If a critical error occurs, it terminates all processes and raises an exception.
4135	Retrieve a configuration value, applying a type conversion, or return a default if the key does not exist.
4136	Returns a dictionary of Jinja2 templates for specific Taskwarrior fields. The keys are the field names suffixed with '_template', and the values are the Jinja2 templates.
4137	```
def validate_config(cls, service_config, target):
    """ Ensure config options use correct syntax for specified target """
    for option in ['only_if_assigned', 'also_unassigned', 'default_priority', 'add_tags']:
        if service_config.has_option(target, option):
            die(f'[{target}] has a "{option}" option. Should be "{cls.CONFIG_PREFIX}.{option}"')
```
4138	def include(self, issue):
    """
    Determine if an issue should be included based on configuration settings.
    """
4139	Constructs an RST-compatible table from a grid of data.
4140	Execute a command, capture the output, and return the first line as a decoded string. If the command fails, raise an error with the error message.
4141	This method attempts to retrieve an integer value from a configuration parser. If the value is not an integer, it checks if the value is an empty string. If it is, it returns None. Otherwise, it raises a ValueError.
4142	pull tasks from forges and add to taskwarrior, handling configuration, locks, and exceptions
4143	Send a GET request to the specified URL and return the JSON response.
4144	Iterates through an object collection from the Bitbucket API, returning an iterator that lazily yields all 'values' from all pages in the collection.
4145	def find_local_uuid(tw, keys, issue, legacy_matching=False): Finds local UUID for a given issue by matching against taskwarrior tasks. Uses either issue keys or legacy description for matching. Raises MultipleMatches if multiple matches found, NotFound if no match found.
4146	Merge array field from remote_issue into local_task, appending remote entries not present in local, with optional hamming distance comparison for annotations.
4147	Function returns dictionary of configuration overrides for UDAs defined by given targets.
4148	Parse a JIRA sprint string to extract and return field-value pairs as a dictionary.
4149	Retrieves valid user credentials. If none are stored or are invalid, initiates OAuth2 flow to obtain new credentials. Stores and returns the credentials.
4150	Computes ROUGE-N scores efficiently for overlapping sequences.
4151	def calc_pvalues(query, gene_sets, background=20000, **kwargs):
 Calculates p-values for all categories in a graph using hypergeometric distribution.
4152	def fdrcorrection(pvals, alpha=0.05):
    Apply Benjamini-Hochberg FDR correction to p-values. Sort p-values, calculate empirical cumulative distribution factor (ECDF), and adjust p-values based on ECDF and alpha. Reject hypotheses for adjusted p-values less than or equal to alpha. Return boolean array indicating rejections and array of corrected p-values.
4153	Standardizes the mean and variance of a DataFrame across specified axis. If axis is None, returns the original DataFrame. Otherwise, normalizes the data along the given axis and returns the normalized DataFrame.
4154	Function to visualize a dataframe as a heatmap. It can apply z-score normalization, set custom figsize, color map, and tick labels. The heatmap can be saved to a file.
4155	function to remove spines and ticks in a matplotlib axes对象, retaining only specified spines.
4156	Create an argument parser object, define version, and add subcommand-specific parsers for GSEA, Prerank, SSGSEA, Plot, Enrichr, and Biomart.
4157	Add function 'prerank' argument parsers.
4158	Adds argument parsers for the 'replot' function, including input directory and optional weight.
4159	Add function 'enrichr' argument parsers. Define input arguments for gene list, library, organism, description, cut-off, background, and top terms. Add output figure arguments. Return the configured parser.
4160	Calculates the normalized enrichment score for a gene list, compared to a gene set, using correlations from a given vector. Optionally permutes the gene list and scales the input. Returns the enrichment scores, null distribution, hit indices, and running enrichment scores.
4161	Builds a shuffled ranking matrix for gene expression data, calculating correlations based on specified methods and sorting the results.
4162	Function to rank gene expression based on specified method, calculates correlation to class.
4163	Calculate p-value by comparing observed effect size to null distribution, using numpy for parallel computation.
4164	Compute nominal p-values, normalized enrichment scores (NES), and False Discovery Rate (FDR) q-values.
4165	Get available marts and their names, returning a DataFrame with columns "Name" and "Description".
4166	Fetch datasets from a selected mart and return a pandas DataFrame with dataset names and descriptions.
4167	Retrieve dataset attributes and return as a DataFrame with attribute names and descriptions.
4168	Get available filters from dataset and return them as a DataFrame with columns "Filter" and "Description".
4169	mapping gene IDs using BioMart with specified dataset, attributes, and filters, returning a dataframe.
4170	Run Gene Set Enrichment Analysis with specified parameters and return a GSEA object containing results.
4171	Run Gene Set Enrichment Analysis with Single Sample GSEA tool.
4172	This function runs Gene Set Enrichment Analysis using a pre-ranked correlation table and gene sets. It returns a Prerank object containing results such as enrichment scores, p-values, and leading edge genes.
4173	replot function generates new GSEA figures based on desktop results. It takes input directory, output directory, weighted score type, figure size, format, and verbosity level as parameters. The function filters out input genes based on size and creates new figures in the specified format.
4174	Determines the number of CPU cores to use, setting it to the minimum of available cores, user input, or 1, then converts the result to an integer.
4175	Load gene sets, filter by size, and store valid sets.
4176	Fetches, parses, and returns a sorted list of active Enrichr library names from a specified database using the Enrichr API.
4177	Downloads and generates Enrichr library gene sets, saves to disk, and returns a dictionary.
4178	Converts a DataFrame to a heatmap for GSEA, selecting columns based on phenotype names.
4179	Reformat GSEA results and save to text file, including enriched genes, gene set size, and metadata, with optional leading edge genes for certain modules.
4180	Reads data into a DataFrame, handles different file formats, drops duplicates, fills NA values, sets gene names as index, selects numeric columns, drops columns with zero standard deviation, and adds a small constant.
4181	run main GSEA procedure, parse data, calculate rankings, filter gene sets, compute statistics, generate reports, plot results, and clean up
4182	GSEA PRE-RANK WORKFLOW

- Asserts min_size <= max_size
- Loads rankings and filters genes
- Sets the number of cores
- Logs the start of data parsing
- Loads GMT file for gene sets
- Logs the number of gene sets used
- Computes ES, NES, pval, FDR, RES with GSEA
- Runs gseapy reports and produces figures
- Plots results if not disabled
- Logs successful run
- Cleans up temporary directory if needed
4183	Runs Single Sample GSEA workflow with permutation procedure for each sample in a dataframe
4184	runSamples method performs a GSEA (Gene Set Enrichment Analysis) on each sample in a DataFrame using multiprocessing for parallel processing. It calculates enrichment scores, processes results, saves them, and optionally plots them for each sample. The method uses a GMT file for gene sets, handles random permutations, and saves final results to a specified output directory.
4185	Save raw and normalized enrichment scores to CSV files in the specified output directory.
4186	### Summary:
This method is the main replot function that processes GSEA results files (`results.edb`, `.rnk`, `.gmt`, `.cls`) and generates plots. It validates input parameters, parses necessary files, extracts sample names, obtains gene sets and rankings, and iterates through each enrichment term in the `results.edb` file to plot the corresponding results. The plots are saved in the specified output directory.
4187	Parameters: gene_list, gene_sets, organism, description, outdir, cutoff, background, format, figsize, top_term, no_plot, verbose

Return: An Enrichr object containing the results of the query
4188	This method parses a gene_sets input file, handling lists, strings, and dictionaries to convert .gmt files to dictionaries and return a list of processed gene sets.
4189	parse gene list into genes based on input type, validate if all genes are Entrez IDs, and return genes joined by newline
4190	send gene list to enrichr server, post request to specified url, handle response and extract job_id
4191	Function compares user-provided gene list against a list retrieved from a public API. It logs and returns the count of genes successfully recognized.
4192	def get_background(self): Determines background genes from a file or a database. If a file is provided, it reads the file. If not, it downloads a dataset from a biomart database. Filters the dataset to include only genes with GO_ID and optional entrezgene. Returns a set of background genes.
4193	run enrichr for one sample gene list but multi-libraries
4194	Creates a cube primitive with optional size, centering, and color.
4195	def icosphere(script, radius=1.0, diameter=None, subdivisions=3, color=None):
    Determine sphere radius and parameters. Generate and apply icosphere filter to script. Optionally, add layer and set vertex colors.
4196	Create a torus mesh with specified major and minor radii, or inner and outer diameters. Adjust segments for resolution. Optionally set color.
4197	Defines a function to create a plane with specified vertices on its edges. Adjusts vertices based on muparser version, deforming sides and bottom. Centers and colors the plane if desired.
4198	Create a high-resolution 3D cube with customizable segments in each direction. Adjust size, segments, and appearance.
4199	Read color_names.txt and find the red, green, and blue values for a given color name. If the color is not found, return default (white) values (255, 255, 255).
4200	Function `check_list` checks if a variable is a list of the correct length. If not, it converts it into a list, repeating the first item if necessary. If the length is still incorrect, it exits the program.
4201	Converts input to a list, repeat if necessary.
4202	Write filter to FilterScript object or filename
4203	```python
def ls3loop(script, iterations=1, loop_weight=0, edge_threshold=0, selected=False):
    """Apply LS3 Subdivision Surface algorithm using Loop's weights.
    Args:
        script: the FilterScript object or script filename.
        iterations: Number of subdivision iterations.
        loop_weight: Weighting scheme for subdivision.
        edge_threshold: Threshold for edge refinement.
        selected: Apply filter to selected faces only.
    """
```
4204	Merges vertices closer than a specified threshold using MeshLab's FilterScript.
4205	def close_holes(script, hole_max_edge=30, selected=False, sel_new_face=True, self_intersection=True):
    """ Close holes smaller than hole_max_edge """
    filter_xml = ''.join([
        '  <filter name="Close Holes">\n',
        '    <Param name="maxholesize" ',
        'value="{:d}" '.format(hole_max_edge),
        'description="Max size to be closed" ',
        'type="RichInt" ',
        '/>\n',
        '    <Param name="Selected" ',
        'value="{}" '.format(str(selected).lower()),
        'description="Close holes with selected faces" ',
        'type="RichBool" ',
        '/>\n',
        '    <Param name="NewFaceSelected" ',
        'value="{}" '.format(str(sel_new_face).lower()),
        'description="Select the newly created faces" ',
        'type="RichBool" ',
        '/>\n',
        '    <Param name="SelfIntersection" ',
        'value="{}" '.format(str(self_intersection).lower()),
        'description="Prevent creation of selfIntersecting faces" ',
        'type="RichBool" ',
        '/>\n',
4206	Split non-manifold vertices until the mesh becomes two-manifold. Adjusts vertex positions based on a displacement ratio.
4207	Snap mismatched borders in adjacent patches by snapping vertices to the closest boundary edge if they are within a specified distance ratio. Vertices can be welded together if required.
4208	A function to translate a 3D script by a given vector. Converts input to list if necessary and applies translation using geometric functions. Returns None.
4209	def rotate(script, axis='z', angle=0.0):
    Converts 3D coordinates of a script based on the specified axis and angle using a geometric функци. If the axis is 'x', it applies a rotation around the x-axis. If the axis is 'y', it applies a rotation around the y-axis. If the axis is 'z', it applies a rotation around the z-axis. If an invalid axis is provided, the function prints an error message and exits.
4210	Scales a script using a geometric function with an adjustable value for each axis, ensuring accuracy over the built-in version.
4211	Converts cylindrical coordinate functions to mesh vertex coordinates.
4212	Deforms mesh around a cylinder using radius, pitch, and taper. Calculates new x, y, and z coordinates based on the given functions and applies the changes to the mesh.
4213	def bend(script, radius=1, pitch=0, taper=0, angle=0, straight_start=True, straight_end=False, radius_limit=None, outside_limit_end=True):
    """Bends mesh around cylinder with specified radius and angle, applying twist and taper as specified. Limits can be set for the bend radius and whether values outside the limit are considered part of the end or start of the bend."""
    if radius_limit is None:
        radius_limit = 2 * radius
    angle = math.radians(angle)
    segment = radius * angle
    # Define functions for x, y, and z coordinates of the vertices
    pitch_func = '-(pitch)*x/(2*pi*(radius))'
    taper_func = '(taper)*(pitch_func)'
    
    # Define x, y, and z functions based on whether to consider outside limit
    if outside_limit_end:
        x_func = 'if(x<(segment) and y<(radius_limit), if(x>0, (y+(radius)+(taper_func))*sin(x/(radius)), x), (y+(radius)+(taper_func))*sin(angle)+(x-(segment))*cos(angle))'
    else:
        x_func = 'if(x<(segment), if(x>0 and
4214	This method `deform2curve` deforms a mesh along a parametric curve. It calculates the tangent, normal, and binormal vectors at each point on the curve, then uses these to create a new point for each vertex of the mesh, effectively deforming the mesh along the curve as the z parameter increases.
4215	Transfer vertex colors to texture and create a filter script
4216	Transfer mesh colors to face colors using the FilterScript object or script filename, with an option to apply the color mapping to all visible layers.
4217	Create a resampled mesh with uniform voxel size, applying offset and various refinements.
4218	This function creates a watertight surface from oriented point sets using the Screened Poisson surface reconstruction algorithm. It takes parameters such as depth, depth full, CG depth, scale, samples per node, point weight, confidence, and pre-clean flag to customize the reconstruction process. The output is a new layer named 'Poisson mesh'.
4219	The voronoi function adds Voronoi-style holes to a mesh model using a FilterScript object. It optionally samples from a specified layer and can operate in backward mode to remove low-quality holes. The function also applies smoothing to the resulting mesh.
4220	Selects all faces and vertices of the current mesh.
4221	Select vertices and faces within the specified quality range, with an option to select only faces with all vertices within the range or any face with at least one vertex within the range.
4222	```plaintext
Function to apply a boolean selection by evaluating a script on every face in a mesh.
```
4223	Selects vertices based on a boolean function using muparser library.
4224	Select all vertices within or outside a cylindrical radius.
4225	Selects mesh vertices within a specified radius of a given center point.
4226	Flattens visible layers into a single new mesh, optionally merging vertices and deleting layers.
4227	Renames a layer in a MeshLab script. Accepts a script object or filename, a new label, and an optional layer number. If no layer number is provided, it renames the current layer. updates the layer stack with the new label.
4228	Change the current layer by specifying the new layer number. If layer_num is None, it defaults to the last layer if script is a mlx.FilterScript object, or the first layer if script is a filename. The function writes a filter to the script to change the layer and updates the current layer if the script is a mlx.FilterScript object.
4229	Duplicates a layer in a script, creating a new layer with the label '*_copy'. Changes the current layer to the new one. Supports both mlx.FilterScript objects and script filenames.
4230	Deletes all layers below the specified layer, or the current layer if none is specified.
4231	Handles a subprocess error by prompting the user to retry, continue, exit, or delete files and exit. Returns True to break the loop if continuing.
4232	Create an mlx script, write opening tags, and process STL files by changing to the appropriate layer and running clean.merge_vert. If no input files are provided, create a dummy file and delete it.
4233	Inserts a new mesh layer with a specified label at the end of the layer stack and optionally switches to it.
4234	Deletes a mesh layer at the specified index and adjusts the current layer if necessary.
4235	Saves a filter script to an mlx file, printing a warning if no filters are present.
4236	The method `run_script` runs a script to process mesh data. It handles temporary files for input and logging if no input files are provided or if no script file is specified. It also manages temporary logging files for geometry, topology, and Hausdorff distance calculations. After running the script, it parses the output and records the results. Finally, it cleans up temporary files created during the process.
4237	Main function initializes parameters for shield creation, calculates star dimensions, constructs shield front and back using annuli, creates and positions the central star, duplicates and rotates star patterns, joins all layers, applies spherical deformation, and saves the model.
4238	Computes Hausdorff Distance between two meshes by sampling points and finding their closest counterparts on the other mesh.
4239	Creates a new layer with Poisson-disk sampled points based on given parameters.
4240	Creates a new layer with a uniform random sample of mesh elements, either vertices, edges, or faces, and adds the filter to a script or script file.
4241	Create a new layer with subsampled vertices using a clustering grid. Subsampling is driven by a cell size and strategy (average or closest to center). Optionally apply to selected vertices.
4242	Flat plane parameterization with options for projection plane (XY, XZ, YZ) and aspect ratio preservation.
4243	Performs a trivial per-triangle parameterization, setting up XML filter parameters for sidedim, textdim, border, and method. Writes the filter to a script using util.write_filter.
4244	Generates a Voronoi Atlas parameterization script with specified region number and overlap flag.
4245	Computes topological measures over a mesh and writes the filter to a script.
4246	parse_topology reads an ml_log file and parses it to extract various topology metrics such as the number of vertices, edges, faces, and more. It populates a dictionary with these metrics and optionally logs or prints them to a file or standard output.
4247	Parses a Hausdorff distance log file to extract statistical data (min, max, mean, RMS distances) and optionally logs or prints the results in a formatted manner.
4248	generate rgba color for each vertex using muparser library
4249	Writes a filter script for coloring a mesh using the Voronoi diagram of a point set. Projects vertices from the source layer onto the target layer and colors the mesh based on geodesic distance from these projections. Can color forward or backward from the Voronoi diagram's frontier.
4250	Generates a repeating sinusoidal rainbow pattern on 3D mesh vertices, controlled by amplitude, frequency, and phase for RGB channels, with optional alpha channel and direction options for the sine wave.
4251	mp_atan2(y,x) returns a muparser string to calculate atan2(y,x) for older muparser versions. It handles different cases for x and y values to provide accurate results.
4252	Compute the cross product of two 3D vectors and return it as a list of strings representing the components.
4253	Multiply each element of vector v1 by scalar, returning a new vector where each element is a string representing the multiplication expression.
4254	Adds a new Per-Vertex scalar attribute to the current mesh, calculating its values using a defined function.
4255	Flips face orientation in a mesh, with options to force flipping and target only selected faces.
4256	Compute normals for point sets without using triangle connectivity. Use number of neighbors, smoothing iterations, flipping based on viewpoint, and set viewpoint position.
4257	Taubin smoothing filter for mesh surfaces. Applies iterative smoothing using lambda and mu parameters. Generates XML for filter application.
4258	Adds a depth smoothing filter to a MeshLab script, smoothing vertices along a view direction with optional selection constraint.
4259	Sorts separate line segments in OBJ format into continuous polylines and measures their lengths; returns the polyline and lengths. Not finished.
4260	Measures mesh topology by running an ML script on the input mesh file and returns various topological properties in a dictionary.
4261	Measures mesh geometry, AABB, and topology using ML scripts and logs results.
4262	Measure the dimension of a mesh along specified axes and offsets.
4263	Ensures filenames have lowercase extensions, returns entire filename if no extension exists.
4264	Patches a Flask app's request class to limit maximum upload size. If size is None, uses app's MAX_CONTENT_LENGTH setting. Returns if max_content_length is already a property.
4265	Helper function to extract configuration for a single upload set from an app's configuration. Determines the destination and base URL, with default values if not specified. Returns an UploadConfiguration object.
4266	Configures upload sets for a Flask app by setting their configurations on the app and optionally registering the uploads module if needed.
4267	Retrieves the current configuration from either `_config` attribute or the application's upload set config, raising a RuntimeError if accessed outside a request context.
4268	Returns a URL for accessing a file uploaded to a set. If a base URL is configured, it uses that; otherwise, it generates a URL using the Flask `url_for` function.
4269	Returns the absolute path of a file within an upload set, optionally specifying a subfolder.
4270	Checks if a given extension is allowed based on the config and predefined extensions, considering deny overrides allow.
4271	This method resolves file name conflicts in a target folder by appending an underscore and a number to the original basename if a file with the same name already exists. It continues to do this until it finds a unique name.
4272	Opens file, reads content, extracts version using regex, returns version or raises error if not found.
4273	Removes duplicates from a list of objects using a set to track seen object IDs.
4274	Returns the difference in count between two collections of Python objects
4275	Formats object count by extracting type and name from object representation and sorting by count in descending order.
4276	Checks and logs memory usage when a line event occurs in specified modules.
4277	Loops through a list of events, processes memory usage, and updates or appends events to a resulting list based on conditions.
4278	Returns count of objects considered profiler overhead, including self and internal event lists.
4279	Computes memory overhead by subtracting the initial RSS size from the current RSS size.
4280	Collects memory stats for a package by profiling its modules. Tracks code events, computes memory overhead, runs the package, and returns the profiler results. Ignores SystemExit exceptions.
4281	A method that returns memory stats for a module by profiling its execution.
4282	def profile_function(self): Returns memory stats for a function by tracking code events.
4283	Collects memory stats for a specified Python program by profiling object creation and differences from an initial object count. Returns a dictionary containing object counts, code events, and other profiling data.
4284	Iterates through modules in a package, returns their filenames as a set of absolute paths.
4285	Runs a function in a separate process and handles exceptions.
4286	Determines the type of a run object: function, package, or module.
4287	Initializes profiler with a module, extracts module name and path, and sets up global variables.
4288	Initializes profiler with a package, splits run_object into name and args, and sets object name with "package" suffix.
4289	def init_function(self, run_object): Initializes profiler with a function, sets run object, args, and kwargs, and creates object name with filename.
4290	Replaces sys.argv with the script object and any provided arguments.
4291	```python
# Summary: The method samples the current stack, records it in self._stats, and sets a timer for the next sample.
```
4292	Builds a call tree by inserting stack frames, updating sample counts.
4293	Counts and aggregates sample counts for each node in a call tree.
4294	Reformats call tree node for UI, calculates sample percentage, generates color hash, and recursively formats children.
4295	Builds a call tree by iterating over stack samples, inserting them into a tree structure, filling the sample count, and returning formatted tree.
4296	Runs a statistical profiler on a package, returning profiling data including call statistics and timestamps.
4297	Runs a statistical profiler on a module, captures call statistics, and returns a summary object.
4298	Runs statistical profiler on a function and returns profiling data, call stats, and other相关信息.
4299	Processes collected stats for UI, calculating cumulative and percentage times, sorting by percentage.
4300	Runs cProfile on a package, captures profiling data, and returns call statistics.
4301	Runs cProfile to profile a module and returns statistics including call counts, total time, and primitive calls.
4302	Profils a function using cProfile, captures statistics, and returns results.
4303	Initializes the database by executing schema and committing the changes.
4304	Returns all guestbook entries in descending order.
4305	Adds a guestbook entry to the database and redirects to the home page.
4306	Handler for profiling HTTP requests. routes to different functions based on the URI ('main' or 'add') and redirects to the homepage.
4307	Starts an HTTP server with specified host, port, and profiler stats. Optionally opens a browser, redirects stderr, and handles keyboard interrupts to stop the server.
4308	Reads and returns the content of index.html as text/html.
4309	Handles static file requests by reading the file and returning its content with the appropriate MIME type.
4310	Handles HTTP GET requests by compressing the content using gzip, setting appropriate headers, and sending the response.
4311	Handles HTTP POST requests by reading compressed JSON data, updating an internal profile, and sending a compressed JSON response.
4312	sends HTTP response code, message, and optional headers
4313	Checks if module path belongs to standard library or installed modules. Returns True if path matches standard library or site-packages.
4314	Records line execution time by measuring the time between 'line' events and storing the file path, line number, and runtime
4315	Iterates through lines and yields only those not from the standard library or current module, accumulating runtimes for consecutive lines from the same module.
4316	Updates execution count and heatmap dictionaries for given lines.
4317	Creates a list of lines and skips, merging consecutive skips.
4318	Calculates a heatmap for a package by running a script, collecting execution times, and formatting the results.
4319	Reads file, calculates skip map, sums run time, formats and returns heatmap data
4320	Reads source code from a file, compiles it, and profiles the execution to generate heatmaps. Returns a dictionary with object name, run time, and heatmaps.
4321	This method calculates a heatmap for a function, runs the function, and returns detailed information including the function name, run time, result, timestamp, heatmap data, execution count, source code, and run time.
4322	Runs profilers on a given object based on the configuration, collects stats, and optionally prints verbose info. Raises errors for ambiguous configs or unknown options. Returns an ordered dictionary of stats.
4323	Runs profilers on a function, executes it, sends stats to a remote host, and returns the result.
4324	def predict_proba(self, X):
    Check if X is a valid RDD and apply predict_proba from the superclass to each block.
4325	def predict_log_proba(self, X):
    """Return log-probability estimates for RDD containing test vector X."""
    if not isinstance(X, BlockRDD):
        return super(SparkBaseNB, self).predict_log_proba(X)
    check_rdd(X, (sp.spmatrix, np.ndarray))
    return X.map(lambda X: super(SparkBaseNB, self).predict_log_proba(X))
4326	Fits a Gaussian Naive Bayes model by averaging partial fits.
4327	Create a sparse feature matrix and vocabulary from analyzed documents, ignoring out-of-vocabulary items if fixed_vocab is True.
4328	Sorts features by name, reorders a matrix, and updates the vocabulary in place. Returns a mapping of old indices to new indices.
4329	Remove infrequent or frequent features from a dataset, limit the number of features, and modify the vocabulary accordingly.
4330	This method `fit_transform` processes raw text data to learn a vocabulary dictionary and generate a term-document matrix. It efficiently combines fitting and transforming steps, applies stopword removal and feature selection based on provided parameters, and returns the final document-term matrix.
4331	Transforms documents into a document-term matrix. Extracts token counts using the vocabulary fitted with fit or provided constructor. Returns a sparse matrix representing the document-term matrix.
4332	Converts the object to an equivalent StandardScaler by copying its properties.
4333	Wraps a Scikit-learn Linear model's fit method for RDD input. Maps the data, fits the model for each partition, and averages the model parameters.
4334	Wraps a Scikit-learn Linear model's predict method to use with RDD input.
4335	Fit linear model to training data (RDD of X, y) using SparkLinearRegression. Returns self.
4336	Fit the transforms in sequence, transform the data, and fit the final estimator.
4337	Fit and transform data sequentially through steps, then apply final estimator's fit_transform or fit followed by transform.
4338	Applies transformations to input data and evaluates it using the score method of the final estimator.
4339	```
The `_fit` method performs parameter search and fitting using cross-validation. It clones the estimator, iterates over parameter combinations, and evaluates each using a scoring function. Results are aggregated to determine the best parameters, which are then used to refit the estimator on the entire dataset. The method stores the best parameters, score, and fitted estimator.
```
4340	Compute the score of an estimator on a test set using a given scorer function, ensuring the result is a number.
4341	```python
def fit(self, Z):
    """Compute k-means clustering.

    Parameters
    ----------
    Z : ArrayRDD or DictRDD containing array-like or sparse matrix
        Train data.

    Returns
    -------
    self
    """
    X = Z[:, 'X'] if isinstance(Z, DictRDD) else Z
    check_rdd(X, (np.ndarray, sp.spmatrix))
    if self.init == 'k-means||':
        self._mllib_model = MLlibKMeans.train(
            X.unblock(),
            self.n_clusters,
            maxIterations=self.max_iter,
            initializationMode="k-means||"
        )
        self.cluster_centers_ = self._mllib_model.centers
    else:
        models = X.map(lambda X: super(SparkKMeans, self).fit(X))
        models = models.map(lambda model: model.cluster_centers_).collect()
        return super(SparkKMeans, self).fit(np.concatenate(models))
```
4342	This method `predict` takes an `ArrayRDD` containing array-like or sparse matrix data `X` as input and returns an `ArrayRDD` with predictions of the cluster each sample belongs to, using either a pre-existing `_mllib_model` or calling the base class's `predict` method.
4343	Distributed class method to predict labels for input samples using Spark's SGDClassifier.
4344	Checks if the RDD matches the expected data type. For BlockRDD, verifies each column's type against expected types. For DictRDD, checks if dictionary keys match expected types. Returns True if types match, False otherwise. Raises TypeError if input types are incorrect.
4345	Learn a list of feature name -> indices mappings from a DictRDD column 'X', create a vocabulary, sort it if required, and store the feature names and vocabulary.
4346	The method `fit` computes empirical variances from input data `X`. It checks if `X` is a DictRDD and extracts the 'X' column if so. The method then processes `X` using a mapper function to calculate mean and variance for each block, and a reducer function to combine these statistics across all blocks. Finally, it updates `self.variances_` with the computed variances and raises an error if all variances are below a specified threshold.
4347	Fit LSI model to X and reduce its dimensionality.
4348	def transform(self, Z): Reduces dimensionality of data in Z. Converts DictRDD if needed, checks data type, broadcasts transformation function, and applies to specified column. Returns reduced array.
4349	This function `block_collection` iterates over an input `iterator`, collecting elements into blocks of size at most `bsize` using a specified `dtype`. When a block is full or the iterator is exhausted, it yields a packed collection using `_pack_accumulated`. If `bsize` is negative, it processes the entire iterator without creating blocks.
4350	Packs an iterator of tuples into tuples of arrays or sparse matrices, optionally blocking the size of each block.
4351	def block(rdd, bsize=-1, dtype=None):
    """Blocks an RDD into numpy arrays, scipy sparse matrices, or pandas data frames based on the entries' types. Allows specifying the block size and data type. Returns a transformed RDD with added functionality."""
    entry = rdd.first()
    if isinstance(entry, dict):
        rdd = rdd.map(lambda x: list(x.values()))
        return DictRDD(rdd, list(entry.keys()), bsize, dtype)
    elif isinstance(entry, tuple):
        return DictRDD(rdd, bsize=bsize, dtype=dtype)
    elif sp.issparse(entry):
        return SparseRDD(rdd, bsize)
    elif isinstance(entry, np.ndarray):
        return ArrayRDD(rdd, bsize)
    else:
        return BlockRDD(rdd, bsize, dtype)
4352	Applies a function to each element of the RDD and returns a new RDD of the specified data type (defaults to the original class type if no specified dtype). Supports conversion to ArrayRDD, SparseRDD, or BlockRDD based on the dtype argument.
4353	Returns the shape of the data by summing the shapes of each element and combining it with the shape of the first element.
4354	Converts the data into a NumPy array by mapping each partition to an array and concatenating the results.
4355	Applies a function to specified column(s) of a DictRDD, returning a new DictRDD with the transformed data. Handles optional dtype parameter for type conversion.
4356	def bitperm(s, perm, pos): Convert file permissions to bitmask.
4357	Check if a file is writable only by root by examining file permissions.
4358	Function checks configuration file and prints success message if valid.
4359	Read config file, parse, validate, and update instance.
4360	Generate arguments to execute a command as a user with an option for a specific shell.
4361	Runs a command in a subprocess with optional directory and timeout, handling errors and decoding output.
4362	Executes a command on a remote machine using SSH.
4363	Validate `self.data`. Raise `InvalidConfig` if `content-type` or `body` is used with invalid `method`. Normalize `content-type` aliases. If `content-type` is `form`, parse `body` as JSON.
4364	Return a dictionary of HTTP headers by combining default headers and any user-provided headers.
4365	Return "data" value from self.data if available, else use default_body. If data is a dict, convert it to JSON.
4366	Override get_url to append '/api/events/{event}' to the base URL if the 'event' option is provided, raising an error otherwise.
4367	Method to generate URL for IFTTT Webhook, raising exceptions if necessary configuration is missing.
4368	Get source MAC address from packet, add " (Amazon Device)" if in banned or Amazon devices list.
4369	Register source MAC to avoid repetition, print device info with color coding based on content.
4370	Print help and scan devices on screen.
4371	Execute and run the device, handling exceptions and providing confirmation messages.
4372	Sends a success or error message to a configured confirmation interface, handling exceptions by logging errors.
4373	def on_push(self, device):
    """Press button, check delay, execute if allowed.

    :param scapy.packet.Packet device: Scapy packet
    :return: None
    """
    src = device.src.lower()
    if last_execution[src] + self.settings.get('delay', DEFAULT_DELAY) > time.time():
        return
    last_execution[src] = time.time()
    self.execute(device)
4374	Executes a device using Scapy packet, starts a new thread for execution if the time between executions is greater than DEFAULT_DELAY.
4375	Initiates daemon mode, setting root_allowed flag, and scans devices using on_push callback, device presence check, and interface setting.
4376	Converts OFX transaction to a posting, handling both standard and investment transactions with different posting rules.
4377	Returns the path to the main ledger file, first checking the environment variable LEDGER_FILE, then the .ledgerrc file, and finally returning None if not found.
4378	Install development and dependencies, then run tests.
4379	Transforms README.md into a usable long description by replacing relative references to SVG images with absolute HTTPS URLs.
4380	Return a PrecalculatedTextMeasurer from a JSON stream.
4381	This method returns a default instance of PrecalculatedTextMeasurer, either from a cached instance or by loading JSON data from a resource file. If the cached instance exists, it is returned. If not, the method checks for the existence of a compressed or uncompressed JSON resource and loads the appropriate file to create a new instance. If neither file is found, a ValueError is raised.
4382	Creates a GitHub-style badge as an SVG image, with optional left and right text, links, and colors, and optional logo embedding.
4383	Reads a font file, yields Unicode characters supported by the font
4384	Generates subset of characters encodeable by specified encodings.
4385	Maps characters to their pixel lengths using a TextMeasurer.
4386	Write JSON data to a stream containing character and kerning information.
4387	Convolve a 2D image with a 1D Gaussian kernel along both dimensions.
4388	Generates a 1D Gaussian kernel for image processing.
4389	Converts a PIL image to a grayscale numpy array and an alpha numpy array if present.
4390	Parses command-line arguments to compare an image with a list of images using the SSIM metric. Computes SSIM either using the complex wavelet variant or the Gaussian kernel variant based on user input. Outputs the SSIM value(s) to the standard output.
4391	Compute SSIM from reference to target image using Gaussian kernel, convolve, and calculate mean of SSIM map.
4392	Computes Structural Similarity Index (SSIM) between two images using a Gaussian kernel.
4393	Stop autoTickThread and close connections when destroying SyncObj.
4394	Prompts a node to switch to a new code version, checking for version validity and executing a callback function on completion.
4395	Returns a dictionary containing various statuses and metrics about a cluster's configuration and state.
4396	Logs cluster status information using the default logger.
4397	Find the node associated with a given connection. Return the node if found, else return None.
4398	Attempt to bind the server if it is not already bound, is not a read-only node, and enough time has passed since the last attempt. If successful, set server as ready and signal bind completion. If binding fails and reaches max retries, signal bind failure and raise TransportNotReadyError.
4399	Adds incoming connection to a set, sets encryptor if available, and attaches callbacks for message reception and disconnection.
4400	Handles initial messages on incoming connections. Encrypts the connection, processes utility messages, and associates the connection with a Node. Passes further messages to the onMessageReceived callback.
4401	callback for utility messages; handles command results and errors, sends response to connection
4402	Check if the node is an instance of TCPNode, not in the preventConnectNodes list, and either the selfNode is readonly or the selfNode's address is greater than the node's address.
4403	Check if a connection exists and is not disconnected; if not, connect if allowed and within retry time.
4404	Handles encryption for outgoing connections. If encryption is enabled, sets up a callback to process the sendRandKey and sends the received random key. If encryption is disabled, sends node address or 'readonly' message and triggers onNodeConnected callback.
4405	Sets up a callback for outgoing messages, handles key exchange if encryption is enabled, and passes control to other callbacks once connected.
4406	Def handle disconnection. Remove conn from unknown, find node. If node exists, call disconnected callbacks and attempt reconnect or handle readonly case.
4407	Add a node to the network, establish a TCP connection if applicable, and store references to the node and connection.
4408	Drops a node by removing its connection, preventing reconnection, and updating node sets.
4409	Send a message to a connected node and return True if successful, False if the connection is lost before or after sending.
4410	Destroy transport by clearing callbacks, dropping nodes, unbinding server, and disconnecting unknown connections.
4411	Adds an item to the queue if there is space. Returns True if successful, False if the queue is full.
4412	Enqueue an item using a heap, return True if successful, False if queue is full.
4413	Extract the smallest item from queue, return default if empty.
4414	Attempt to acquire a lock with an ID.
4415	Check if a lock is acquired by the current object.
4416	Release a previously-acquired lock with options for synchronous operation, callback, and timeout.
4417	Decorator that wraps functions and returns an error response if an exception occurs, logging the check name and any associated argument.
4418	Decorator to ensure a valid token is provided in the request, either through the "Authorization" header or a GET parameter, for specified views.
4419	Sets Elasticsearch hosts with optional SSL connection.
4420	Create Elasticsearch indexes with specified names and settings. If no settings are provided, default settings (1 shard, 1 replica) are used. Raises an error if the index creation fails.
4421	Updates index mappings for aggregate indexes by changing the "published_policy.fo" field from "long" to "text" with a keyword subfield.
4422	Duplicates `org_name`, `org_email`, and `report_id` from `report_metadata` into the root of the JSON structure and removes the `report_metadata` key.
4423	Saves multiple aggregate DMARC reports to a Kafka topic, transforming each report and its slices to include necessary metadata before sending. Raises KafkaError if topic or partition issues occur during the process.
4424	Extracts XML from a file, file-like object, or bytes. Handles zip, gzip, and XML file formats. Raises InvalidAggregateReport for invalid file types or decoding errors. Returns extracted XML as a string.
4425	Parses an aggregate DMARC report file and returns a dictionary containing the parsed data.
4426	Converts parsed forensic reports to flat CSV format, including headers.
4427	Parses a DMARC report file, which can be a path, file-like object, or bytes. Handles both aggregate and forensic reports, optionally using custom nameservers, adjusting DNS timeout, and stripping attachment payloads. Returns the parsed report as an OrderedDict, or raises an InvalidDMARCReport if invalid.
4428	Retrieves and cleans a list of an IMAP server's capabilities.
4429	Saves parsing results to JSON and CSV files in the specified directory, also handles sample EML files.
4430	Creates a zip file from parsed results. Converts results to a temporary directory, walks through the directory, adds files and subdirectories to the zip file, and returns the zip file bytes.
4431	Sends parsing results as a zip file via email using SMTP, handling SSL/TLS connections and various exceptions.
4432	Saves aggregate DMARC reports to Splunk. Converts reports to JSON format, constructs HTTP POST request, and handles exceptions.
4433	Sends forensic reports to Splunk, handling both single and list inputs. Prepares data, constructs JSON, and posts to Splunk endpoint, verifying SSL unless disabled. Raises exceptions on errors.
4434	Defakes base64 encoded string, handling padding.
4435	Determines the base domain of a given domain using a public suffix list. Checks if an updated list is needed and downloads it if necessary. Uses either a cached or updated PSL to extract the base domain.
4436	Performs reverse DNS lookup to resolve an IP address to a hostname. Uses optional cache, custom nameservers, and timeout. Returns the resolved hostname or None.
4437	Converts a human-readable timestamp into a Python `DateTime` object, optionally converting it to UTC.
4438	The `get_ip_address_country()` function returns the ISO code for the country associated with a given IP address using the MaxMind Geolite2 Country database. It first searches for the database in predefined system paths. If not found, it downloads the database, extracts it, and stores it. The function supports parallel processing, but a warning is issued if attempting to download in parallel mode.
4439	Retrieves reverse DNS and country info for an IP address, caching results if provided.
4440	Converts an Outlook MSG file to RFC 822 format using `msgconvert` Perl utility.
4441	Converts a comma-separated string to a list, removing leading whitespace from each element.
4442	Parse and process a report file, handling exceptions and updating a global counter.
4443	Drain a connection by putting all subscriptions into a drain state, waiting for publishers to complete, and then closing the connection. Optionally, can drain a specific subscription by passing an SID.
4444	Sends a PUB command with the given subject and payload, checking for connection status and payload size constraints.
4445	Sends a message with a reply subscription, raising errors for closed connections or draining publications if necessary, and ensuring the payload size does not exceed the maximum allowed.
4446	Sends a PUB command to the NATS server with the given subject, reply, payload, and payload size, updating stats and sending the command.
4447	Sets the subscription to use asynchronous processing for messages.
4448	Removes a subscription by sequence ID, optionally waits for a certain number of messages before removing, and yields auto-unsubscriptions if not reconnecting.
4449	Sends a ping to the server, waits for a pong, measures round-trip time, and raises an error if no pong is received within the specified timeout, also checks if the connection is closed and if the timeout is negative.
4450	Attempts to connect to the next available server in the pool, reconnecting up to a maximum number of attempts with a backoff if the last connection attempt was recent. Raises an ErrNoServers exception if no servers are available.
4451	This method processes an error message received from a server, checks for specific error types, handles them accordingly, and then closes the connection with the server. If the error is due to a stale connection, it processes an operation error and returns. If the error indicates an authorization violation, it sets an authorization error. For other errors, it creates a custom NATs error. If not already connecting, it sets a flag to call callbacks before closing the connection.
4452	Handles protocol errors by either attempting to reconnect if allowed or disconnecting.
4453	Generates a JSON string with connection parameters and returns it as a byte string for sending to the server.
4454	Populates a future object with a result of True when a PONG is received, updates pong and ping counters accordingly.
4455	Process incoming MSG by updating stats, checking for subscriptions, building messages, and handling slow consumers or queue overflow.
4456	Process INFO lines to reconfigure client with latest updates from cluster, filter and add new server URLs to the server pool if necessary, optionally randomize the order.
4457	Process INFO, authenticate, setup tasks, connect, handle errors, and start reading.
4458	Coroutine that continuously attempts to consume and flush pending commands to the socket, handling errors and cancellations.
4459	Coroutine that reads bytes from a server, parsing them with a protocol parser, and handles errors like protocol issues or I/O errors. Stops running on connection close, reconnect, or EOF.
4460	Computes and saves a coactivation map for a given seed region in a dataset.
4461	```plaintext
The `decode` method decodes a set of images using specified decoding methods like Pearson correlation, dot product, or ROI association. It processes a single image file, a list of image files, or a NumPy array of image data. The method can round the results to a specified number of decimal places and optionally save the results to a CSV file. Names for the columns in the output can be provided or automatically generated. The output is returned as a pandas DataFrame.
```
4462	Load feature data from a 2D array and initialize feature names.
4463	Load image features from files
4464	Computes Pearson correlation between input images and feature images across voxels.
4465	Computes the dot product of transposed input images with feature images and transposes the result.
4466	Uses regex to determine feature selection method, either K-best or random best. Applies method to select features based on input parameters and returns the selected features.
4467	The function `get_studies_by_regions` sets up data for a classification task using a set of Nifti masks. It retrieves studies activated by each mask at a specified threshold, optionally removes overlapping studies, filters by user-defined studies and features, and returns the data as a feature matrix (X) and class labels (y).
4468	Returns list of indices indicating the order of requested features in the given dataset.
4469	```
Function to perform classification on specified regions in a Neurosynth dataset using masks. 

Input:
- dataset: Neurosynth dataset
- masks: list of Nifti mask paths
- method: classification method ('SVM', 'ERF', 'Dummy')
- threshold: voxel activity threshold
- remove_overlap: bool to exclude overlapping studies
- regularization: type of regularization ('scale' or None)
- output: output type ('summary', 'summary_clf', 'clf')
- studies: optional list of study names to constrain classification
- features: optional list of feature names to constrain classification
- class_weight: class weighting parameter
- classifier: optional sci-kit learn classifier
- cross_val: type of cross-validation
- param_grid: grid of parameters for GridSearchCV
- scoring: evaluation metric

Output:
- tuple of (X, y) where X is a feature by studies matrix and y is a vector of class labels
```
4470	Wrapper for scikit-learn classification functions. Implements classification and cross-validation using specified parameters and returns model, score, class count, and other details based on output type.
4471	The `fit` method takes training data `X` and outcomes `y`, sets the class weight based on `class_weight` parameter, and fits the classifier `clf` to the data. It then returns the fitted classifier.
4472	```python
def set_class_weight(self, class_weight='auto', y=None):
    """ Sets class_weight for the classifier based on the target labels """
```
4473	The `cross_val_fit` method fits a model to data using cross-validation and optionally feature selection. It sets the class weight, selects a cross-validator based on the input, performs cross-validated classification, and calculates the mean score. If feature selection is used, it selects features and refits the model with the selected features before returning the mean score.
4474	Trains a machine learning classifier using either features or voxels from a dataset, fitting them to targets y.
4475	Calculates the average value of voxels within each region of interest in a dataset, optionally applying a threshold and removing zero regions.
4476	Randomly selects a subset of voxels from a dataset and returns their corresponding data.
4477	Generates a list of top forty words for each topic in a trained topic model.
4478	Calculate Pearson correlation between 1D vector x and each row of 2D array y.
4479	Sort p values, calculate null threshold, find maximum p below null, return threshold or -1 if none found.
4480	Loads activation data from a text file, processes it by ensuring mandatory columns exist, transforming coordinates to the target space if necessary, and converting from XYZ to IJK coordinates.
4481	Creates an ImageTable instance for the current Dataset, using an optional smoothing kernel radius. If r is provided, it updates the radius; otherwise, it uses the current radius.
4482	ได้แก่:

```
Returns_subset_of_studies_meeting_specific_criteria
```
4483	Adds new features to a FeatureTable. If 'append' is True, features are added incrementally; if False, they replace existing ones. Additional parameters control the merging behavior, handling duplicates, and setting minimum study thresholds.
4484	Returns the names of features. If no features are specified, returns all features. Otherwise, returns the order of specified features.
4485	Returns a dictionary mapping feature names to the number of studies with counts thresholded at or above a specified value.
4486	Load a pickled Dataset instance from file, handle string encoding issues for Python3, and convert feature table to SDF format if present.
4487	Pickles the Dataset instance to the provided file, converting feature_table to CSR format before pickling and back to SDF format afterward.
4488	Retrieves a subset of image data by optionally filtering by study IDs and voxel indices. Can return either a dense or sparse matrix. Warns if retrieving all data.
4489	Returns a subset of feature data based on specified study ids and features, optionally converting the result to a dense array.
4490	Find features in 'data' that match 'features', return them in order.
4491	Returns list or dict of study IDs based on feature criteria.
4492	The `search_features` method takes a string or list of strings as input and returns a list of feature names from the data that match any of the input elements. It handles wildcards by replacing `*` with `.*` and uses regular expressions to perform the matching.
4493	def get_ids_by_expression(self, expression, threshold=0.001, func=np.sum): 
    Use PEG to parse expression, return study IDs based on threshold and func.
4494	Convert FeatureTable to SciPy CSR matrix by first converting data to dense format, then storing column and index as lists, and finally converting values to a CSR matrix.
4495	Decorator to issue deprecation warnings with optional custom messages.
4496	Converts coordinates from one space to another using the provided transformation matrix by inverting the matrix and transforming the coordinates.
4497	Converts N x 3 XYZ coordinates to matrix indices by applying a linear transformation.
4498	Apply a named transformation to a set of foci. If the transformation exists, apply it; otherwise, return the original foci and log a message.
4499	def mask(self, image, nan_to_num=True, layers=None, in_global_mask=False):
    """Vectorize an image and mask out invalid voxels. Returns a 1D NumPy array of in-mask voxels, with NaNs replaced by 0 if nan_to_num is True. Uses specified layers or all layers if None. Returns masked data in global or full image space based on in_global_mask."""
    self.set_mask(layers)
    image = self.get_image(image, output='vector')
    if in_global_mask:
        masked_data = image[self.global_mask]
        masked_data[~self.get_mask(in_global_mask=True)] = 0
    else:
        masked_data = image[self.current_mask]
    if nan_to_num:
        masked_data = np.nan_to_num(masked_data)
    return masked_data
4500	def get_mask(self, layers=None, output='vector', in_global_mask=True):
    """ Set the current mask by combining specified layers.

    Args:
        layers: Layers to include. If None, uses all layers.
        output: Output format ('vector' or 'matrix').
        in_global_mask: Whether to include the global mask.

    Returns:
        Combined mask.
    """
    if layers is None:
        layers = self.layers.keys()
    elif not isinstance(layers, list):
        layers = [layers]

    layers = [self.layers[l] for l in layers if l in self.layers]

    if in_global_mask:
        layers.append(self.full)
        layers = np.vstack(layers).T.astype(bool)
        mask = layers.all(axis=1)
        return self.get_image(mask, output)
    else:
        mask = np.vstack(layers).T.astype(bool)
        return mask.all(axis=1)
```
4501	def(load_imgs(filenames, masker, nan_to_num=True):
    """ Load images from file into a NumPy array, optionally converting NaNs to zero.
    
    Args:
      filenames: A filename or list of filenames.
      masker: A Masker instance.
      nan_to_num: Convert NaNs to zero if True.
    
    Returns:
      An ndarray of shape (m, n) where m is the number of voxels in the mask and n is the number of images.
    """
4502	Saves a vectorized image to a file using NIfTI format, applying a mask and updating header metadata with data type and min/max values.
4503	Set the logging level for neurosynth. If no level is provided, it will use the level from the environment variable NEUROSYNTH_LOGLEVEL. If the environment variable is not set, it defaults to 'warn'. The function returns the effective logging level.
4504	Expand an address into normalized strings with optional language detection, component filters, and various text transformations.
4505	Normalizes a string, tokenizes it, and applies options to each token using libpostal's deterministic normalizations. Optionally removes parentheticals and returns tokens with their types.
4506	def parse_address(address, language=None, country=None):
    """
    Parses an address into components.

    Converts input address to UTF-8 if necessary and delegates parsing to a helper function.
    """
    address = safe_decode(address, 'utf-8')
    return _parser.parse_address(address, language=language, country=country)
4507	This method `near_dupe_hashes` takes arrays of address components and labels, and returns normalized strings for comparison. It offers various optional parameters to customize the hashing process, including language handling, components to include in the hashes, and geospatial qualifiers. The method uses helper functionality from another module `_near_dupe.near_dupe_hashes` to perform the actual hashing.
4508	Converts a dictionary to a namedtuple for memory efficiency.
4509	Retrieves ticker prices for a given stock symbol, with optional start and end dates, format (json or csv), and frequency. Parses response accordingly.
4510	Return a DataFrame of historical prices for one or more ticker symbols with optional parameters for date range, metric, and frequency.
4511	Method to retrieve bulk news data either for available file IDs or for a specific file ID. Returns data in JSON or object format.
4512	Make HTTP request and return response object.
4513	Fetch client bearer token using client_id and client_secret. Encode credentials, make POST request to Spotify API, return JSON response.
4514	Sends an HTTP request to the Spotify API, handling authentication, retries, and specific error codes.
4515	Returns tracks from an album by its Spotify ID, specifying limits, offsets, and optional market filtering.
4516	Get a Spotify artist by their ID using a GET request to the '/artists/{spotify_id}' endpoint.
4517	Get an artist's albums by their Spotify ID, with optional parameters for including groups, limiting results, offsetting, and specifying a market.
4518	Retrieve an artist's top tracks by country using their Spotify ID.
4519	Get related artists for an artist by their ID.
4520	Get Spotify artists by their IDs using a GET request.
4521	Retrieve a single Spotify category by ID, optionally filtering by country and locale.
4522	Get a list of Spotify playlists in a specific category, with optional parameters for limit, offset, and country.
4523	Retrieves a list of categories used to tag items in Spotify, with optional parameters for limiting the number of results, specifying an offset, filtering by country, and setting the locale.
4524	Gets a list of Spotify featured playlists with optional parameters for locale, country, timestamp, limit, and offset.
4525	Fetches new album releases from Spotify with optional parameters for limit, offset, and country.
4526	Retrieve recommendations based on seed artists, genres, and tracks, with optional filters for market and track attributes.
4527	Check user following status for artists or users.
4528	Fetches a list of an artist's albums with optional parameters for limiting the results, offset, including specific album groups, and market.
4529	Loads an artist's albums asynchronously, handling pagination, and returns a list of Album objects.
4530	The method `total_albums` fetches the total number of albums for an artist from a client, optionally filtered by a market, and returns the count.
4531	```python
async def related_artists(self) -> List[Artist]:
    """Retrieve similar artists based on community listening history.

    Returns a list of related artist objects.
    """
```
4532	Get the user's currently playing track and return context and track as a tuple.
4533	```async def get_player(self) -> Player: Fetches the user's current playback information and returns a Player object.```
4534	Get device information asynchronously and return a list of Device objects.
4535	Retrieve the user's recently played tracks and return a list of dictionaries containing the timestamp, track, and context information. Each dictionary is structured as {'timestamp': ISO8601, 'track': Track, 'context': Context}.
4536	Replaces all tracks in a playlist with new ones.
4537	Reorders tracks in a playlist. Takes playlist ID, start position, insert before position, and optionally length and snapshot ID. Returns new snapshot ID.
4538	```plaintext
Creates a new playlist for a Spotify user with optional parameters for public, collaborative, and description.
Returns the created playlist.
```
4539	Fetches the user's playlists from Spotify, allowing for limiting and offsetting the results. Returns a list of Playlist objects.
4540	async def get_tracks(self, *, limit: Optional[int] = 20, offset: Optional[int] = 0) -> List[Track]:
    Fetch tracks from an album on Spotify.
    Returns:
    List[Track]: A list of tracks.
4541	Loads all tracks from an album, handling pagination up to the total number of tracks. Uses optional market parameter for Track Relinking. Returns a list of Track objects.
4542	Generate an OAuth2 URL for user authentication with optional parameters for redirect URI, scope, and state.
4543	Retrieve an album by its Spotify ID asynchronously, optionally specifying a market. Returns an Album object.
4544	Retrieves artist information from Spotify using a given ID asynchronously and returns an Artist object.
4545	Retrieves a track by its Spotify ID.
4546	Get a user object by their Spotify ID.
4547	Retrieves multiple albums using a list of Spotify IDs and an optional market code. Returns a list of Album objects.
4548	Retrieve multiple Artists using a list of Spotify IDs
4549	This method performs a search query on Spotify and returns results based on the specified types, limit, offset, and market.
4550	Converts a Spotify URI or open.spotify URL to a Spotify ID.
4551	Decorator to assert an object has an attribute, raising a custom exception if the attribute is missing.
4552	Constructs an OAuth2 object from a `spotify.Client` by extracting the client ID.
4553	Constructs an OAuth2 URL with optional parameters.
4554	Return URL parameters based on object attributes and conditionally include optional parameters.
4555	Joins key-value pairs from self.attrs into URL parameters.
4556	Formats partial tracks data into Track objects and returns a list of them
4557	Asynchronously fetches all tracks from a playlist by repeatedly requesting chunks of up to 50 tracks until all are retrieved, updates the total tracks count, and returns them as a list.
4558	Resume playback on the user's account, optionally targeting a specific device. If no device is specified, the currently active device is used.
4559	Transfers playback to a new device and controls whether it should start playing.
4560	```python
async def from_href(self):
    """Fetch a Spotify object from the given href."""
    if not hasattr(self, 'href'):
        raise TypeError('No href attribute')
    
    if hasattr(self, 'http'):
        return await self.http.request(('GET', self.href))
    
    cls = type(self)
    client = getattr(self, '_{0}__client'.format(cls.__name__))
    if not client:
        raise TypeError('No HTTPClient available')
    http = client.http
    
    data = await http.request(('GET', self.href))
    return cls(client, data)
```
4561	Checks domain and IP validation, updates test data, fetches HTTP code and WHOIS record if needed, extracts expiration date if valid domain, and logs pertinent information. Returns status, WHOIS record, or None.
4562	Converts or shortens a given month into the unified format.
4563	Reads code in the PyFunceble and tests directories, updates links, and ignores specific files.
4564	This method checks if the current version is greater than the older version by comparing them using the `check_versions` function from the `Version` class. If the comparison returns a value that is not `None` and is `False`, it means the current version is greater, and the method returns `True`. Otherwise, it returns `False`.
4565	Checks if the current Git branch is `dev` by running `git branch` and looking for a line starting with `* dev`.
4566	Check if the current version is greater than the version in version.yaml and return True if it is, otherwise return False.
4567	Backup current state by saving the execution counter for tested items, including "up", "down", and "invalid" counts, and update the backup content with this information before saving it to a JSON log file.
4568	Restore data from a given path. If auto-continue is enabled and there is backup content, update counters for up, down, invalid, and tested statuses based on the backup.
4569	Check if a given line matches any of a list of regex patterns and return True if it does, indicating the line should be ignored.
4570	Handle options by extracting domains using regex, filtering based on aggressive mode, and returning the list.
4571	Extracts the base of a given element, handling lists, URLs, and paths. If a URL, returns the base; if a path, returns the first directory; otherwise, returns the element as-is.
4572	Extracts and formats adblock lines, splitting on special characters, and validates domains, IPs, and URLs before appending to a result list.
4573	### Summary:
Attempt to retrieve the HTTP status code for a URL. Handles exceptions to return None if unsuccessful.
4574	```
Check if HTTP code extraction is active. If so, get the HTTP code and validate it against allowed codes. Return the valid code or "***" if not found. If extraction is not active, return None.
```
4575	Check if a given domain is a string and validate its syntax, returning True if valid and False otherwise. Return None if the domain is empty or not a string.
4576	Check if a given domain is a subdomain. Return True if it is, False otherwise, or None if the input is invalid. Load configuration before checking.
4577	Check IPv4 syntax; return validity as bool or None
4578	Function `is_ipv4_range` checks if the given string IP is an IP range. It returns `True` if it is, `False` otherwise, or `None` if the input is invalid.
4579	Checks if the given URL is valid syntax. Returns True if valid, False if invalid, or None if the URL is empty or not a string.
4580	def load_config(under_test=False, custom=None):
    Loads the configuration. Optionally, it can update the configuration with custom values and ensure the output directory is initialized if not under test.
4581	Print a friendly message under certain conditions.
4582	def _entry_management_url_download(self, passed):
    """
    Checks if passed string is a valid URL. If it is, downloads and updates file location for testing.

    :param passed: URL string to check.
    :type passed: str

    :return: True if URL is valid and file is successfully downloaded or exists; False otherwise.
    :rtype: bool
    """

    if passed and self.checker.is_url_valid(passed):
        file_to_test = passed.split("/")[-1]

        if not PyFunceble.path.isfile(file_to_test) or PyFunceble.INTERN["counter"]["number"]["tested"] == 0:
            Download(passed, file_to_test).text()

        PyFunceble.INTERN["file_to_test"] = file_to_test
        return True

    return False
4583	如果 `self.url_file` 存在且无法通过 `_entry_management_url_download` 方法下载，则将 `self.url_file` 设置为 `PyFunceble.INTERN["file_to_test"]`。
4584	Check if quiet mode is off and header hasn't been printed; print appropriate header based on "less" config, update header print status.
4585	Manages file-related systems for testing elements: processes mining, updates databases based on status, handles autosave, and resets counters upon completion.
4586	Manage domain testing. Set domain to test, check if syntax mode is active, retrieve status, run file decision logic, optionally print results, return domain and status or None.
4587	This method manages URL testing, setting the URL to test, checking configurations, performing status checks, running decision logic, and optionally printing or returning the results.
4588	Prints a colored.logo based on the config and counters.
4589	该方法格式化提取的域名，去除噪声并仅返回可用于测试的域名或IP地址。如果行以`#`开头，则视为注释行，返回空字符串。否则，去除行末注释和额外空格，并返回第一个非空元素作为测试域名。
4590	Read a file, filter out commented lines, and return the remaining lines as a list.
4591	Manage file paths for testing, handle IDNA conversion, apply sorting, remove duplicates, and test domains.
4592	def file_url(self):
    """
    Manages testing a file by filtering and processing a list of URLs.
    """
4593	Toggles a configuration variable between True and False, or raises an exception if the variable is not a boolean. If the custom parameter is True, it uses the provided variable directly instead of looking it up in the configuration.
4594	Get test status for IP or domain. Check if "to_test" is in PyFunceble.INTERN and not empty. Retrieve expiration date using ExpirationDate().get(). If expiration date is False, return "invalid". If expiration date matches "up", return (expiration_date, "WHOIS"). Otherwise, return "inactive". Raise NotImplementedError if "to_test" is not set.
4595	Parse status, generate file, return status.
4596	This method retrieves a structure for the current context, either from a local file or a remote link, and updates it using a configuration file.
4597	The method creates a directory if it doesn't exist, handling nested directories recursively and updating permissions under Travis CI.
4598	This method deletes unused directories not registered in a structure. It first retrieves the structure and lists the keys as directories to keep. Then, it navigates through the parent directory and deletes subdirectories not found in the structure.
4599	Define a method to set configuration file paths, return the parsed and default paths.
4600	Load configuration from .PyFunceble.yaml, install latest iana, psl, and directory structure files, or copy default config if not found.
4601	Download production configuration and install it in the current directory.
4602	Checks if `iana-domains-db.json` exists, downloads if not, returns download status.
4603	Checks if `public-suffix.json` exists locally, if not, downloads it from a version-specific URL and returns the content. If already exists and in cloned version, returns None.
4604	Download the latest version of dir_structure_production.json.
4605	Merges the upstream and CONFIGURATION dictionaries into a new dictionary, then removes any specified keys.
4606	if auto configuration environment variable is not set, prompt user to choose whether to merge default configuration; if yes, merge and save, print done message; if no, raise exception; if auto configuration environment variable is set, merge and save.
4607	def split_versions(version, return_non_digits=False):
    Split the version string into digits and non-digits. If return_non_digits is True, return both. Else, return only the digits.

    :param version: str - The version string to split.
    :param return_non_digits: bool - Whether to return non-digit parts.
    :return: tuple[list, str] - Split digits and non-digits or just digits.
4608	Compare two version lists. Returns True if local < upstream, None if equal, False if local > upstream.
4609	This method checks if the current version of the project is a cloned version (development mode) by verifying the existence of specific files and directories. If any file or directory is missing, it returns False; otherwise, it returns True.
4610	Ensure `http_code` and `referer` keys exist in `PyFunceble.INTERN`, setting default values if they are missing.
4611	Builds the path to the analytic directory based on the domain's status.
4612	Generate unified file based on configuration. If unified is enabled, construct path and print less or generic information to file.
4613	Generates a file based on domain status, increasing percentage count, printing on screen, and generating files or unified files based on configuration.
4614	Check if production is allowed based on the presence of an inactive status, specific domain statuses, and whether the item is in the test list. Returns True if conditions are met, False otherwise.
4615	Extracts and processes domain extensions from a given line, updating the public suffix database accordingly.
4616	Load the public suffix database into the system
4617	Remove special characters and return formatted string.
4618	The `hierarchical` method sorts a domain hierarchically, with the top-level domain (TLD) first and the domain name parts in reverse order. It handles different cases, including URLs and domain extensions, and uses regular expressions to format the output.
4619	If the IANA database is not loaded, update it with the database content.
4620	Get the whois server for a given domain extension by parsing its IANA record.
4621	Extracts domain extensions and their referers from a web page response. Returns a generator of tuples with extension and referer.
4622	Update the content of the `iana-domains-db` file by iterating through extensions and referers, adding new entries or updating existing ones, and saving the changes to a JSON file. If not in quiet mode, print the update action and completion status.
4623	Search for domain or URL related to the original URL or domain, return mined domains or URL as dict if mining is activated and no errors occur.
4624	The _retrieve method checks if mining is enabled. If it is and a backup file exists, it reads the file, cleans empty elements, and stores the data in PyFunceble.INTERN["mined"]. If mining is disabled or the file doesn't exist, it sets PyFunceble.INTERN["mined"] to an empty dictionary and returns nothing.
4625	Backup the mined information if mining is enabled.
4626	Adds data to the mined database if mining is enabled and the file is not already in the database, then updates or initializes the data and formats it to avoid duplicates, finally backing up the updated data.
4627	Remove the currently tested element from the mining data if mining is activated and the file is in the mined database. Iterate through the mined index, remove the globally tested element from the read element content if present, and backup everything.
4628	Retrieves and formats a list of mined domains or URLs if mining is enabled and the file is in the mining database.
4629	If mining is enabled, process the logic and structuration of the mining database, store the mined data, and back it up.
4630	Retrieves and returns the content of a log file as a dictionary. Returns an empty dictionary if the file does not exist.
4631	Write the content dictionary as JSON to the specified file, unless file output is disabled.
4632	```plaintext
Logs the WHOIS record if needed, appending it to a log file with debug and logs subsystems enabled.
```
4633	Logs the extracted expiration date with domain and whois server information, writes to a file, and optionally shares logs with an API.
4634	Logs the case of a missing referer for a domain being tested.
4635	Print generation info and date to a file if allowed and doesn't exist.
4636	def _header_constructor(cls, data_to_print, header_separator="-", column_separator=" "): Constructs a table header with specified separators and column sizes, returning a list with the formatted header and separator.
4637	### Mgmt and creation of templates for header.
- Checks if header should be printed based on configuration and template type.
- Determines content of header based on template (e.g., generic, up, valid, down, etc.).
- Removes unnecessary columns if HTTP code extraction is disabled.
- Updates and stores the currently used header.
- Prints header to screen and/or writes to output file if not disabled.
4638	Constructs and returns an OrderedDict mapping data to max sizes based on input. Raises Exception if data and sizes lengths mismatch.
4639	Get column sizes from header dict.
4640	Applies color coding to a string based on its status. If template is "Generic" or "Less", and status is "up" or "valid", string is colored green; if "down", red; otherwise, cyan. Returns the colored string.
4641	def _json_print(self):  # pragma: no cover
    """
    Manages the JSON template.
    Checks if the output file exists, reads its content if it does,
    updates the content with new data, formats it, and saves it back.
    If the output file does not exist, it creates a new one with the data.
    Raises an exception if the output is empty or not correctly formatted.
    """
4642	Defines a method `data` that manages and prints data to various formats, handling lists and specific templates. Raises an exception if `data_to_print` is not a list.
4643	Saves the current operation time (start or stop) to a log file, updating the file with start times, stop times, and execution totals. Handles file creation, updating, and formatting of execution times.
4644	Calculate time difference between start and end, return as days, hours, minutes, seconds in a dictionary.
4645	Formats calculated execution time into a human-readable string.
4646	Remove files from a specified directory, excluding ".gitignore" and ".keep", and return their full paths.
4647	Sets the list of database files to delete
4648	Delete almost all discovered files, and optionally clean everything including databases.
4649	Compute the hash of a file using a specified algorithm and return the hexdigest.
4650	Generate a hash of data using a specified algorithm.
4651	def get(self):
    """Return the hash of the given file or data using specified algorithm or all."""
    result = {}
    if self.algorithm in self.valid_algorithms:
        if self.algorithm == "all":
            del self.valid_algorithms[0]
            for algo in self.valid_algorithms:
                if self.path and path.isfile(self.path):
                    result[algo] = self._hash_file(algo)
                elif self.data:
                    result[algo] = self._hash_data(algo)
        else:
            if self.path and path.isfile(self.path):
                result[self.algorithm] = self._hash_file(self.algorithm)
            elif self.data:
                result[self.algorithm] = self._hash_data(self.algorithm)
    if self.algorithm != "all" and self.only_hash:
        return result[self.algorithm]
    return result
4652	Execute a command, capture output and error, decode, and return output if successful, or error otherwise.
4653	Remove a given key from a given dictionary, either as a single key or a list of keys, and return the updated dictionary or None if the main dictionary is not a dictionary.
4654	Rename keys in a dictionary according to a mapping. If strict mode is on, only exact matches are renamed. Otherwise, partial matches in keys are replaced. Returns the modified dictionary or None if input is invalid.
4655	Merge two dictionaries, handling nested dictionaries and lists based on strict mode.
4656	Saves a dictionary to a JSON file, handling potential UnicodeEncodeError by reopening the file with utf-8 encoding.
4657	Saves a dictionary to a YAML file, overwriting the destination if it exists.
4658	Fix a given path by parsing and cleaning its components.
4659	Method `write` writes or appends data to a file specified by `self.file`. It checks if overwriting is needed or if the file doesn't exist, then it either writes (overwriting if necessary) or appends the data, ensuring the data is a string.
4660	Open a file and return its content, handling `UnicodeDecodeError` by reopening the file in a fallback encoding.
4661	Format the list by sorting it and removing duplicates, handling TypeError by returning the original list.
4662	Merges two lists, optionally respecting the index of elements and handling different data types (dicts and lists) by merging their contents. Returns the merged list.
4663	Return a list of strings that do not match the given regex from self.data.
4664	This method uses regular expressions to search or find all matches in a given data string. It returns the match data based on the specified options such as whether to use BASH_REMATCH, whether to return data, and which group to return. If no match is found, it returns False or True based on the return_data option.
4665	Replaces a matched string with another in the data, returning the modified data as a string.
4666	Count the number of domains for each status by incrementing the corresponding counter in PyFunceble.INTERN["counter"]["number"].increment tested, up, down, or invalid based on the domain's status.
4667	Calculate the percentage of each status based on the current counters and update the percentage counters.
4668	Prints percentage statistics for tested items on screen and file if config allows.
4669	Checks if a given URL is valid. Returns `True` if valid, or the base URL if requested.
4670	def is_domain_valid(domain=None, subdomain_check=False):
    Validates a domain using regex patterns for domain and subdomain formats. Checks against IANA and PSL databases for valid extensions. Returns True if the domain is valid, False otherwise.
4671	Check if the given domain is a valid subdomain.
4672	def get(cls):
    """
    Determines syntax validity for a domain, IP, or URL.

    :return: The syntax status ('valid' or 'invalid').
    :rtype: str
    """
    test_type = PyFunceble.INTERN["to_test_type"]
    if test_type == "domain":
        if Check().is_domain_valid() or Check().is_ip_valid():
            return SyntaxStatus(PyFunceble.STATUS["official"]["valid"]).handle()
    elif test_type == "url":
        if Check().is_url_valid():
            return SyntaxStatus(PyFunceble.STATUS["official"]["valid"]).handle()
    else:
        raise Exception("Unknown test type.")
    return SyntaxStatus(PyFunceble.STATUS["official"]["invalid"]).handle()
4673	This method reformat and merges historical database data from an older format (inactive-db.json) into the current format, updating the PyFunceble.INTERN["inactive_db"] dictionary with the restructured data. It handles both numeric and non-numeric keys, adjusting timestamps by subtracting 30 days to ensure automated retesting. The old database file is then deleted.
4674	Checks if the inactive database is enabled, reformats any historical data, and merges the current database if the file exists.
4675	Backup the current database to inactive-db.json if the database subsystem is enabled.
4676	Returns the current timestamp or a timestamp from the last day of testing based on the database configuration and file testing status.
4677	Get the content of the database and return it as a list by looping through the inactive database if it is activated and not empty, excluding the "to_test" key.
4678	Check if the current test element is in the inactive database. Returns true if it is.
4679	- Check authorization and database path.
- If authorized and database file exists, read and merge into PyFunceble.INTERN.
- If file does not exist, initialize an empty database in PyFunceble.INTERN.
4680	Backup the database to a JSON file if authorization is successful.
4681	Check if an element is in the database based on authorization and file path existence.
4682	Check if the current time is older than the one recorded in the database.
4683	Retrieves the expiration date from the database if authorized and within the future. Returns the expiration date as a string or None if not available.
4684	Add the currently tested element into the database, updating or creating the entry based on authorization and state conditions.
4685	Sets permissions for Travis CI build directory to avoid issues before committing.
4686	Checks if running under Travis CI, then performs autosave by adding, committing, and pushing to a branch if certain conditions are met.
4687	Performs a DNS lookup using the nslookup utility. Returns True if successful, False otherwise.
4688	This method, `whois`, implements the UNIX whois functionality to retrieve domain registration details. It takes a `whois_server` parameter, an optional `domain` parameter, and an optional `timeout` parameter. If the `domain` is not provided, it defaults to the current domain being tested. If the `timeout` is not provided, it uses a default timeout from the configuration. If a `whois_server` is provided, the method connects to the specified server on port 43, sends a WHOIS query for the domain, and reads the response. If successful, it returns the decoded response; otherwise, it returns `None`. If no `whois_server` is provided, the method returns `None`.
4689	Checks if URL is valid or testing locally. Determines HTTP status code, updates test data, and returns URL status (up, down, or invalid).
4690	This method returns the WHOIS server (referer) for a given domain extension, checking various conditions such as local testing, ignored extensions, and WHOIS configuration. If the domain extension is in the IANA database and WHOIS is allowed, it retrieves and returns the referer. If not allowed or the extension is ignored, it returns None. If the domain extension is not in the IANA database, it returns False.
4691	Retrieves the current object referenced by a proxy.
4692	Yields paths to standard modules, including both standard and platform-specific libraries.
4693	Yield standard module names from `standard_paths` that do not start with '_', contain '-', or have extensions other than 'so', 'py', or 'pyc'.
4694	Yield line numbers of messages indicating unused imports.
4695	Yields line number and module name for unused imports from given messages.
4696	Yields line numbers where star imports are used.
4697	Iterate over messages, yield line number, undefined name, and module name for each ImportStarUsage message.
4698	Yield line numbers of messages that are instances of UnusedVariable.
4699	Yield line numbers of duplicate keys by filtering messages, grouping by key, and checking if each key exists in the corresponding line of the source code.
4700	Return dict mapping key to list of messages.
4701	Checks Python source code for syntax and style errors using pyflakes and returns a list of messages. Handles Python 2 unicode strings by converting them to UTF-8.
4702	Extracts package name from import statement, ignoring doctests.
4703	Returns True if an import statement spans multiple lines, ignoring doctests and specific symbols in parentheses.
4704	Return True if the line contains '\\', ':', ';', or if the previous line ends with '\\'.
4705	def filter_from_import(line, unused_module):
    """Filter unused modules from an import statement."""
    # Split line into indentation and import clause
    indentation, imports = line.split('import', 1)
    base_module = re.search(r'from\s+(\S+)', indentation).group(1)

    # Create list of full import names
    imports = [base_module + '.' + imp.strip() for imp in imports.split(',')]

    # Filter out unused modules by name
    filtered_imports = [imp.replace(base_module + '.', '') for imp in imports if imp not in unused_module]

    # Return filtered import statement or 'pass' if all are unused
    if not filtered_imports:
        return get_indentation(line) + 'pass' + get_line_ending(line)

    indentation += 'import '
    return indentation + ', '.join(sorted(filtered_imports)) + get_line_ending(line)
4706	Splits import statement into separate lines, sorts the imports, and maintains the original indentation.
4707	def filter_code(source, additional_imports=None, expand_star_imports=False, remove_all_unused_imports=False, remove_duplicate_keys=False, remove_unused_variables=False, ignore_init_module_imports=False):
    Removes unused imports, variables, and duplicate keys from the source code.
4708	Return dict with line numbers mapped to messages
4709	Replaces '*' with a comma-separated list of undefined names found in the line.
4710	Remove duplicates based on line numbers.
4711	Check if a line contains a dictionary entry with a specified key. Ignore lines with comments or complex multiline statements.
4712	Determine if a given value is a literal or a simple name using AST literal evaluation and regex matching.
4713	The function `useless_pass_line_numbers` yields line numbers of unneeded "pass" statements in a given source code. It uses tokenization to identify "pass" statements and checks for conditions that make them unnecessary, such as being the only token on a line or being preceded by another "pass" statement.
4714	The function `filter_useless_pass` removes lines containing the "pass" keyword from the given source code. It uses a set of line numbers marked as useless to filter out "pass" lines. If a syntax or tokenize error occurs, it treats all lines as useful.
4715	Function to get leading whitespace of a line. If line is not empty, return the leading whitespace characters; otherwise, return an empty string.
4716	Returns the trailing whitespace characters in a line, or an empty string if there are none.
4717	def fix_code(source, additional_imports=None, expand_star_imports=False, remove_all_unused_imports=False, remove_duplicate_keys=False, remove_unused_variables=False, ignore_init_module_imports=False):
    Filter code by removing useless 'pass' statements and applying various filtering options until no further changes are made.
4718	Convert comma-separated string to set of stripped strings
4719	Check if filename ends with '.py' or has valid Python shebang and content within a byte limit.
4720	Return True if the file basename or full name matches any pattern in the exclude list or starts with '.'.
4721	Yield filenames, optionally recursively, while excluding specified files.
4722	Parse command-line arguments and fix file, printing diffs or making changes in place.
4723	Reads the data from the input stream, decodes it into the ObtainLease response payload components, and handles different tags for unique identifier, lease time, and last change date. Raises a ValueError if the data attribute is missing.
4724	Encode ObtainLease response payload data to a stream using specified KMIP version, handling optional attributes and raising ValueError if data is undefined.
4725	Encode Cancel request payload data to a stream, handle asynchronous correlation value, update length, and call superclass write method.
4726	Reads and decodes a Cancel response payload from an input stream, handling optional KMIP version and mandatory fields.
4727	Returns a Name object initialized with a NameValue and NameType instance.
4728	"""
Reads encoded Digest object data from a stream and decodes it into individual components using the specified KMIP version.
"""
4729	Write the Digest object's data to a stream using a specified KMIP version. Encode the hashing algorithm, digest value, and key format type before writing the total length and finalizing the stream.
4730	Constructs a Digest object with specified hashing algorithm, digest value, and key format type, defaulting to SHA-256, empty byte string, and RAW, respectively.
4731	Reads encoded data from an input stream and decodes it into an ApplicationSpecificInformation object, handling_kmip_version and validating the result.
4732	Write data for ApplicationSpecificInformation object to a stream using the specified KMIP version.
4733	def create(application_namespace, application_data):
    """
    Create an ApplicationSpecificInformation object from namespace and data.

    Args:
        application_namespace (str)
        application_data (str)

    Returns:
        ApplicationSpecificInformation
    """
4734	Reads encoded DerivationParameters from an input stream, decoding into constituent parts based on KMIP version.
4735	Writes a DerivationParameters object to an output stream, encoding its components based on the provided KMIP version.
4736	Reads and decodes the Get request payload from an input stream, handling various fields like unique identifier, key format type, and key wrapping specification based on the KMIP version.
4737	Encodes the Get request payload to a stream, handling various attributes and updating the payload length before writing it to the output stream.
4738	Reads encoded Get response payload from a data stream, decodes it, and populates object type, unique identifier, and secret attributes. Raises ValueError if mandatory fields are missing.
4739	Encodes a Get response payload to a stream, validating mandatory fields and handling different KMIP versions.
4740	def read(self, input_stream, kmip_version=enums.KMIPVersion.KMIP_1.0):
    super(SignatureVerifyRequestPayload, self).read(input_stream, kmip_version=kmip_version)
    local_stream = utils.BytearrayStream(input_stream.read(self.length))

    while local_stream:
        tag = self.is_tag_next(local_stream)
        if not tag:
            break

        if tag == enums.Tags.UNIQUE_IDENTIFIER:
            self._unique_identifier = primitives.TextString().read(local_stream, kmip_version)
        elif tag == enums.Tags.CRYPTOGRAPHIC_PARAMETERS:
            self._cryptographic_parameters = attributes.CryptographicParameters().read(local_stream, kmip_version)
        elif tag == enums.Tags.DATA:
            self._data = primitives.ByteString().read(local_stream, kmip_version)
        elif tag == enums.Tags.DIGESTED_DATA:
            self._digested_data = primitives.ByteString().read(local_stream, kmip_version)
        elif tag == enums.Tags.SIGNATURE_DATA:
            self._signature_data = primitives.ByteString().read(local_stream, kmip_version)
        elif tag == enums.Tags.CORRELATION_VALUE:
            self._correlation_value = primitives.ByteString().read(local_stream, kmip_version
4741	Writes the data encoding a SignatureVerify request payload to a stream, handling various attributes and_kmip_version.
4742	Reads encoded data from an input stream, decodes it into a SignatureVerify response payload, and handles required tags while raising errors for missing fields.
4743	Process a KMIP request message, handle request header, errors, and batch items. Returns a response message, max response size, and protocol version.
4744	build_error_response creates and returns a ResponseMessage containing a single error result with specified version, reason, and message.
4745	The method extracts attribute values from a KMIP TemplateAttribute object into a dictionary, handling single-valued and multi-valued attributes with specific rules.
4746	def _get_attributes_from_managed_object(self, managed_object, attr_names):
    """
    Retrieve attributes from a KMIP object.
    """
    attr_factory = attribute_factory.AttributeFactory()
    retrieved_attributes = list()

    if not attr_names:
        attr_names = self._attribute_policy.get_all_attribute_names()

    for attribute_name in attr_names:
        object_type = managed_object._object_type

        if not self._attribute_policy.is_attribute_supported(attribute_name):
            continue

        if self._attribute_policy.is_attribute_applicable_to_object_type(attribute_name, object_type):
            try:
                attribute_value = self._get_attribute_from_managed_object(managed_object, attribute_name)
            except Exception:
                attribute_value = None

            if attribute_value is not None:
                attribute_type = enums.AttributeType(attribute_name)

                if self._attribute_policy.is_attribute_multivalued(attribute_name):
                    for count, value in enumerate(attribute_value):
                        attribute = attr_factory.create_attribute(attribute_type, value, count)
                        retrieved_attributes.append(attribute)
                else:
                    attribute = attr_factory.create_attribute(attribute_type, attribute_value)
                    retrieved_attributes.append(attribute)

    return retrieved_attributes
4747	This method `_get_attribute_from_managed_object` retrieves the value of a specified attribute from a KMIP-managed object. It handles a variety of predefined attribute names, returning the corresponding value or `None` for unrecognized attributes.
4748	Iterate through attributes, check if applicable, and set on managed object; raise error if not allowed.
4749	Update the value of an attribute on a KMIP managed object, handling multivalued attributes and validating changes.
4750	Determine if object access is allowed based on policy and session details.
4751	Writes a Decrypt request payload to a stream, encoding the object data using a specified KMIP version. Raises a ValueError if the data attribute is not defined.
4752	```python
def create(self, secret_type, value=None):
    """
    Create a secret object of the specified type with the given value.

    Raises:
        TypeError: If the provided secret type is unrecognized.

    Returns:
        secret: The newly constructed secret object.
    """
```
4753	Set a specific setting value, overwriting the current value if already set. Valid settings include 'hostname', 'port', 'certificate_path', 'key_path', 'ca_path', 'auth_suite', 'policy_path', 'enable_tls_client_auth', 'tls_cipher_suites', 'logging_level', and 'database_path'. Raises ConfigurationError if an unsupported setting is provided.
4754	Load configuration settings from a file, overwriting current values and raising an error if the file does not exist or contains invalid settings.
4755	Converts a list of cryptographic usage mask enums to a single integer bitmask.
4756	Converts an integer to a list of CryptographicUsageMask enums based on bitwise AND.
4757	Reads and decodes a long integer from an input stream, validates its length, and sets the integer value.
4758	Writes the encoded value of a LongInteger to an output stream using a specified KMIP version, defaulting to KMIP 1.0.
4759	Validate the integer value of a LongInteger instance. Raises TypeError if not an int or long, ValueError if out of 64-bit signed integer range.
4760	Reads and decodes a BigInteger value from an input stream based on a specified KMIP version, validating the length, and converting the binary representation to a signed integer using two's complement if necessary.
4761	Writes the encoding of a BigInteger to an output stream in hexadecimal format, handling both positive and negative values through two's complement conversion.
4762	Validate the integer value of BigInteger. Raise TypeError if value is not an integer.
4763	def validate(self):
    Verify that the value of the Enumeration is valid, raising exceptions for invalid types or values.
4764	def read_value(self, istream, kmip_version=enums.KMIPVersion.KMIP_1_0):
    Read a Boolean value from the input stream.
4765	The function writes a Boolean value to an output stream using the specified KMIP version for encoding. It packs the Boolean value as a 64-bit unsigned integer and handles exceptions by logging an error and re-raising the exception.
4766	Writes the encoded bytes of a Boolean object to the output stream, optionally specifying the KMIP version.
4767	validate the Boolean object's value; raise TypeError if not bool
4768	Reads an Interval value from an input stream, verifies its length and padding, and decodes its integer value.
4769	This method checks if the 'value' attribute of a class instance is of an integer type and within a specified range (MAX and MIN). It raises a TypeError if the value is not an integer, and a ValueError if it is outside the accepted range.
4770	Gathers and returns key wrapping data as a dictionary, filtering out empty fields.
4771	Set key wrapping data attributes using a dictionary, handling nested dictionaries for encryption and MAC key information.
4772	def validate(self):
Verify that the contents of the PublicKey object are valid. Raises TypeError if the types of any PublicKey attributes are invalid.
4773	Verify SecretData attributes types and raise TypeError for invalid types.
4774	def validate(self):
    verify OpaqueObject contents for validity raise TypeError for invalid types
4775	def convert_attribute_name_to_tag(value):
    Checks if the input is a string, then searches for a matching attribute name in a table. Returns the corresponding attribute tag if found, otherwise raises a ValueError.
4776	def convert_attribute_tag_to_name(value): Converts an attribute tag (enum) to the corresponding attribute name string, raises ValueError if input is not a valid Tags enum or unrecognized tag.
4777	Computes a bit mask from a collection of enumeration values.
4778	Extracts enumeration values from a bit mask using the enumeration class's values.
4779	def is_bit_mask(enumeration, potential_mask):
    Check if potential_mask is a valid composite bit mask of enumeration values.

    Args:
        enumeration (class): Mask enumeration class.
        potential_mask (int): Bit mask to check.

    Returns:
        True if potential_mask is a valid bit mask, False otherwise.
4780	Reads and decodes the CreateKeyPair request payload from an input buffer, handling different KMIP versions and attributes.
4781	Writes the CreateKeyPair request payload to a buffer, handling different KMIP versions and converting template attributes to attributes if necessary.
4782	Reads encoded data from an input buffer, decodes it into CreateKeyPair response payload components, ensuring the presence of private and public key unique identifiers, and optionally handling template attributes for versions prior to KMIP 2.0. Raises an error if any required identifiers are missing.
4783	Encode the CreateKeyPair response payload by writing key details to a buffer, ensuring all required fields are present.
4784	Reads an encoded GetAttributeList request payload, decodes it, and populates the object's attributes.
4785	Writes encoded GetAttributeList request payload data to a stream using a本地缓冲区。处理唯一标识符，设置长度，并调用父类的写方法将本地缓冲区数据写入输出缓冲区。
4786	Reads data from an input buffer, decodes it into a GetAttributeList response payload, and validates the required components such as the unique identifier and attribute names, handling both KMIP 1.0 and KMIP 2.0 formats. Raises exceptions if required components are missing or if the AttributeReference type is invalid.
4787	Writes a GetAttributeList response payload to a stream. Encodes the unique identifier and attribute names, handling different KMIP versions. Raises InvalidField if necessary fields are missing.
4788	Get all JSON files in the specified directory, sort them, and return the list.
4789	SCAN POLICIES METHOD

This method scans the policy directory for policy data. It updates the `file_timestamps` dictionary with the current modification time of each file. If a new policy file is found, it logs a message and adds it to the `file_timestamps` dictionary. If a policy file is no longer found, it logs a message, removes it from the `file_timestamps` dictionary, and disassociates it from any policies. The method also checks for updated policies and loads new policies into the `policy_store` and `policy_map` dictionaries. If a policy overwrites a reserved policy, it logs a warning and discards the new policy.
4790	Start monitoring operation policy files. Initialize tracking structures. If live monitoring, log start, loop until halted, sleep, and scan policies. If not live, directly scan policies.
4791	Extracts X.509 certificate from socket connection, returns it as an x509 object or None if no certificate is found.
4792	Extracts and returns the extendedKeyUsage extension from an X.509 certificate. Returns None if the extension is not found.
4793	Given an X.509 certificate, extract and return all common names.
4794	Given an X.509 certificate, this method extracts and returns the client identity. If multiple identities are found, it raises a PermissionDenied exception. If no identities are found, it also raises a PermissionDenied exception.
4795	Reads an encoded Create request payload from a buffer, decodes it into constituent parts, and handles version-specific attributes.
4796	Writes the Create request payload data to a buffer, handling different KMIP versions and ensuring the object type and template attribute are defined. Raises InvalidField if required fields are missing.
4797	Reads encoded data from an input buffer, decodes it into Create response payload components, and handles special cases for KMIP versions.
4798	# Write
Write data encoding the Create response payload to a buffer. Check for object type and unique identifier, raise InvalidField if missing. Optionally, write template attribute if KMIP version is below 2.0. Update buffer length and call parent write method.
4799	Converts between Pie and core secret objects based on object type. Raises TypeError if object type is unrecognized or unsupported.
4800	Reads and decodes an Encrypt response payload from a data stream, decoding its components like unique_identifier, data, and IV_COUNTER_NONCE based on the specified KMIP version. Raises ValueError if required attributes are missing.
4801	Definitely, here is the summarized version of the given code:

---
### Summary:
**Objective:** Decodes the `DeriveKey` request payload from a given input buffer.

**Steps:**
1. **Initialization:** Calls parent method to read basic data.
2. **Read Object Type:** Checks for and reads the `OBJECT_TYPE` tag, else raises `InvalidKmipEncoding`.
3. **Read Unique Identifiers:** Loops through `UNIQUE_IDENTIFIER` tags, constructs `TextString` objects, and appends to list. Raises if none found.
4. **Read Derivation Method:** Checks for and reads the `DERIVATION_METHOD` tag, else raises `InvalidKmipEncoding`.
5. **Read Derivation Parameters:** Checks for and reads `DERIVATION_PARAMETERS` tag, else raises `InvalidKmipEncoding`.
6. **Read Template Attribute:** Conditionally reads either `TEMPLATE_ATTRIBUTE` (for KMIP < 2.0) or `ATTRIBUTES` (converted to `TEMPLATE_ATTRIBUTE` for KMIP 2.0), else raises `InvalidKmipEncoding`.
7. **Validation:** Checks if buffer size is correct.

**Raises:** `ValueError` if mandatory `data` attribute is missing
4802	Encodes a DeriveKey request payload to a stream. Writes object type, unique identifiers, derivation method, and derivation parameters. Optionally handles template attributes based on KMIP version. Raises exceptions if required fields are missing.
4803	Check if an attribute is supported by the current KMIP version by verifying if its rule set exists and if the version is greater than or equal to the rule set's version added.
4804	Check if an attribute is deprecated by the current KMIP version, based on the attribute's rule set.
4805	Check if a given attribute is applicable to a specific object type based on predefined rule sets.
4806	Check if an attribute can have multiple instances based on its rule set.
4807	Returns a default value if a config file option is not found, or if a direct value is provided.
4808	Reads data from an input stream, decodes it into its constituent parts, and handles specific tags such as UNIQUE_IDENTIFIER, USAGE_LIMITS_COUNT, CRYPTOGRAPHIC_USAGE_MASK, and LEASE_TIME using the provided KMIP version. Raises an error if the required data attribute is missing.
4809	Encodes and writes the Check response payload to a stream using specified KMIP version.
4810	Reads data from an input buffer, decodes the AttributeReference structure, and validates the vendor identification and attribute name. Raises exceptions if required fields are missing or unsupported versions are used.
4811	Writes the AttributeReference structure encoding to a data stream, handling vendor identification, attribute name, and KMIP version compatibility. Raises exceptions for missing fields and unsupported versions.
4812	Read encoded data from an input stream and decode it into an Attributes structure, handling KMIP version and raising exceptions for unsupported attributes or versions.
4813	Writes Attributes structure data to a data stream, supporting KMIP 2.0 or later versions, raises exceptions for unsupported attributes or versions.
4814	Reads encoded Nonce data from an input stream, decodes it into parts, and validates the presence of nonce ID and nonce value tags. Raises ValueError if either tag is missing.
4815	Writes the Nonce struct data to a stream, including optional versioning and error handling for missing ID or value.
4816	Reads data from an input stream, decodes it into a UsernamePasswordCredential, and raises an error if the username is missing.
4817	Encodes the UsernamePasswordCredential struct to a stream, handling username and password fields and raising a ValueError if the username is missing.
4818	Reads data from an input stream, decodes it into DeviceCredential struct, and populates its attributes based on tags.
4819	Encode a DeviceCredential object to a stream, optionally specifying the KMIP version.
4820	Reads encoded credential data from an input stream, decodes it into its constituent parts, and raises errors if required fields are missing.
4821	Encode a Credential struct to a stream, validating required attributes and handling optional KMIP version.
4822	Reads encoded MACSignatureKeyInformation data from an input stream and decodes it into constituent parts, handling tags for unique identifier and cryptographic parameters, and validating the structure.
4823	Writes the MACSignatureKeyInformation struct to an output stream, handling unique identifier and cryptographic parameters, and copying data to the output stream.
4824	Reads an encoded KeyWrappingData struct from a given input stream and decodes it, handling various attributes like wrapping method, encryption key info, MAC signature key info, MAC signature, IV counter nonce, and encoding option.
4825	Writes the KeyWrappingData struct to a stream, encoding it with provided data attributes and handling optional KMIP version.
4826	Reads data from an input stream, decodes the KeyWrappingSpecification structure, and populates its attributes based on the data stream content and KMIP version.
4827	Encode a KeyWrappingSpecification object to a stream using the specified_kmip_version. Write the wrapping method, encryption key info, MAC signature key info, attribute names, and encoding option to a local stream. Then write the length and the local stream buffer to the output stream.
4828	Reads and decodes data from a data stream into an ExtensionInformation object, handling不同 tags and versioning as specified.
4829	Encode ExtensionInformation object data to a stream using specified KMIP version.
4830	def create(cls, extension_name=None, extension_tag=None,
           extension_type=None):
    """
    Create an ExtensionInformation object from provided extension values.

    Args:
        extension_name (str): Name of the extension.
        extension_tag (int): Tag number of the extension.
        extension_type (int): Type index of the extension.

    Returns:
        ExtensionInformation: New set of extension information.
    """
    extension_name = ExtensionName(extension_name)
    extension_tag = ExtensionTag(extension_tag)
    extension_type = ExtensionType(extension_type)

    return ExtensionInformation(
        extension_name=extension_name,
        extension_tag=extension_tag,
        extension_type=extension_type)
4831	Reads data from a stream and decodes it into a RevocationReason object. Processes revocation code and message if present, validates the object.
4832	Writes the RevocationReason object data to a stream using the specified KMIP version.
4833	validate the RevocationReason object, ensuring the revocation_code is an instance of RevocationReasonCode and the revocation_message, if provided, is a TextString. If not, raise a TypeError with an appropriate message.
4834	Reads encoded object data from the input buffer, decodes it according to the specified KMIP version, and validates the presence of required fields (object type and attributes). Raises exceptions if the encoding is invalid or the version is not supported.
4835	Encodes the ObjectDefaults structure to a data stream, validating required fields and supporting different KMIP versions.
4836	Reads encoded DefaultsInformation data from an input buffer, decodes it, and sets the object's _object_defaults attribute. Raises exceptions if the encoding is invalid or if the KMIP version does not support the structure.
4837	Writes the DefaultsInformation structure encoding to the data stream, handling version checking and object defaults. Raises exceptions for unsupported versions or missing fields.
4838	This method decodes an RNGParameters structure from an input buffer, extracting various parameters like RNG algorithm, cryptographic algorithm, length, hashing algorithm, DRBG algorithm, recommended curve, FIPS186 variation, and prediction resistance. It checks for required tags and raises exceptions if any are missing or if the KMIP version is unsupported.
4839	Writes the RNGParameters structure to a data stream, handling various algorithm fields and version support.
4840	Reads encoded ProfileInformation data from input_buffer, decodes it, and sets profile_name, server_uri, and server_port attributes if present, raising exceptions if encoding is invalid or KMIP version is not supported.
4841	Writes a ProfileInformation structure to an output buffer. Validates KMIP version, encodes fields, and handles exceptions for missing or unsupported versions.
4842	Writes a ValidationInformation structure to a data stream, validating required fields and ensuring the KMIP version is supported. Raises exceptions for missing fields or unsupported versions.
4843	Read and decode the CapabilityInformation structure from an input buffer, supporting KMIP 1.3 and later versions.
4844	Writes CapabilityInformation structure data to a data stream, optionally with a specified KMIP version, while handling streaming and asynchronous capabilities conditionally based on KMIP version.
4845	Stops the server, halts client connections, cleans up threads, and shuts down the server socket, raising exceptions on failure.
4846	Listen for client connections, handle them in new KmipSessions, and gracefully shut down with signal handling.
4847	Reads KMIP Locate request payload, decodes it, and populates attributes, handling KMIP 2.0+ specific cases.
4848	Encodes the Locate request payload by writing various fields to an output buffer.
4849	Reads data from an input buffer, decodes it according to the KMIP version, and extracts located items and unique identifiers.
4850	Encodes the Locate response payload, writing it to an output buffer. Handles optional KMIP version, processes located items and unique identifiers, and updates length before writing the final data.
4851	Create a symmetric key with specified algorithm and length. Raises exceptions for unsupported algorithm or invalid length. Returns key bytes and format.
4852	The method `create_asymmetric_key_pair` generates a key pair for the specified cryptographic algorithm and key length. It validates the algorithm and key length, raises an exception if invalid, and returns the public and private key data.
4853	Generates a message authentication code using a specified algorithm, key, and data. Supports hash-based and symmetric key algorithms, and raises exceptions for unsupported or incompatible algorithms.
4854	Encrypts data using symmetric or asymmetric encryption algorithms, handling different parameters based on the algorithm used.
4855	Encrypts plain text using a symmetric encryption algorithm with optional parameters for cipher mode, padding, and IV/nonce. Returns the encrypted data along with the generated IV/nonce if applicable. Raises exceptions for unsupported algorithms or invalid keys.
4856	**Summary:**

Encrypts data using an asymmetric encryption algorithm with specified padding and key. Supports RSA and specific padding methods like OAEP and PKCS1v15. Returns encrypted data as a dictionary. Raises exceptions for unsupported algorithms or key loading failures.
4857	def _decrypt_asymmetric(decryption_algorithm, decryption_key, cipher_text, padding_method, hashing_algorithm=None):
    "Decrypt data using asymmetric decryption with specified algorithm, key, cipher text, and padding method."
    
    if decryption_algorithm not in [enums.CryptographicAlgorithm.RSA]:
        raise exceptions.InvalidField("Unsupported decryption algorithm.")
    
    if padding_method == enums.PaddingMethod.OAEP:
        hash_algorithm = self._encryption_hash_algorithms.get(hashing_algorithm)
        if hash_algorithm is None:
            raise exceptions.InvalidField("Unsupported hashing algorithm for OAEP.")
        padding_method = asymmetric_padding.OAEP(mgf=asymmetric_padding.MGF1(algorithm=hash_algorithm()), algorithm=hash_algorithm(), label=None)
    elif padding_method == enums.PaddingMethod.PKCS1v15:
        padding_method = asymmetric_padding.PKCS1v15()
    else:
        raise exceptions.InvalidField("Unsupported padding method.")
    
    backend = default_backend()
    try:
        private_key = backend.load_der_private_key(decryption_key, None) or backend.load_pem_private_key(decryption_key, None)
    except Exception:
        raise exceptions.CryptographicFailure("Failed to load private key.")
    
    plain_text = private_key.decrypt(c
4858	Generates an RSA key pair with specified length and public exponent, returning public and private key dictionaries in PKCS format. Throws CryptographicFailure if generation fails.
4859	Derive a cryptographic key using various methods like HMAC, PBKDF2, etc., by specifying the method, length, data, and relevant parameters. If the method is ENCRYPT, use encryption to derive the key. Otherwise, handle hash-based methods and raise exceptions for unsupported or incompatible inputs. Returns the derived key as bytes.
4860	Creates an RSA private key from bytes, attempting PEM first, then DER if PEM fails.
4861	Verify a message signature using a specified signing key, message, signature, padding method, and optional hashing/signing algorithms. Raises exceptions for invalid settings or cryptographic failures.
4862	Reads and decodes a Sign response payload from an input stream, ensuring the presence of unique identifier and signature data attributes.
4863	Writes the Sign response data to a stream by encoding its unique identifier and signature attributes. Raises ValueError if either attribute is missing.
4864	Reads and decodes a GetUsageAllocation request payload from an input stream using a specified KMIP version, handling optional unique identifier and usage limits count fields.
4865	Converts ProtocolVersion to KMIPVersion enumeration. Returns None if conversion is not possible.
4866	Reads data from an input stream, decodes it into its constituent parts, and validates the major and minor protocol version numbers.
4867	Writes the ProtocolVersion struct to a stream by encoding both major and minor version numbers, raising an error if either is missing. Uses the specified KMIP version for encoding.
4868	Reads data from an input stream, decodes it as an Authentication struct, and populates its credentials attribute with Credential objects.
4869	Writes the data encoding the Authentication struct to a stream, handling version and credentials.
4870	Reads encoded Poll request payload from an input stream, decodes it, and handles specific tags like ASYNCHRONOUS_CORRELATION_VALUE.
4871	Reads and decodes data from a stream into a Certificate object, handling different KMIP versions.
4872	Write the Certificate object data to a stream using the provided ostream and KMIP version.
4873	Authenticates a user using SLUGS service with a certificate.
4874	Read encoded Archive response payload from input stream, decode into constituent parts, and handle unique identifier if present.
4875	Encodes the Archive response payload to a stream, handling unique identifiers and versioning.
4876	The `run` method manages a new client connection, initiating a TLS handshake and entering a message handling loop. If any errors occur, they are logged and handled gracefully. The method ensures proper shutdown and closure of the connection upon completion.
4877	Reads encoded Rekey response payload from the input stream and decodes it, raising a ValueError if the unique identifier is missing.
4878	Check if a profile is supported by the client based on conformance clause and authentication suite. Returns True if both are supported, False otherwise.
4879	```Derive a new key or secret data from an existing managed object using specified parameters and return the operation results.```
4880	Sends a GetAttributes request to the server, retrieves attributes for a managed object, and processes the response.
4881	Sends a GetAttributeList request to the server, processes the response, and returns the results.
4882	Sends a query request to the server. Accepts optional parameters for batch mode, query functions, and credentials.
4883	Signs data using a specified signing key, returns result details.
4884	Open the client connection. Raises ClientConnectionFailure if already open, Exception if an error occurs.
4885	Closes the client connection safely. Raises an exception if an error occurs during the process.
4886	Create a symmetric key on a KMIP appliance with specified algorithm, length, and optional operation policy, name, and cryptographic usage mask. Returns the key's UUID, or raises exceptions for invalid inputs.
4887	Creates an asymmetric key pair on a KMIP appliance, returning the UIDs of the public and private keys. Handles input validation, constructs attribute templates, and processes operation results.
4888	Registers a `ManagedObject` with a KMIP appliance, extracts attributes, constructs a `TemplateAttribute`, and handles the registration result. Raises exceptions for invalid input, connection issues, or operation failures. Returns the UID of the registered managed object.
4889	The `rekey` method rekeys an existing symmetric key, optionally specifying a time offset and various key attributes. It validates the input, constructs a template attribute, and handles the rekeying operation, returning the new key's unique ID or raising an exception if the operation fails.
4890	Derives a new key or secret data by utilizing existing managed objects, specifying the type, unique identifiers, derivation method, and parameters. Supports optional attributes like cryptographic length and algorithm. Raises exceptions for invalid inputs or operation failures.
4891	Search for managed objects based on specified attributes, validate input types, handle operation results, and raise exceptions for errors.
4892	Check constraints for a managed object, validating input types and raising exceptions if invalid. Returns the unique identifier on success, raises_kmipoperationfailure on failure.
4893	Get a managed object from a KMIP appliance. Raises exceptions on connection issues, operation failures, or invalid input arguments. Handles key wrapping specifications and parses the result to return a ManagedObject.
4894	Get attributes for a managed object by uid and attribute names. Validate input, call proxy method, and handle response or error.
4895	Activates a managed object using a KMIP appliance. Optionally takes a unique ID. Raises exceptions for connection issues, operation failures, or invalid input.
4896	Revoke a managed object by providing the revocation reason and optional uid, revocation message, and compromise occurrence date. Handle the operation's result and raise exceptions for failures or invalid inputs.
4897	def mac(self, data, uid=None, algorithm=None):
    Checks if input arguments are valid. Generates cryptographic parameters. Uses proxy to get MAC and handles results. Returns UID and MAC data or raises exception on failure.
4898	def build_cryptographic_parameters(self, value):
    Build a CryptographicParameters struct from a dictionary. Returns None if value is None. Raises TypeError if value is not a dictionary.
4899	Builds an `EncryptionKeyInformation` struct from a dictionary, validates the input, and processes nested `cryptographic_parameters`. Returns the struct or raises a `TypeError` if invalid input.
4900	Build a MACSignatureKeyInformation struct from a dict. Validate input, handle cryptographic parameters, and raise TypeError if invalid.
4901	Converts a dictionary to a KeyWrappingSpecification object, validating input and handling encryption and MAC key information.
4902	Builds a list of common attributes shared by symmetric and asymmetric objects, optionally including an operation policy name.
4903	Build a list containing a name attribute if a name is provided, using the attribute factory and enums.
4904	Reads an encoded QueryRequestPayload object from an input buffer, decodes it into its components, and raises an exception if the query functions are missing.
4905	Writes the QueryRequestPayload object's data to a stream, encoding it with an optional KMIP version. Raises an error if query functions are not defined.
4906	Writes the data encoding the QueryResponsePayload object to a stream, supporting different KMIP versions.
4907	Reads encoded GetAttributes response payload from input buffer, decodes it, and populates the object's attributes with the parsed data. Handles different KMIP versions and checks for necessary tags.
4908	Encodes a GetAttributes response payload to a stream, handling unique identifier and attributes conditional on KMIP version.
4909	Searches for a single entry point in configuration files and returns an `EntryPoint` object if found, or raises `NoSuchEntryPoint` if no match is found.
4910	Filter unique name entry points from a group.
4911	Iterate through files and distros at the given path, collect entry points that match the specified group, and return them as a list of EntryPoint objects.
4912	Load the object referred to by this entry point by importing the module and accessing the specified attribute(s).
4913	Parse an entry point from a string, extract module, object, and extras (if any), and create an EntryPoint object; raise an error if parsing fails.
4914	Start a livereload server that watches for changes in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files within specified directories of an application and reloads the server whenever changes are detected.
4915	Generates a new project directory based on a template, copying and optionally rewriting specific files with the provided project name.
4916	Generate a controller with the given name, creating a controller file, test file, assets directory, and form file. Log the creation of each file.
4917	Generate an action by appending template code to a controller file and creating companion HTML, JS, and LESS files if specified.
4918	Generate form by extracting form name from args, log start and finish messages.
4919	```python
def generate_model(args):
    Generates a new model file based on a template.
    Reads a template, replaces placeholders with the model name,
    writes the new model file, and updates the __init__.py.
```
4920	```python
def generate_macro(args):
    """Generate macro if macro name is not empty."""
    macro = args.get('<macro>').replace('-', '_')
    category = args.get('<category>')
    if not macro:
        logger.warning('Macro name cannot be empty.')
        return
    
    logger.info('Start generating macro.')
    current_path = os.getcwd()
    macro_root_path = os.path.join(current_path, 'application/macros', category or macro)
    _mkdir_p(macro_root_path)

    for ext in ('html', 'less', 'js'):
        file_path = os.path.join(macro_root_path, f'_{macro}.{ext}')
        if ext == 'html':
            with open(os.path.join(dirname(abspath(__file__)), 'templates/macro.html'), 'r') as template_file:
                with open(file_path, 'w+') as html_file:
                    for line in template_file:
                        html_file.write(line.replace('#{macro}', macro))
        else:
            open(file_path, 'a').close()
        logger.info("New: %s" % _relative_path(file_path))

    logger.info('Finish generating macro.')
```
4921	```mkdir -p path```
4922	Rewrite lines in src_file by replacing placeholders with project_name, then copy the modified content to dst_file.
4923	Calculates the time gap between a given datetime and the current time, returning a user-friendly string indicating how long ago it was or if it happened recently.
4924	Checks if the URL in a form field has a valid scheme, and if not, prepends "http://" to the URL.
4925	Encode input using a secret key and serialize it.
4926	Decode a string 'something' using a secret key from the current app's config, returning the decoded data or None if the signature is invalid.
4927	Decorator that wraps a function, returning its result as a JSON response with an HTTP status code.
4928	Construct absolute URL by combining site domain with relative URL generated from endpoint and values.
4929	def load_config():
    Load config based on environment mode (PRODUCTION, TESTING, or DEVELOPMENT). Returns corresponding config class or default config if mode is not recognized.
4930	Set user session to permanent mode and store user ID.
4931	Retrieve current user from session, query database, and return user object; sign out if user not found.
4932	Create Flask app with config, proxy fix, CSRF protect, debug toolbar, static files, and error handling based on mode.
4933	Register Jinja filters, variables, and functions for the app, with conditional loading of templates based on debug/testing mode.
4934	Register blueprints from controllers in a Flask app.
4935	Registers error handlers for 403, 404, and 500 HTTP errors in an app.
4936	Registers hooks for before and after requests in an application. Before request, it sets the current user in the global context and checks if the user is an admin. After request, if the user was identified as an admin, it calculates the render time and adds it to the response headers.
4937	def _dataframe_to_csv(writer, dataframe, delimiter, with_header):
    """Serialize dataframe to CSV with specified delimiter and header"""
    encoder = codecs.getwriter('utf-8')(writer)
    dataframe.to_csv(
        path_or_buf=encoder,
        sep=delimiter,
        header=with_header,
        index=False
    )
4938	This function reads CSV data from a given reader object, parsing it into a pandas DataFrame. It considers the delimiter, skips the header if specified, and trims leading spaces based on the input parameters.
4939	Serialize a dataframe using a specified format by writing to a file-like object.
4940	Deserializer for dataframe using a reader and data type ID.
4941	Updates dataset from a DataFrame, allowing optional changes to data type, name, and description by serializing it and uploading the new data.
4942	Uploads serialized raw data and updates an existing dataset, using provided or default parameters for data type, name, and description.
4943	Retrieves the full URL to the dataset contents by concatenating the base URI, location, and access credential from the download location.
4944	Uploads a pandas DataFrame as a dataset with specified format, name, and description in Azure ML.
4945	Uploads serialized raw data as a new dataset. Validates inputs, then calls _upload method. Returns created SourceDataset object.
4946	Open and return a stream for the dataset contents.
4947	Read dataset contents as binary.
4948	Reads and returns dataset contents as text from the specified workspace, experiment, node, and port.
4949	Convert dataset to pandas DataFrame by reading binary data and deserializing with the specified data type ID.
4950	Get an intermediate dataset by specifying node ID, port name, and data type ID. Returns an IntermediateDataset object for accessing dataset contents.
4951	Sends a GET request to fetch experiments by workspace ID.
4952	Sends a GET request to fetch the list of datasets for a given workspace ID.
4953	Sends an HTTP GET request to retrieve a dataset using the provided workspace and dataset IDs.
4954	Publishes a callable function or decorates a function to be published. Returns a callable object that can be called or iterated over to get API URL, API key, and API help URL.
4955	Decorator to mark a function for remote service invocation using specified URL, API key, and optional help URL.
4956	A decorator `types` that accepts keyword arguments specifying types and updates the annotations of the wrapped function.
4957	def returns(type):
    Decorator to specify the return type of a function. Adds or updates the function's __annotations__ dictionary with the return type.
4958	Attaches a file to a payload with an optional destination filename. If contents are omitted, the file is read from disk. Decorates a function to include attachments.
4959	walks byte code to find global variables
4960	Create a copy of the object by duplicating its attributes.
4961	def lookup_color(c):
    """Return RGBA values of color c. c can be an X11 color name or a brewer color set and index. Returns None for unknown colors."""
4962	Draws the shape with the given cairo context if it intersects with the bounding box or if no bounding box is provided.
4963	Find roots of the derivative of a cubic Bernstein polynomial to identify extremas.
4964	Evaluate cubic Bernstein polynomial using de Casteljau's algorithm.
4965	Builds a choices list using a 'sitetree_tree' tag at runtime.
4966	Defines a function to convert a tuple of `CommandOption` objects into Django management command options using `optparse`.
4967	register_items_hook function registers a callable to process tree items before passing them to templates. The callable receives tree_items and tree_sender as arguments and must return a list of modified TreeItem objects. It raises an error if the callable does not have the correct number of arguments.
4968	This method `compose_dynamic_tree` constructs a dynamic sitetree configuration. It accepts `src` as the primary source, which can be a string (app name) or an iterable of tree definitions. It also takes optional parameters `target_tree_alias`, `parent_tree_item_alias`, and `include_trees`. If `src` is a string, it imports site tree definitions from the specified app. If `include_trees` is provided, it filters the sitetrees based on the given aliases. The method returns a dictionary describing the dynamic sitetree structure.
4969	Initializes the local cache using Django cache. Clears the cache if a reset flag is set.
4970	Empties cached sitetree data and optionally initializes sitetrees.
4971	Returns the value of a cache entry parameter by its name and key, defaulting to False if the key is not found.
4972	Updates cache entry with new data for a specified key.
4973	Replaces an entry's parameter data in the cache using the provided name, key, and value.
4974	Initializes sitetree for a new request, caching relevant data like current page context, request, language, and user permissions.
4975	Resolves internationalized tree alias by checking for a separate sitetree for the current language. If available, returns the i18n alias; otherwise, returns the original alias.
4976	Determines if the current application is an admin contrib by checking the application name in the context.
4977	Calculates depth of an item in a tree by recursively traversing up the tree until the root is reached, summing the depths as it goes.
4978	Resolves current tree item for a given tree alias by matching the current request path against the URL of the tree items. Updates the item status and caches the result.
4979	Resolves a Sitemap item's URL based on its 'url' property and context. Handles both URL patterns and simple URLs, using a template to resolve parameters if necessary. Stores resolved URLs for reuse.
4980	Initializes sitetree in memory. Returns tuple with resolved tree alias and items on success. Raises SiteTreeError if request context processor is not active. Checks if request is currently being processed. Resolves tree alias from context and retrieves sitetree items. Returns None, None if no sitetree items found.
4981	Retrieves an attribute of the current sitetree item for the current page. Returns the value if found, or an empty string otherwise. Raises an error if in debug mode and RAISE_ITEMS_ERRORS_ON_DEBUG is set.
4982	Returns the ancestor of the specified depth recursively. If depth is 1, returns the parent item directly. Otherwise, calls itself with the parent item and decremented depth.
4983	Builds menu structure for 'sitetree_menu' tag based on tree_alias, tree_branches, and context. Filters items by visibility, inclusion in menu, and user access. Supports various aliases to specify branches dynamically. Returns filtered and modified menu items.
4984	Checks if a user has access to an item based on authentication status and permissions.
4985	Builds breadcrumb trail for a given site tree alias and context by recursively climbing up the tree, appending items to the breadcrumb list if they meet certain conditions, and finally returning the list in the correct order.
4986	Builds and returns a tree structure for the 'sitetree_tree' tag using a given tree alias and context. Filters items, applies hooks, and updates children status. Returns the tree items or an empty string if no items are found.
4987	This method constructs site tree item children for a 'sitetree_children' tag. It resolves the parent item, retrieves tree items, marks the path, filters items by navigation type, applies hooks, updates has children status, and renders the items using a specified template.
4988	def get_children(self, tree_alias, item):
    """Returns item's children.

    :param tree_alias: The alias of the tree.
    :param item: The item to find children for.
    :rtype: list
    """
    if not self.current_app_is_admin():
        tree_alias = self.resolve_tree_i18n_alias(tree_alias)
    return self.cache.get_entry('parents', tree_alias)[item]
4989	Updates 'has_children' attribute for tree items in place by filtering and applying hooks to their children based on the navigation type.
4990	Filters sitetree item's children based on hidden status, user access, and compatibility with navigation type.
4991	### Summary:
Recursively climbs up a tree to find the root item of a given base item.
4992	Climbs a tree structure to mark items in the current branch by recursively setting `in_current_branch` to True for the given item and its parent until the root is reached.
4993	Resolves a variable name in a given context by first checking if the context is specified, defaulting to the current page context if not. It then treats the variable name either as a FilterExpression or a regular string, resolves it, and returns the result.
4994	def sitetree_tree(parser, token):
    Parses sitetree tag parameters. Supports two arguments to render a site tree or four arguments to specify a template for rendering.
4995	def sitetree_children(parser, token): Parses sitetree_children tag parameters, rendering child items of specific site tree using a provided template for navigation. Requires six arguments, with the last argument specifying the template. Raises error if the arguments are not as expected.
4996	Parses sitetree_breadcrumbs tag parameters. Supports two Notations: 1. Two arguments: {% sitetree_breadcrumbs from "mytree" %} 2. Four arguments: {% sitetree_breadcrumbs from "mytree" template "sitetree/mycrumb.html" %}
4997	def sitetree_menu(parser, token):
    Parses sitetree_menu tag parameters and renders a menu based on specified tree and branch selections.
4998	Renders a template with given tree items in context.
4999	def for_tag(cls, parser, token, preposition, error_hint):
    """Constructs a node for tags."""
    tokens = token.split_contents()
    if len(tokens) >= 3 and tokens[1] == preposition:
        as_var = cls.get_as_var(tokens)
        tree_alias = parser.compile_filter(tokens[2])
        return cls(tree_alias, as_var)
    raise template.TemplateSyntaxError('%r tag requires at least two arguments. E.g. {%% %s %%}.' % (tokens[0], error_hint))
5000	Returns a lowercase URL for a given Tree admin page, optionally prefixed with 'admin:'.
5001	Forces unregistration (if registered) and re-registers a tree admin class.
5002	Fixes admin contrib redirects compatibility issues in Django 1.4 by adjusting the path based on the request URL. Shifts the path to navigate up one or two levels depending on the presence of 'delete' or 'history' in the path.
5003	Generic redirect for item editor based on request parameters 'addanother', 'save', or 'continue'.
5004	Redirects to the appropriate item's 'continue' page after adding an item, with a customizable post-url-continue parameter.
5005	Redirects to the 'add' page of the appropriate items after a change, modifying the default redirection process for tree items.
5006	Modifies the form for TreeItem model. Sets 'Parent' field choices based on the object's parent. Adds 'known_url_names' and 'known_url_rules' fields to the form for URL pattern validation.
5007	Retrieves a tree for the current or specified tree item. If tree_id is None, it fetches the id from the item. Then, it gets the tree object, updates its verbose name and URLs, and returns the tree.
5008	"Moves tree item up or down by swapping its 'sort_order' with that of its adjacent item in the same tree and parent."
5009	Saves TreeItem under a Tree, handling self-parenting exceptions.
5010	the function get_urls returns a list of urls, it manages treeadmin and treeitemadmin urls, it also handles redirects and item operations.
5011	Function to dump sitetrees with items using django-smuggler.
5012	Dynamically creates a sitetree with specified alias, title, and items. Traverses items, appending to tree and linking them. Returns the created sitetree object.
5013	Create and return a sitetree item object with various properties such as title, URL, and access permissions.
5014	Attempts to import a sitetree module from a given application. If the module exists, returns it; otherwise, checks if the submodule exists and raises an ImportError if not.
5015	The function `get_model_class` retrieves a model class specified in project settings, handling exceptions if the model is not found. If the model is not installed, it raises an `ImproperlyConfigured` exception.
5016	Creates a configuration object from a mapping or keyword arguments by setting attributes accordingly.
5017	Create a configuration from a Python file by importing and executing the file, then using the imported module to create an instance of the class.
5018	Load configuration values from a TOML file and create a new instance of the class using the parsed data.
5019	Creates a configuration object from a Python object or module reference. If a string is provided, it attempts to import the module or attribute. Otherwise, it extracts attributes from the provided object that are not module types.
5020	Generates zipkin attributes for a span, setting trace_id and span_id randomly if not provided, and determining if the trace is sampled based on the given sample rate.
5021	Generate the headers for a new zipkin span. If context_stack or tracer is provided, get zipkin attributes from them. If not, use the default tracer. Return a dictionary with trace, span, parent span IDs, flags, and sampled values, or an empty dictionary if no attributes are found.
5022	Check if the current span is a root span. If so, determine if a new trace context is needed based on the sample rate and zipkin_attrs. If not a root span, retrieve the parent trace context from the stack and create a new child context. Return the context and whether it is sampled.
5023	The `start` method initializes a span context, setting up Zipkin tracing. It configures logging and transport if sampling and logging are enabled, and it starts the logging context if the span is the root.
5024	Stop the span context, push and pop zipkin attrs, handle exceptions, and add the span to the tracer.
5025	Updates the binary annotations for the current span, adding them to the log handler or updating the logging context directly based on whether the current span is the root span.
5026	Adds a 'sa' binary annotation to the current span for a destination.
5027	Overrides the current span name with the provided `name` and updates it in the `logging_context` if it exists.
5028	Creates a new Endpoint object with optional parameters for port, service name, and host. If use_defaults is True, sets default values for port and service name, and attempts to determine the host's IP address if not provided.
5029	Creates a new Endpoint object with the same IP address and port as the input, but with a new service name.
5030	Builds and returns a V1 Span with annotations based on timestamp, duration, kind, and user-defined annotations.
5031	Converts a list of protocol buffer Spans into a serialized binary format.
5032	Converts a py_zipkin Span to a protobuf Span by constructing keyword arguments and passing them to the protobuf Span constructor.
5033	Encodes a hexadecimal ID to big-endian binary. For IDs <= 16 chars, it converts the hex to an integer and packs it as a 64-bit big-endian binary. For IDs > 16, it splits the hex into two 16-char parts, converts each part to a 64-bit integer, packs each as big-endian, and concatenates the results.
5034	Converts py_zipkin's Kind to Protobuf's Kind
5035	Converts a py_zipkin endpoint to a Protobuf endpoint, copying relevant attributes and converting IP addresses from strings to binary format.
5036	Converts a dictionary of annotations to a list of protobuf annotations, adjusting timestamps to microseconds.
5037	Create a zipkin annotation object with a timestamp, value, and host.
5038	Create a zipkin binary annotation with key, value, annotation type, and host.
5039	Create a zipkin Endpoint object with optional parameters for port, service name, IPv4, and IPv6 addresses, returning a thrift Endpoint object with the provided information.
5040	Copies an endpoint with a new service name.
5041	Transforms a dictionary of annotations into a list of zipkin_core objects.
5042	Converts binary annotations dictionary to a list of zipkin_core objects.
5043	This function creates a Thrift representation of a span by converting various attributes into the appropriate types, including handling 128-bit trace IDs and converting timestamps from seconds to microseconds.
5044	Converts a Thrift span object to TBinaryProtocol encoded bytes.
5045	Converts a list of Thrift objects to a TBinaryProtocol encoded binary object.
5046	Detects span version and encoding from a byte array or UTF-8 encoded string. Handles both binary and JSON formats.
5047	Converts encoded spans from one encoding to another. If input encoding is not specified, it attempts to detect it automatically. Encodes each span individually and concatenates the results. Returns the spans in the desired output encoding.
5048	Stores the zipkin attributes in a thread-local stack. Deprecates the use of this function in favor of the Tracer interface for better multi-threading support.
5049	Encodes a V2 span to thrift format by building endpoint, annotations, and binary annotations, handling remote endpoints, creating a thrift span, and converting to bytes.
5050	Converts an Endpoint object to a JSON endpoint dict, handling v1 serialization specifics.
5051	Encodes a single span into a protobuf format if protbuf is installed. Raises an error if protbuf is not installed.
5052	Decodes an encoded list of spans into a list of Span objects by reading from a TMemoryBuffer using TBinaryProtocol and calling _decode_thrift_span for each span.
5053	Converts a thrift encoded endpoint to an Endpoint object by decoding the port and IP addresses.
5054	converts thrift annotations to v1 annotations, sets local_endpoint, kind, timestamp, and duration based on annotation values, and returns annotations, local_endpoint, kind, timestamp, and duration
5055	Converts a thrift binary annotation to a v1 format, extracting tags and endpoints.
5056	Converts a Thrift span to a Span object, populating fields like trace_id, name, and annotations based on the incoming Thrift span.

Summary: Converts a Thrift span to a Span object by populating fields based on the input Thrift span.
5057	Converts traceId and optional trace_id_high to a string.
5058	Converts an unsigned long value to a lowercase hex string.
5059	Writes a 64-bit unsigned integer to a bytearray at a specified position, broken down into 8-byte segments.
5060	Replace illegal February 29 and 30 dates with the last day of February.
5061	Sets transaction code in tag_dict using tag's slug.
5062	Parses "tag_dict" for an "iph_id" using a regex pattern from "tag_dict[tag.slug]" and updates "tag_dict" with the found "iph_id". Returns updated "tag_dict".
5063	mBank_set_tnr matches a regular expression in a tag dictionary to extract a unique transaction identifier (tnr) and updates the dictionary with this information if a match is found.
5064	function parse(self, data):
    parses mt940 data, expects a string, returns list of Transaction objects
5065	def parse(src, encoding=None):
Reads mt940 data from a file, string, or file handle, decodes it using specified or default encodings, and returns a collection of transactions.
5066	Join strings together and trim whitespace based on the specified strip option
5067	Converts response to JSON if Content-Type is 'application/json', otherwise returns text.
5068	Calculates the remaining time until the rate limit resets and logs a warning message with the duration in both seconds and minutes.
5069	Handle API requests with rate limiting, authentication, and retries for common HTTP errors.
5070	Asynchronously retrieves Bot information by ID, formats date, and converts empty strings to None.
5071	async def get_bots(self, limit, offset):
    Limits the request to 50 if over 500 and returns bots from the DBL API.
5072	Read a message by checking the buffer length, adjusting with incoming data until sufficient, then decode the term.
5073	```python
def write(self, message):
    """Send encoded message."""
    data = encode(message, compressed=self.compressed)
    length = len(data)
    data = self.__pack(length) + data
    with self.__write_lock:
        while data:
            n = os.write(self.out_d, data)
            if n == 0 or (n < 0 and errno.errno in (errno.EPIPE, errno.EINVAL)):
                raise EOFError()
            data = data[n:]
    return length + self.packet
```
5074	Close port by closing the input and output descriptors.
5075	def decode(string):
    """Decode Erlang external term, handling compression if present."""
    if not string: raise IncompleteData(string)
    if string[0] != 131: raise ValueError("unknown protocol version")
    if string[1:2] == b'P':  # Compressed term
        if len(string) < 16: raise IncompleteData(string)
        d = decompressobj()
        term_string = d.decompress(string[6:]) + d.flush()
        uncompressed_size, = _int4_unpack(string[2:6])
        if len(term_string) != uncompressed_size: raise ValueError("invalid compressed tag")
        term, _tail = decode_term(term_string)
        return term, d.unused_data
    else:
        return decode_term(string[1:])
5076	def encode(term, compressed=False):
    """Encode Erlang external term with optional compression."""
    encoded_term = encode_term(term)
    if compressed:
        if compressed is True:
            compressed = 6
        elif compressed < 0 or compressed > 9:
            raise ValueError("invalid compression level: %r" % compressed)
        zlib_term = compress(encoded_term, compressed)
        if len(zlib_term) + 5 <= len(encoded_term):
            return b"\x83P" + _int4_pack(len(encoded_term)) + zlib_term
    return b"\x83" + encoded_term
5077	Adds a source address for multicast communication, handling exceptions if an interface has multiple addresses, and registering the socket for polling.
5078	Sleeps if queue empty, otherwise sends first message or puts back if not ready.
5079	Sets a callback for when a remote service sends a Hello message, optionally filtering by service types and scopes.
5080	Cleans up by removing remote and local services, stops threads, and sets server started flag to False.
5081	Send "Bye" messages to services and remove them from the local services dictionary.
5082	Search for services of specified types and scopes within a given timeout after ensuring the server is started.
5083	def createSOAPMessage(env): Constructs a raw SOAP XML string based on the action in the provided SoapEnvelope object. Calls different helper functions to create specific SOAP messages for various actions.
5084	Discover systems using WS-Discovery. Optionally set log level. Run discovery with specified scope and capture option.
5085	Return the related manager for the tagged item class, handling relation from this instance.
5086	Return a list of RelatedObject records for child relations of the given model, including ancestors.
5087	Get all ParentalManyToManyFields on a model and its ancestors.
5088	This method saves a model, updates specified fields (if provided), and commits related child relations and many-to-many fields.
5089	def from_serializable_data(cls, data, check_fks=True, strict_fks=False):
    """Build an instance of this model from the provided JSON-like data, handling related objects recursively and checking foreign keys as specified."""
5090	Checks for unique-together conditions among valid forms, aggregates unique checks, and raises validation errors if duplicates are found.
5091	def has_changed(self): Check if data differs from initial, including nested formsets.
5092	Adds a valid checksum to an address and returns a new Address object with updated trytes and all ancillary attributes.
5093	set "checksum_trits" to a list absorb the trits of the address using the Kerl sponge algorithm squeeze the trits onto checksum_trits get the length of the checksum in trits convert the last "checksum_length" trits of checksum_trits to an AddressChecksum and return it
5094	Parses command-line arguments, extracts 'seed_file' if required, converts to Iota API object, and returns as dictionary.
5095	Creates an argument parser for interpreting command-line arguments and options, including options for specifying the node URI, seed file, and testnet mode.
5096	Prompts the user for a seed, encodes it in ASCII, and returns a Seed object with the entered seed or a random one if none is provided.
5097	Validates a sequence of signature fragments against a hash and public key using a cryptographic sponge.
5098	Generates a single key from the list of keys generated by `get_keys` method, using the specified index and number of iterations for security.
5099	Generates a key for a given address using its index and security level.
5100	**Summary:** Creates a generator to progressively generate keys using specified start index, step, and security level.
5101	Prepares a Kerl hash sponge for a generator by absorbing a seed and an index, squeezing the sponge, resetting it, and re-absorbing the seed.
5102	Copy trits into internal state in chunks, transforming after each chunk.
5103	Squeezes trits from the sponge by copying them into the provided sequence in lengths of HASH_LENGTH, transforming the internal state after each squeeze.
5104	Transforms internal state by iterating through rounds, updating a copy of the state based on a truth table and shifting indices for efficiency.
5105	Returns a dict containing one or more key digests generated from the seed using specified index, count, and security level.
5106	Generates private keys from a seed, with options for starting index, count, and security level.
5107	Sums up the key action and parameters of the method in a brief statement. Does not include detailed descriptions or notes.
5108	Adds two sequences of trits into a new sequence of trits equal to the length of the longest input sequence, handling overflow.
5109	Converts an integer to its trit representation with optional padding.
5110	Adds two trits, returning a single trit. Adjusts result if outside -2 to 2 range.
5111	```
Adds two trits with support for a carry trit, returning the sum and a carry.
```
5112	Outputs user's seed with security warnings and prompts to clear screen.
5113	Find transactions matching specified filters (bundles, addresses, tags, approvees) and return their hashes.
5114	Retrieves addresses with non-zero balances from a seed, optionally specifying a key range and security level. Returns the addresses and their total balance. If a threshold is set, iteration stops once the threshold is reached.
5115	Generates new addresses from the seed, with options for index, count, security level, and checksum. Returns a dictionary containing a list of the generated addresses.
5116	Returns a dictionary of bundles associated with the seed, optionally including inclusion states.
5117	Promote a transaction by adding spam on top of it. Returns a dictionary with the newly-published bundle.
5118	Replays a transaction bundle by attaching it to the Tangle with specified depth and min weight magnitude.
5119	Sends a set of transfers, creates a bundle, attaches it to the Tangle, and broadcasts/stores the transactions.
5120	Attaches, broadcasts, and stores transaction trytes on the Tangle with specified depth and min weight magnitude.
5121	Given a URI, resolves and returns a properly-configured adapter instance by parsing the URI, checking the scheme, and using a registry to create the appropriate adapter type.
5122	Raises NotImplementedError
5123	```
Sends a message to the instance's logger if configured, including an optional context.
```
5124	Sends an HTTP request with the specified URL, payload, method, and optional keyword arguments. Adds authentication and timeout if configured. Logs the request and response details. Returns the response object.
5125	def interpret_response(self, response, payload, expected_status):
Interprets an HTTP response from a node, validating against expected status codes and parsing JSON content. Raises exceptions for empty, non-JSON, or malformed responses, and specific errors for certain status codes.
5126	Seeds a response for a given command, implementing a FIFO queue for multiple responses.
5127	Adds a digest to the sponge while ensuring the address has not been extracted and maintaining the order of digest addition.
5128	def get_address(self):  
 Raises ValueError if no digests added.  
 Generates address using accumulated digests if not already created.  
 Returns the cached address otherwise.
5129	Generates an iterator to progressively create new addresses.
5130	Generates an address from a private key digest by using a sponge function to squeeze trits, then constructs the address using the resulting trits and the key index and security level from the digest.
5131	Generates a new address based on a key iterator. Uses a checksum if available, otherwise directly from the digest.
5132	def find_transaction_objects(adapter, **kwargs):
    Fetches transactions by criteria, retrieves trytes, and converts to Transaction objects.
5133	Iterates through a seed's addresses, starting from a given index, and returns a generator of addresses with their corresponding transaction hashes.
5134	Retrieves bundles from given transaction hashes, sorting them by tail transaction timestamp. Filters non-tail transactions and attaches inclusion states if requested.
5135	Checks if the specified encoding matches either the current name or the compatibility name of AsciiTrytesCodec. If it matches the compatibility name, it issues a deprecation warning and returns the codec info for the current name. If it doesn't match, it returns None.
5136	Returns codec information for the class
5137	Encodes a byte string into trytes by iterating over each byte, converting it to two corresponding tryte characters from an alphabet, and appending them to a byte array. Returns the encoded tryte string and the original byte string length.
5138	Decodes a tryte string into bytes, handling errors based on the specified strategy.
5139	Generate addresses matching parameters; connect to Tangle if count is None, otherwise return specified count.
5140	Adds a route to the wrapper, mapping a command to an adapter. If the adapter is a URI, resolves it to an adapter object.
5141	Creates a Transaction object from a sequence of trytes, computing the hash if not provided.
5142	Converts object fields to a dictionary for JSON compatibility.
5143	Returns concatenation of address, value, tag, timestamp, and index trytes
5144	Sets the `is_confirmed` attribute for the bundle and all its transactions.
5145	Attempts to extract messages from transactions in a bundle, handling errors based on specified strategy.
5146	Returns TryteString representations of the transactions in the bundle, optionally ordering them from head to tail.
5147	Groups transactions by their addresses, creating sublists of transactions for each unique address.
5148	discover_commands recursively discovers commands in a specified package, indexing them by name.
5149	Sends a request to an adapter, injects a command name, and returns the response.
5150	Checks if a value passes a filter. Raises an exception with detailed context if it fails. Returns the filtered value if successful.
5151	Constructs a URL to check the status of a job by appending the job ID to the base URL.
5152	Returns all errors found with the bundle.
5153	Returns True if the bundle has no errors, otherwise False
5154	creates a generator to validate transactions in a bundle by checking bundle hash, index, balance, and signature
5155	Validates signature fragments in a bundle. Iterates through groups, first using a supported algorithm, then a legacy algorithm if needed. Collects and returns error messages for any invalid signatures.
5156	Validates transaction signature fragments using a specified sponge type. Returns None if valid, error message if invalid.
5157	Recursively traverse the Tangle, collecting transactions until a new bundle is encountered. This method ensures faster traversal and prevents collecting transactions from replayed bundles.
5158	Starts the REPL for the given IOTA API client, initializing it with the `api` variable. Displays a banner with the API URI and network type. If IPython is available, uses it for the interactive shell; otherwise, falls back to a basic Python shell.
5159	Generates a random seed with a specified length using a CSPRNG. Default length is 81 trytes.
5160	Generates a digest from a signing key by breaking it into fragments, hashing each fragment using PBKDF2, and then squeezing the hashes into a constant-length digest.
5161	def sign_input_transactions(self, bundle, start_index):
    """Signs input transactions starting at the specified index in the bundle."""
    if not bundle.hash:
        raise ValueError("Cannot sign inputs without a bundle hash!")

    generator = SignatureFragmentGenerator(self, bundle.hash)

    for j in range(self.security_level):
        try:
            txn = bundle[start_index + j]
        except IndexError:
            raise ValueError(f"Invalid transaction index {start_index + j}.")

        if txn.value > 0:
            raise ValueError(f"Transaction #{txn.current_index} is not an input (value={txn.value}).")

        if txn.signature_message_fragment:
            raise ValueError(f"Transaction #{txn.current_index} is already signed.")

        txn.signature_message_fragment = next(generator)
5162	Writes a custom pretty-printer for IPython that makes JSON-serializable objects printable in a user-friendly way.
5163	Absorbs trits into the sponge from a buffer, padding as necessary, and updating the sponge state with the converted bytes.
5164	This method squeezes trits from a sponge into a buffer. It pads the input if necessary, calculates the number of trits to squeeze, and iterates to squeeze trits from the sponge, converting them and updating the state accordingly.
5165	Attaches a context dictionary to an exception object and returns the updated exception.
5166	Generates a filter chain for validating a security level, ensuring it is an integer between 1 and 3, with an optional default.
5167	Increments the transaction's legacy tag by adding 1 using Trits.
5168	Determines the most relevant tag for the bundle by examining ProposedTransactions in reverse order and returns the first non-empty tag found; otherwise returns an empty tag.
5169	Adds a transaction to the bundle, splits long messages into multiple transactions if necessary.
5170	Finalizes the bundle by checking if it's already finalized, ensuring it has transactions, and validating the balance. Adjusts the bundle hash if necessary, then assigns it to each transaction.
5171	Signs inputs in a finalized bundle using keys provided by a KeyGenerator, ensuring each transaction is properly secured based on its security level. Transactions with negative values are signed with the corresponding key; others are skipped.
5172	Signs the input transaction at the specified index using the provided private key. Raises an error if the bundle is not finalized.
5173	Creates transactions for an address, spending its balance and adding additional transactions for signatures, up to the security level minus one.
5174	Converts a value with a unit symbol to a different unit symbol, returning the converted value as a float.
5175	Recovers uncompressed G1 point from compressed point by computing and validating the y-coordinate using the elliptic curve equation and flags.
5176	Implemented the Extended Euclidean Algorithm to compute the modular inverse of a number 'a' under modulo 'n'. Returns the modular inverse if 'a' and 'n' are coprime, otherwise returns 0.
5177	Read JSON file and create an instance of the class.
5178	This method `find_word_groups` takes a string `text` and a category of words, then combines words into groups based on their proximity within the text. It uses regular expressions to find matches and combine them if they are within a specified proximity.
5179	def find_synonym(self, word):
    """
    Given a string and a dict of synonyms, returns the 'preferred'
    word. Case insensitive. Returns the input word if not found.
    """
5180	def expand_abbreviations(self, text):
    """Replace abbreviations in text with their full word equivalents using the lexicon.abbreviations dict."""
    if not self.abbreviations:
        raise LexiconError("No abbreviations in lexicon.")
    def chunks(data, SIZE=25):
        """Chunk abbreviations dictionary to support regex groups."""
        it = iter(data)
        for i in range(0, len(data), SIZE):
            yield {k: data[k] for k in islice(it, SIZE)}
    def cb(g):
        """Regex callback to replace matched abbreviations."""
        return self.abbreviations.get(g.group(0)) or g.group(0)
    text = re.sub(r'w/', r'wi', text)
    for subdict in chunks(self.abbreviations):
        regex = r'(\b' + r'\b)|(\b'.join(subdict.keys()) + r'\b)'
        text = re.sub(regex, cb, text)
    return text
5181	Splits a description into parts using specified delimiters, while protecting special sequences like "in." and "ft."
5182	Returns a list of category names from the lexicon, excluding special categories.
5183	Returns a minimal Decor with a random color.
5184	Create a simple plot of the Decor. Optional arguments for figure and axis. Returns the same figure or axis passed in, or a new plot object if none are provided.
5185	Generate a default legend for a given name. Returns a Legend object from the built-in defaults.py.
5186	Generate a timescale legend from a CSV using a specified name.
5187	Generates a random legend for a given list of components. Can include widths and uniform colour.
5188	def from_image(cls, filename, components, ignore=None, col_offset=0.1, row_offset=2):
    Loads an image, extracts top colors, and creates Decor objects for the given components.
5189	Read CSV text and generate a Legend object, handling filename or text input, parsing properties, creating components and Decors, and checking for duplicates.
5190	Converts the legend data to a CSV string by iterating through rows and collecting properties.
5191	The method `max_width` calculates the maximum width of Decors in a Legend. It iterates through rows in the Legend's list, retrieves the width of each Decor, and returns the maximum width found. If no rows or widths are present, it returns 0.
5192	Retrieves a `Decor` object for a given `Component` based on matching attributes, returning `None` if no match is found.
5193	Get attribute of a component, return default if not found.
5194	Get the component corresponding to a display colour, optionally allowing a tolerance for partial matches, and return the best match or a default if no match is found within the tolerance.
5195	def plot(self, fmt=None):
    """Plot legend members using Decor.plot()"""
    for elem in self.__list:
        elem.plot(fmt=fmt)
5196	Generate a Component from text using a Lexicon, optionally checking for a required attribute.
5197	def summary(self, fmt=None, initial=True, default=''):
    format the component's attributes as a string based on fmt, suppress the summary if fmt is empty, and capitalize the first letter if initial is True. If no component is defined and default is provided, return default.
5198	This function acts as a graceful deprecation warning for the 'Rock' class, which has been renamed to 'Component'. When called, it emits a deprecation warning and returns an instance of the 'Component' class with the provided arguments.
5199	STRUCTURE CLEAR.
5200	Parse text into a dict of results by splitting into rows, processing each row's header and content, grouping by card type, and flattening single-item groups.
5201	Private method checks if striplog depths are monotonically increasing.
5202	Summarizes a Striplog with statistics, returning a list of (Component, total_thickness) tuples sorted by total thickness in descending order.
5203	Scales tops to actual depths, creates intervals from them, and returns a list of Intervals.
5204	Cleans and organizes longitudinal data for striplog creation. Renames 'depth' or 'MD' to 'top', sorts by the 'top' values, removes null-like values if specified. Raises error if 'top' not found.
5205	Reads a Petrel text file, cleans and processes the data, and creates a_striplog from the intervals.
5206	Takes a data dictionary, reconstructs a list of Intervals, and applies filters and adjustments to construct the final list of intervals.
5207	Load data from a CSV file or text, process it, and return a Striplog object.
5208	The method `from_image` reads an image file, extracts pixel values at specified offsets, identifies unique colors, maps them to components in a legend, and generates a Striplog object representing the data.
5209	Converts a 1D log array into a striplog object by binning values based on cutoffs and components. Handles various input options and error checks.
5210	Converts an LAS3 'lithology' section into a Striplog using a regex pattern to extract data and handles optional abbreviations and language conversion.
5211	Reads a Canstrat DAT file, parses it, and creates a striplog from the lithology information.
5212	Returns a shallow copy of the object, copying each element and preserving attributes.
5213	Converts the summaries of Intervals to a CSV string or writes it to a file. Uses descriptions if available, specifies delimiter, and optionally includes a header.
5214	Converts data to LAS 3.0 format. Uses descriptions if specified, with a customizable delimiter.
5215	Plots rectangles on a matplotlib axis using data from an object. Accepts various parameters like legend, ladder, width, and color settings. Returns the modified axis object.
5216	Get data from the striplog, applying an optional function and handling missing values with a default or NaN.
5217	def extract(self, log, basis, name, function=None):
    """
    Extracts a log into the components of a striplog.

    Args:
        log (array_like): Data array.
        basis (array_like): Depth or elevation values.
        name (str): Name of attribute to store.
        function (function, optional): Custom function to transform data.

    Returns:
        None: Modifies the striplog in place.
    """
    intervals = {}
    previous_ix = -1
    for i, z in enumerate(basis):
        ix = self.read_at(z, index=True)
        if ix is None:
            continue
        if ix == previous_ix:
            intervals[ix].append(log[i])
        else:
            intervals[ix] = [log[i]]
        previous_ix = ix

    for ix, data in intervals.items():
        f = function or utils.null
        d = f(np.array(data))
        self[ix].data[name] = d

    return None
5218	Searches through a striplog's descriptions or summaries for a given regex pattern or component, returns matching intervals or indices.
5219	Identify intervals with gaps in a striplog and return them as a new striplog, optionally with indices.
5220	Finds gaps in a striplog, returning their indices if specified.
5221	This method prunes intervals from a striplog based on a specified thickness limit, number of thinnest intervals, or a percentile. It allows for keeping the first and last intervals if desired. The method modifies the striplog in place and returns the pruned striplog.
5222	This method `anneal` fills in empty intervals within a data structure by adjusting the top and bottom values. It works in-place and may alter metadata associated with the top or base of the gaps. The method uses the `order` attribute to determine how to calculate the adjustment. If `order` is 'depth', it calculates the midpoint between the top z and base z values and adjusts accordingly. If `order` is not 'depth', it calculates the midpoint between the base and top values and adjusts the top and bottom accordingly. The method returns the modified data structure.
5223	Fill gaps with the specified component and return a copy of the object with the filled gaps.
5224	Merges two striplogs by combining overlapping intervals. Raises an error if the arguments are not striplogs. Returns a new striplog containing the union of all intervals.
5225	Strips self and other. Returns intersecting intervals as a new striplog.
5226	To merge overlapping intervals in-place, identify overlaps, remove the overlapping segments, merge them, and insert the new segment. Repeat until no more overlaps are found. Note: The function does not handle multiple overlaps at a segment's boundaries.
5227	function to plot histogram and return data
5228	Inverts the striplog's order and the order of its contents. Operates in place unless `copy` is True, in which case a new inverted copy is returned.
5229	Crops the striplog to a new depth range specified by the extent tuple. Options to operate in place or return a new striplog.
5230	Run a series of tests and return the results as booleans or integers.
5231	Converts a hexadecimal color code to a color name using matplotlib's color names. Returns the color name in lowercase if found, otherwise returns None.
5232	Reads an image, extracts a specified column of RGB values, and returns that column as a 2D array.
5233	Return "_" if the specified field is missing, either due to a KeyError (key is absent) or an IndexError (value is missing).
5234	lists all jobs registered with Nomad, optionally filtering by prefix
5235	```python
def parse(hcl, canonicalize=False):
    """Parse a HCL Job file and return the JSON formatted job as a dict."""
```
5236	Updates an ACL token by making a POST request to the Nomad API. Takes token ID and new token value as arguments. Returns the updated token as a dictionary. Raises exceptions on errors.
5237	Retrieves allocations with an optional prefix filter.
5238	This method marks a deployment as failed by sending a POST request to the Nomad API with the deployment ID. It returns a dictionary response from the server and may raise exceptions if the request fails.
5239	This method `pause_deployment` pauses or resumes a deployment in Nomad, identified by `id`, by sending a POST request with a JSON payload containing the pause status. Returns a dictionary response or raises exceptions on failure.
5240	Set the health of allocations in a deployment manually. Takes deployment ID, list of healthy allocations, and list of unhealthy allocations. Returns a dictionary. Raises exceptions for errors.
5241	Toggle the node drain mode. When enabled, no further allocations are assigned, and existing allocations are migrated.
5242	This method toggles the drain mode of a Nomad node. It accepts the node ID, a drain specification, and an optional marking eligibility. The method constructs a payload based on the provided arguments and makes a POST request to enable or disable the drain mode. If no drain spec is provided, the method toggles the drain mode.
5243	Toggle a Nomad node's eligibility status based on the provided ID and eligibility/ineligibility flags. If both flags are specified or neither is specified, raise an error. Return the updated node eligibility status as a dictionary.
5244	List files in an allocation directory. Returns a list of files, raises exceptions on failure.
5245	Streams file contents from an allocation directory by ID, offset, and origin, optionally specifying a path. Returns file text. Raises exceptions on errors.
5246	Def stat_file(self, id=None, path="/"):
  """Stat a file in an allocation directory.
  Args: - id - path Returns: dict Raises: - nomad.api.exceptions.BaseNomadException - nomad.api.exceptions.URLNotFoundNomadException"""
5247	Enters an agent join operation with the provided addresses, returning a JSON response or raising exceptions for errors.
5248	def update_servers(self, addresses):
    """Replaces the list of known servers with the provided addresses."""
    return self.request("servers", params={"address": addresses}, method="post").status_code
5249	Force a failed gossip member into the left state by sending a POST request with the node's name as a parameter. Returns a 200 status code on success.
5250	Lists all Nomad client nodes, filtering by a prefix if provided. Returns a list of nodes or raises an exception.
5251	Lists evaluations with an optional prefix filter. Returns a list of evaluations. Raises exceptions on API errors.
5252	Get namespaces registered with Nomad, optionally filtering by prefix. Returns list of namespaces. Raises exceptions on error.
5253	Registers or updates a job by sending a POST request with the job details. Returns the job as a dictionary. Raises exceptions on errors.
5254	Invoke a scheduler dry-run for a job with optional diff and policy override parameters. Returns a JSON response.
5255	Dispatch a job with an ID, optional payload, and optional metadata. Returns job details. May raise exceptions for errors.
5256	Reverts a job to a specified version, optionally enforcing a prior version as a check-and-set value. Returns the job details in JSON format. Raises exceptions on failure.
5257	This method `stable_job` sets the stability of a job in Nomad by making a POST request. It takes three parameters: `id` (job ID), `version` (job version to revert to), and `stable` (boolean indicating whether the job should be marked as stable). It returns a dictionary and may raise exceptions if the request fails.
5258	def deregister_job(self, id, purge=None):
    """Deregisters job and stops allocations. Optionally purge immediately or defer to garbage collector."""
    params = {"purge": purge} if purge is not None else None
    if purge is not None and not isinstance(purge, bool):
        raise nomad.api.exceptions.InvalidParameters("purge must be a boolean")
    return self.request(id, params=params, method="delete").json()
5259	Queries Nomad's operator configuration status, optionally using stale data.
5260	Deletes a Nomad server from the Raft configuration using its address. Optionally specifies to respond without an active leader. Returns a boolean indicating success. Raises exceptions on API errors or if the URL is not found.
5261	def get_deployments(self, prefix=""):
    Returns list of dicts representing deployments, filtered by prefix if provided. Raises exceptions on errors.
5262	Get a random mutator from a list related to the given object type and configuration level.
5263	Convert unicode to str, then get a random mutator for the given type and apply it to the object.
5264	Return a random polyglot attack format containing the original object.
5265	def fuzz(self, obj):  
    Convert input to list  
    Generate random fuzz factor  
    Calculate number of writes based on fuzz factor  
    Perform random actions for specified number of writes  
    Convert list back to safe unicode and return
5266	def safe_unicode(self, buf): Safely return a Unicode-encoded string by joining characters.
5267	Start the servers and configure routes. If HTML is enabled, serve custom HTML files. If fuzzing is configured, start the request checker. Finally, start both HTTP and HTTPS servers.
5268	Terminates HTTP and HTTPS servers using os.kill, signals them with SIGKILL, puts a termination signal in the client_queue, and if fuzzing is enabled, joins the request_checker thread. Logs a completion message with the current time.
5269	Serve custom HTML page and handle exceptions
5270	Serve fuzzed JSON object with appropriate headers and client queue handling.
5271	Generic fuzz mutator that applies a decorator for the given object type.
5272	Spawn a new process using subprocess, handling input, shell execution, and timeout.
5273	Try to get output in a separate thread, writing stdin content if specified, and handling exceptions.
5274	Waits for output from a process or until a timeout occurs, closes the process if timed out.
5275	Terminate the process, capture the return code, close stdin, stdout, stderr, and log the completion time.
5276	Parse command line args and start PyJFuzz using PJFWorker based on specified options
5277	Performs external fuzzing using a specified command, replacing "@@" with the input object or using stdin if configured. Logs completion or raises exceptions on error.
5278	Decorator to convert PJFFactory.fuzzed output to a printable JSON structure with optional indentation and UTF-8 encoding.
5279	recursive method to build string instance with optional prerequisites and shortest reference-chain flag
5280	Builds an "And" instance, processing values with optional prerequisites and shortest reference-chain handling.
5281	The method `build` constructs a string representation of a `Quote` instance based on its properties and the provided parameters. It handles escaping for different contexts.
5282	Builds an ``Or`` instance. If ``shortest`` is true and ``shortest_vals`` is available, chooses a value with the minimal reference chain from ``shortest_vals``. Otherwise, chooses a value from ``values``.
5283	Builds the current Opt instance. If pre is None, it is set to an empty list. If shortest is True or a random number is less than or equal to prob, it raises an OptGram error. Otherwise, it calls the super class's build method with the pre and shortest parameters.
5284	Fetches rule from GramFuzzer, builds it, handles prerequisites and recursion.
5285	If `pre` is None, set it to an empty list. If `shortest` is True, raise an OptGram error. Otherwise, call the super class's `build` method with the given parameters.
5286	Shut down the running process and monitor, logging the completion and handling any exceptions.
5287	Monitors process exit code and checks for segmentation fault.
5288	def start_monitor(self, standalone=True):
    try:
        self.start()
        cmdline = shlex.split(self.config.process_to_monitor)
        if standalone:
            signal.signal(signal.SIGINT, self.shutdown)
        while not self.finished:
            self.process = subprocess.Popen(cmdline, stdin=PIPE, stdout=PIPE, stderr=PIPE)
            self.process.wait()
            if self._is_sigsegv(self.process.returncode):
                if self.config.debug:
                    print("[INFO] Process crashed with SIGSEGV, waiting for testcase...")
                while not self.got_testcase():
                    time.sleep(1)
                self.save_testcase(self.testcase[-10:])
            if self.process:
                self.process = subprocess.Popen(cmdline, stdin=PIPE, stdout=PIPE, stderr=PIPE)
    except OSError:
        self.shutdown()
        self.process = False
        self.got_testcase = lambda: True
        raise PJFProcessExecutionError("Binary does not exist")
    except Exception as e:
        raise PJFBaseException("Unknown error")
5289	Generate a random float between `a` and `b` (or 0.0 and `a` if `b` is not provided).
5290	Adds a new rule definition to a category, optionally tracking changes.
5291	Associate rule definition names with category groups.
5292	This method `gen` generates a specified number of rules (num) from a given category (cat), considering optional preferred categories. It handles validation, normalization, and processing of rules, including recursion depth and preferred group selection with a specified probability.
5293	This method recursively fstruggles elements inside an object, mutating or ignoring them based on configuration settings.
5294	def fuzzed(self): Attempts to return a fuzzed object as a printable string. If strong fuzzing is enabled, uses PJFMutators to fuzz the JSON representation of self.config. If URL encoding is enabled, encodes the fuzzed object using urllib.parse.quote. Returns the fuzzed object after appropriate encoding or formatting. Handles exceptions by raising PJFBaseException with the error message.
5295	Return the fuzzed object from the JSON data, handling arrays specially, and raise an exception if an error occurs.
5296	Defines a decorator to mutate objects based on their type by calling a decorated function and applying the appropriate mutator from a class attribute.
5297	Renders a signal to the child and exits if running; stops directly if waiting.
5298	If the child process is running, kill it and exit. Otherwise, exit immediately.
5299	This method sets the state of the object to paused. If a running child process exists, it kills the process and sets an exit callback.
5300	Sets the state to waiting to resume child spawning.
5301	Stops a running child process, kills it, sets the exit callback, changes state to paused.
5302	restart the subprocess by setting the state to RESTARTING, killing the current process, starting a new one, and updating the state to RUNNING or WAITING based on success
5303	Retrieve a list of events since the last poll. Block up to 30 seconds if no events occur. Return a list of :class:`.SkypeEvent`.
5304	def setMood(self, mood): Update user's mood. Sets new mood message via API and updates local user object.
5305	définit une méthode pour mettre à jour la photographie de profil d'un utilisateur dans l'API Skype.
5306	Retrieve metadata associated with a URL using SkypeConnection.
5307	Retrieve contact details by user identifier. Handle exceptions for non-contacts and return a SkypeContact object.
5308	Fetch and return user information using a user identifier.
5309	Retrieve bots from Skype API and return a list of SkypeBotUser objects.
5310	Retrieve a single bot using a UUID or username, return the bot user object or None if the bot is not found.
5311	def search(query):
    Perform a search in the Skype Directory for users matching the query.
    Args: query (str): Search term.
    Returns: list of SkypeUser matching the query.
5312	Retrieve and return pending contact requests from Skype.
5313	Create a new instance of a class based on raw API properties, with an optional parent Skype instance and a dictionary of raw content.
5314	Merges properties and raw data from another object into the current object, skipping None values.
5315	def merge(self, obj):
5316	This method `syncStateCall` is used to handle pagination implicitly by following sync state URLs provided by an API endpoint. It keeps track of these URLs and uses the latest one for subsequent requests. If a `syncState` endpoint is present in the response, it updates the URL and query string accordingly. The method makes an HTTP request, processes the JSON response, and stores any new sync state URLs for future use.
5317	Attempts to re-establish a connection using previously acquired tokens. Validates the Skype token and re-registers if the registration token is invalid. Raises exception if token file cannot be used to authenticate.
5318	Store connection details in a private token file for later re-authentication.
5319	Ensure the authentication token for the given auth method is valid. Raises an exception if Skype auth is required and the token has expired.
5320	Refreshes the Skype token and extends its expiry time. Raises exceptions on login rejection or processing failure.
5321	```text
Retrieves the authenticated user's ID from Skype and stores it locally.
```
5322	Acquire registration token, verify it, and update token file if specified.
5323	Retrieve and process user endpoints, storing them in self.endpoints["all"].
5324	Checks if a Microsoft account exists for a given username or email address.
5325	Function to refresh an existing Skype token and get the refreshed token along with its expiry time, handling potential authentication errors.
5326	Requests a new registration token using a current Skype token. Returns the registration token, expiry, endpoint hostname, and endpoint. Raises exceptions on failure.
5327	Configure endpoint presence with optional display name.
5328	Send a keep-alive request for the endpoint with a maximum active time specified by the timeout argument.
5329	```python
Retrieve recent conversations, cache them, and return as a list of SkypeChat objects.
```
5330	Get conversation by ID, update with thread info if present, return merged chat object.
5331	Create a new group chat with the current user as an admin and other admins from the provided list as admins, adding all other members as regular users.
5332	Extracts username from Skype URL
5333	Extract conversation ID from Skype API URL using regex. Returns identifier if found, otherwise returns None.
5334	Generates items by repeatedly calling a function until it returns a false-y value, optionally transforming each result.
5335	Return unicode text, no matter what
5336	```
detect_format(text, handlers) determines which handler to use based on a dictionary of opening delimiters and their corresponding handlers. It returns a handler instance if a match is found, otherwise, it returns None.
```
5337	Parse text for frontmatter, merge with defaults, and return metadata and content. If no frontmatter, return empty metadata and original text.
5338	Converts object to dictionary for serialization, copying metadata and adding content.
5339	Parse YAML front matter, using yaml.SafeLoader by default.
5340	def export(self, metadata, **kwargs):
    """
    Export metadata as YAML with default settings for Dumper, flow style, and unicode.
    """
    kwargs.setdefault('Dumper', yaml.SafeDumper)
    kwargs.setdefault('default_flow_style', False)
    kwargs.setdefault('allow_unicode', True)

    metadata = yaml.dump(metadata, **kwargs).strip()
    return unicode(metadata)
5341	def export(self, metadata, **kwargs):
    "Convert metadata to JSON"
    kwargs.setdefault('indent', 4)
    metadata = json.dumps(metadata, **kwargs)
    return u(metadata)
5342	Cache match object if string hasn't changed; otherwise, recompute and cache it.
5343	Return a list of item strings from the input, excluding sub-items and the start pattern.
5344	Return sub-lists from the item at index i, optionally filtered by a pattern. If i is None, return all sub-lists. Performance is better if i and pattern are specified.
5345	Replace pattern starting points with newstart in the list and update the pattern.
5346	Parse template content, create self.name and self.arguments by identifying and processing argument spans.
5347	This method returns all lists from the arguments, optionally filtering by a pattern. For better performance, it suggests getting a specific argument and using that argument's `lists` method instead.
5348	Create a Trie from a list of strings to efficiently match patterns faster than using a simple regex union.
5349	Converts a trie to a regex pattern by recursively building subpatterns and handling optional elements.
5350	Adjusts start and stop indices for given key in string setter, handling int and slice types, and validating index/stop ranges.
5351	Inserts a string at a specified index in a sequence, updating internal data structures for spans and types. Adjusts indices to handle negative and out-of-bounds values. Parses the inserted string and updates type spans accordingly.
5352	Partition a string to separate the part before, the character, and the part after, excluding characters not in atomic spans.
5353	Return all sub-spans for the given type.
5354	Updates self._type_to_spans by removing the specified range [rmstart, rmstop) from existing spans. Handles overlapping and adjacent spans carefully to maintain data integrity.
5355	### Summary:
Adjusts span ranges in `self._type_to_spans` by adding a given length to existing spans that overlap with or following a specified index.
5356	Calculate nesting level by checking if span is within Template or ParserFunction spans.
5357	Return a copy of self.string with specific sub-spans replaced by spaces or underscores. Cache the result for efficiency.
5358	Replace invalid characters in SPAN_PARSER_TYPES with placeholders, selectively for specific types.
5359	Converts type spans to fit a new scope defined by _span.
5360	Deprecates 'pprint' and recommends using 'pformat' with optional 'indent' and 'remove_comments' parameters.
5361	Return a list of Parameter objects by iterating over subspans with type 'Parameter'.
5362	Return a list of ParserFunction objects based on spans.
5363	Return a list of templates as template objects.
5364	Return a list of `WikiLink` objects.
5365	Return a list of comment objects by creating Comment instances with the current string and spans.
5366	Identify and return a list of external link objects found in the text, considering templates adjacent to links as part of the link.
5367	Return a list of sections in the current wikitext, ensuring the first section is always the lead section.
5368	Return a list of table objects found by iterating through the shadow and adding spans to the tables list.
5369	Return a list of WikiList objects based on a given pattern.
5370	Return all tags with the given name, or all extension tags if no name is provided.
5371	Yield sub-span indices of a given type, excluding the instance's own span.
5372	```python
Returns the ancestors of the current node, optionally filtering by type.
```
5373	Return the parent WikiText object of the current object, optionally filtered by type.
5374	def mode(list_: List[T]) -> T: Returns the most common item in the list, or the first one if there are ties, or raises ValueError if the list is empty.
5375	Return the first argument with the given name from the iterable, if found; otherwise, return None.
5376	def normal_name(self, rm_namespaces=('Template',), capital_links=False, _code=None, code=None, capitalize=False) -> str:
    """Return normal form of self.name by removing comments, language code, namespaces, underscores, consecutive spaces, and optionally capitalizing the first letter. Deprecated parameters `_code` and `capital_links` are also considered."""
5377	Remove first occurrences of duplicate argument names from a list while preserving the order of the remaining arguments and the rendered wikitext.
5378	Function `rm_dup_args_safe` removes duplicate arguments from a list of arguments based on their name and value. It keeps the last occurrence of each duplicate and removes the others, unless the first occurrence is empty. If the first occurrence is empty and the second is not, it removes the second one. It can append a tag to the value of the remaining duplicate arguments.
5379	Sets or adds an argument with the given name and value, handling positional and spacing considerations.
5380	Return the last argument with the given name, or None if not found.
5381	Returns if a named argument exists and optionally matches a value
5382	Delete all arguments with a given name from a list of arguments, iterating in reverse order to avoid skipping items during deletion.
5383	```
Crucial parameters: codetype, code, format.
URL transformation based on parameters.
Fetches CRS code from spatialreference.org.
Converts result to string if necessary.
Returns CRS string in specified format.
```
5384	def find(ellipsname, crstype, strict=False):
    Converts input name to lowercase and replaces spaces with underscores if strict is False. Iterates over global variables, checks if itemname starts with "_" or equals "Ellipsoid", and if item has the specified CRS attribute. Returns item if ellipsoid name matches, otherwise returns None.
5385	Retrieves CRS object from URL, parses string as specified format or autodetects if not provided.
5386	Reads a crs object from a file based on its extension, parsing the content according to the file format.
5387	load crs object from epsg code using spatialreference.org and proj4 representation, returns CS instance
5388	Function from_esri_code loads a CRS object from an ESRI code by first converting it to a proj4 string using utils.crscode_to_string, and then creating a CRS instance with from_proj4.
5389	Convert SR-ORG code to CRS object using proj4.
5390	def from_unknown_text(text, strict=False):
    Detect crs string format and parse into crs object with appropriate function.
5391	Writes raw header content to specified output stream.
5392	```python
In the `read_from` method, a new instance of `RawVLR` is created. The method reads the header from the `data_stream` using `RawVLRHeader.from_stream`, then reads the record data based on the header's length. The method returns the instantiated `RawVLR` object.
```
5393	def parse_geo_tiff_keys_from_vlrs(vlr_list: vlrlist.VLRList) -> List[GeoTiffKey]:
    Extracts GeoTiff keys from VLRs in a LAS file.
5394	Converts GeoTiff VLRs to structured GeoTiffKey objects.
5395	def get_signedness_for_extra_dim(type_index):
    Attempts to retrieve the signedness for a given type index from a predefined dictionary. If the type index is not found, it raises an UnknownExtraType error.
5396	Retrieves the index of a type string based on predefined mappings; raises an exception if the type is not found.
5397	Construct a new PackedPointRecord from an existing one with the ability to change to a new point format.
5398	Copies field values from another record to the current record's dimensions, ignoring fields that cause a ValueError.
5399	Appends zeros to the `array` attribute if the length of `value` is greater.
5400	Returns a frozenset of all dimension names, including sub-field names and their packed fields.
5401	Creates a new point record with all dimensions initialized to zero.
5402	Reads points from a stream into a NumPy array and constructs a point record. Handles incomplete data and missing points gracefully.
5403	Construct point record from compressed buffer.
5404	Converts x positions using scale and offset.
5405	Returns scaled y positions of points as doubles using scale_dimension function.
5406	Returns scaled z positions by applying z_scale and z_offset to self.Z.
5407	Adds a new extra dimension to the point record with the given name, type, and optional description. The method ensures that the dimension name is replaced with underscores, finds the type ID for the dimension, and creates a new `ExtraBytesStruct` with the specified details. It then appends this struct to the `ExtraBytesVlr` VLR, or creates a new VLR if one does not already exist, and finally adds the new dimension to the point data.
5408	Writes data to a stream, optionally compressing it using LAZ. Updates header, handles VLRs, calculates offsets, compresses points if requested, and writes headers, VLRs, and point data to the stream.
5409	Writes data to a file, optionally compressing it based on the file extension or a provided flag.
5410	Writes data to a file or stream, optionally compressing the output based on file extension or explicit flag.
5411	Builds a dictionary mapping point format IDs to NumPy dtypes.
5412	Builds a dictionary mapping point format IDs to numpy dtypes, unpacking bit fields for direct access.
5413	Converts numpy dtype to point format ID, validates exact match, raises error if no match found.
5414	Returns file version supporting given point_format_id; raises if not supported.
5415	Checks if a point format is compatible with a given file version by verifying its presence in a predefined dictionary. Raises an exception if the file version is not supported.
5416	def get(self, vlr_type): Filters the list of vlrs and returns those of the requested type. Always returns a list, even if there is only one matching vlr.
5417	Removes vlrs of a specified type from the list and returns them.
5418	Reads `num_to_read` VLRs from `data_stream` and appends them to a `VLRList`, handling decode errors by logging failures.
5419	Returns True if all files have the same point format ID.
5420	Returns true if all files have the same numpy datatype
5421	Reads first 4 bytes of a stream to check if they match the LAS file signature, raises an error if they don't
5422	Seeks to the start position of the stream and reads the header using HeaderFactory.
5423	Seeks to the start of VLRs and reads them, returning a VLRList.
5424	private method to read points from LAS file; determines point format and whether points are compressed; handles compressed points using laszip if necessary; returns point data
5425	Reads and decompresses point records from a compressed LAS file, handling chunk tables and point formats.
5426	reads and returns waveform header and record
5427	Moves the file stream to the start of the EVLRs and reads them into an EVLRList.
5428	Warns if the current position in the stream does not match the expected position, indicating unknown bytes between specified points.
5429	### open_las()
- Opens and reads the header of LAS content from a source file or file-like object.
- Accepts a filename (str) or a file-like object (io.BytesIO).
- If a filename is provided, `closefd` determines whether the file is closed after reading.
- Returns a pylas.lasreader.LasReader object.
- Raises ValueError if `closefd` is True with a filename.
5430	def read_las(source, closefd=True):
    Opens the LAS file, reads it into memory, and returns a LasBase object.
5431	Creates a File from an existing header by copying it, resetting the point count, and allocating an empty point array based on the header's point format ID. Returns a LasData object for the appropriate version.
5432	Function to create a new empty las data object. Sets the point format and file version, raising an exception if they are incompatible. If only point format is provided, file version is automatically selected. Returns a new las data object.
5433	converts a Las file to a different point format, automatically upgrading the file version if necessary. Upgrades may be prevented by specifying a lower file version. Raises an error if the requested point format is incompatible with the file version.
5434	Merges multiple LAS files into one, handling single or multiple inputs, checking file formats, and updating headers and point data accordingly.
5435	Writes the given LAS file to a BytesIO object, reads it back, and returns the newly read file.
5436	Returns creation date from las file using year and day of year
5437	Saves the year and day of year from the input date objects as instance variables.
5438	Returns the minimum values of x, y, and z as a numpy array.
5439	Sets minimum values for x, y, z attributes as a numpy array.
5440	Returns maximum values of x, y, z as a numpy array
5441	Sets the maximum values of x, y, z as a numpy array.
5442	Returns a numpy array of scaling values for x, y, and z.
5443	Returns a numpy array of the x, y, and z offsets.
5444	def peek_file_version(cls, stream):
    Read and return file version as a string from the input stream without altering its position.
5445	Converts an old header to a new version by copying its buffer and updating the version attribute.
5446	Extracts a sub-field from a source array using a mask. Applies the mask to isolate the sub-field, shifts it to the least significant bit position, and converts the result to the specified data type.
5447	Packing method:
Packs values from a sub field array into another array using a specified mask. Checks for overflow and handles in-place or out-of-place operations.
5448	Returns a list of dimensions lost during a conversion from one point format to another.
5449	Returns a dictionary mapping sub field names to tuples of composed dimension names and sub field objects
5450	Returns the total size of extra dimensions in bytes.
5451	Returns True if the point format includes waveform packet dimensions.
5452	def main(port, ip, command, loglevel): Sets up logging level, initializes satel_integra library, and runs demo command if specified.
5453	Function to calculate checksum for a given command using provided formula
5454	Converts binary data to a hex string for debugging.
5455	Verify checksum and strip header/footer of frame.
5456	Returns list of bit positions where bits are set to one in given data.
5457	Adds header, calculates checksum, appends it, replaces FE with FE-F0, and adds footer to command data.
5458	Demo function initializes an event loop, creates an instance of AsyncSatel, and runs tasks to connect, arm, disarm, keep alive, and monitor status.
5459	Make a TCP connection to the alarm system, log errors, and return success status.
5460	Start monitoring for interesting events. Send query data, read response. Log warning if no data or response not accepted.
5461	- Logs disarming command
- Ensures code is 16 characters long by appending 'F'
- Converts code to bytes
- Generates query with command type, code bytes, and partition bytes
- Sends data
5462	Asynchronously sends a command to clear the alarm using a provided code and partition list. Logs the command being sent and ensures the code is 16 characters long by appending 'F' if necessary. Converts the code to bytes, constructs a query with the appropriate data, and then sends the data.
5463	Turn on or off an alarm output using a code and output ID.
5464	Calling `keep_alive` sends a request to the device to keep the connection alive by sending a status query every `_keep_alive_timeout` seconds, stopping if the connection is closed.
5465	Start monitoring alarm status by sending commands to satel integra and handling updates through callbacks in a loop.
5466	Stops monitoring, marks as closed, and closes the connection if connected.
5467	Clears the database for the user associated with `self.user_id`.
5468	Guess the file type (notebook, directory, or file) based on the path. Consider directories only if allowed.
5469	Get file ID from database using path, handle NoSuchFile exception
5470	Fetches a notebook from the database using the provided path, decrypts it if necessary, and returns the notebook model.
5471	Builds a notebook model from a database record, setting the path, type, and timestamps. Optionally processes content, trusts cells, and validates the model.
5472	Retrieve directory from database, handle exceptions for non-existent or incorrect types, convert database record to model.
5473	Converts records in `file_records` to either `Notebook` or `File` models based on file type detected by `guess_type`.
5474	Build a directory model from a database record, optionally including subdirectories and file content in JSON format.
5475	Builds a file model from a database record, sets type to 'file', and populates with content, format, and mimetype if content is provided.
5476	Saves a notebook by processing its content, signing it, and storing it in a database. Returns a validation message.
5477	Save a file using the provided model and path, encrypting the content if necessary.
5478	Rename a file or directory from an old path to a new path using the database engine, handling file or directory existence checks and exceptions for file existence, directory existence, and renaming the root entity.
5479	Delete file or directory at specified path. If file exists, delete it. If directory exists, delete it. If neither exists, raise error.
5480	Add a new user to the database if they do not already exist, ignoring unique violations.
5481	Delete user and all associated resources from database.
5482	def create_directory(db, user_id, api_path):
    # Extract directory name from API path
    name = from_api_dirname(api_path)
    
    # Handle root directory separately
    if name == '/':
        parent_name = None
        parent_user_id = None
    else:
        # Extract parent directory name
        parent_name = name[:name.rindex('/', 0, -1) + 1]
        parent_user_id = user_id
    
    # Insert directory into database
    db.execute(
        directories.insert().values(
            name=name,
            user_id=user_id,
            parent_name=parent_name,
            parent_user_id=parent_user_id,
        )
    )
5483	Return a WHERE clause matching entries in a directory, parameterized by table, user_id, and db_dirname.
5484	Delete a directory by user ID and API path. Raises DirectoryNotEmpty if foreign key violation. Raises NoSuchDirectory if no matching directory. Returns rowcount of deleted directory.
5485	Checks if a directory exists for a given user and directory name. Uses a database query to count the matching directories. Returns True if the directory exists, False otherwise.
5486	Return files in a directory, filtering by user ID and directory name, and ordering by user ID, parent name, name, and creation time.
5487	Return subdirectories of a directory for a given user and directory name
5488	Return a WHERE clause for the given API path and user ID.
5489	return a SELECT statement for the latest N versions of a file
5490	Returns default fields for a file query.
5491	Retrieve file data for a user, filter by fields, and decrypt content if specified.
5492	Get file data for the given user_id and path. Include content only if include_content=True.
5493	Get file ID by user ID and API path
5494	Check if a file exists in the database for a given user and path.
5495	Renames a directory in a database, updating both the directory's name and any descendant directories' names and parent names, while handling constraints and foreign keys.
5496	```plaintext
Save a file by inserting or updating the database. If the file already exists, overwrite its content. Uses a savepoint for transaction control.
```
5497	Generates a generator of decrypted files, yielding them in ascending order of timestamp. Optionally filters by datetime range and uses a crypto factory for decryption. Returns a generator of dicts containing decoded notebooks and metadata.
5498	Delete all database records for a specific user.
5499	Create a generator of decrypted remote checkpoints sorted by timestamp. Selects notebooks within an optional datetime range, decrypts them, and yields dicts containing decoded notebooks and metadata.
5500	Generates notebooks from a database, filtering by timestamps and decrypting contents.
5501	Re-encrypts a row's content in a database table using provided decrypt and encrypt functions. Logs the start and completion of the encryption process.
5502	Re-encrypts all files and checkpoints for a user using new encryption. Logs progress and handles transactions carefully to ensure data integrity.
5503	def derive_single_fernet_key(password, user_id):
    Converts a secret key and user ID to an encryption key using PBKDF2HMAC.
5504	Derive Fernet keys from passwords, optionally forward Nones, and use user ID as salt.
5505	def single_password_crypto_factory(password):
    """Create a function for encrypting using a key derived from password and user_id."""
5506	Decorator to memoize single-argument functions using a dictionary to store results.
5507	Get the name from a SQLAlchemy column-like expression. Returns the name of the column or the casted column.
5508	Convert a SQLAlchemy row to a dict, excluding the 'content' field. Raise an error if 'content' is a included in the fields.
5509	Convert SQLAlchemy row with 'content' field to dict, apply decryption func, and handle None input.
5510	Create a checkpoint of a notebook by converting it to base64 and saving it to a database. Returns the checkpoint ID.
5511	```python
def create_file_checkpoint(self, content, format, path):
    """Create a checkpoint of the current state of a file and return its ID."""
```
5512	Deletes a checkpoint for a file using a database session.
5513	Retrieves content from a remote checkpoint using the provided ID and path.
5514	Get checkpoint list for file using database engine.
5515	Rename all checkpoints from one path to another using a database session.
5516	Delete all checkpoints for the given path using the provided database engine and user ID.
5517	Purge all database records for the current user by beginning a database transaction and calling the purge_remote_checkpoints function with the current user's ID.
5518	Resolves a path provided a dictionary of manager prefixes. Returns a tuple of the matched prefix, the corresponding manager, and the path relative to that manager. If no matching prefix is found and no root manager is provided, raises a 404 error.
5519	## Summary:
Recursively prefix all path entries in a model dictionary with a given prefix, handling different model types.
5520	Decorator for methods that accept path as first arg, resolving and dispatching accordingly.
5521	Decorator for methods accepting path as a second argument
5522	Decorator for methods accepting old_path and new_path. It resolves the paths, checks if they belong to the same manager, and then calls the method with the resolved paths. If returns_model is True and the prefix exists, it applies the prefix to the result before returning it.
5523	Strips slashes from directory names in the `new` dictionary before updating them, raising a `ValueError` if any slashes are found.
5524	Handles special case of listing root directory, normalizes path, and retrieves content or metadata accordingly.
5525	Resolve paths with '..' to normalized paths, error if outside root.
5526	Split the API file path into a directory and name.
5527	Encode a notebook as base64.
5528	Read a base64 encoded notebook string and return the decoded notebook object, raising a CorruptedFile exception if an error occurs during decoding or parsing.
5529	Decode base64 content, trying utf-8 first, then ascii. Returns decoded text or original base64.
5530	Decode base64 content based on the specified format, handling different cases and exceptions, and return the decoded content, format, and mimetype.
5531	Return an iterable of all prefix directories of a given path, from root to the specified directory.
5532	Decorator to catch PathOutsideRoot errors and return a 404 HTTP Error.
5533	Create a user using the provided database URL and user ID, enabling user creation on startup.
5534	Separate models into directories and files.
5535	Recurse through directory tree, yield directory, subdirectories, and files sorted.
5536	Iterates over all files visible to mgr and yields each file.
5537	Iterate over files in a manager and yield their contents.
5538	Re-encrypts data for all users using specified old and new crypto factories. Ensures idempotency through decryption attempts. Logs progress.
5539	Re-encrypts user content using new and old cryptography.
5540	Unencrypts data for all users using SQLAlchemy engine, decryption function, and logger. Processes each user's data individually and logs the beginning and end of the re-encryption process.
5541	Unencrypts files and checkpoints for a user using a specified old decryption function and a no-op encryption function.
5542	Create a temporary alembic.ini file for migration scripts.
5543	Upgrade database to specified revision using Alembic.
5544	Sanitizes block data by using an embed serializer if available, updating the block data with the serialized value.
5545	Queue an item in the database for fetching by type and data.
5546	Load instances of a specific type from a serializer, store results in self.instances.
5547	Inserts a fetched instance into an embed block using a serializer, updates the block data, and returns the modified block.
5548	"Loops through each embed type, loading instances using ids."
5549	Validate widget data by checking widget type and its fields for errors. Raise ValidationError if any errors found.
5550	renders HTML for the manager app's entry point using context with API URL and app version-specific JS/CSS bundles
5551	Convert object fields to JSON format.
5552	Hides fields if request context is missing or user is not authenticated.
5553	Excludes query parameters from the model fields.
5554	Gets the latest article with the given primary key, handling version and preview_id querystring parameters.
5555	Retrieves & filters articles based on query parameters, optimizing queries by prefetching related data.
5556	def get_queryset(self): Filters unpublished content for authenticated users, options to filter by a query parameter based on the title.
5557	Override default `get_attribute` method to convert `None` values to `False`.
5558	def validate_widget(widget):
    """Ensures the widget has all required attributes and at least one zone."""
    
    if not has_valid_id(widget):
        raise InvalidWidget(f"{widget.__name__} must have a valid 'id' attribute")
    if not has_valid_name(widget):
        raise InvalidWidget(f"{widget.__name__} must have a valid 'name' attribute")
    if not has_valid_template(widget):
        raise InvalidWidget(f"{widget.__name__} must have a valid 'template' attribute")
    if not hasattr(widget, 'zones') or not widget.zones:
        raise InvalidWidget(f"{widget.__name__} must be compatible with at least one zone")
5559	Checks if a zone object has a valid 'id' and 'name' attribute, raising an InvalidZone exception if either is missing or invalid.
5560	Function to validate if an input string is a valid UUID version 4.
5561	Returns admin if user is in Admin group or is superuser, otherwise returns empty string.
5562	Modify a user's permissions by adding or removing them from the 'Admin' group based on the input value.
5563	Ensure author data is a list; validate each author dict to contain a 'person' key and, if present, a 'type' key as a string. If any validation fails, raise a ValidationError.
5564	### Save Widget Data for this Zone

This method saves widget data for a zone, handling nested widgets and calling before-save hooks.
5565	Returns a dictionary containing data from each field.
5566	Iterate through fields, retrieve data, and prepare it for the template.
5567	Renders the widget as HTML using a template, optionally adding context data.
5568	Retrieves integration settings as a dictionary, removes hidden fields if show_hidden=False.
5569	Receive OAuth callback from Facebook, authenticate, fetch user pages, handle errors, return page data.
5570	def get_settings(self, integration_id): Attempt to retrieve settings for a given integration ID. If the integration exists and its settings are valid JSON, return those settings as a dictionary. If any errors occur (e.g., integration not found or invalid JSON), return an empty dictionary.
5571	Updates settings for a given integration by retrieving the current settings, merging them with the provided settings, and saving the updated settings back to the integration object.
5572	Handles user signup by processing POST requests with a form, validating data, creating a user with invites' details, and redirecting after successful signup or rendering the form.
5573	Return HTML by enclosing each item in `contents` with a tag of type `tagname`.
5574	Retrieves the zone by ID, renders its widget if available, and passes additional context. Returns an empty string if any errors occur.
5575	Sets and updates the featured image based on the provided data, or removes it if data is None. Handles image attachment attributes like image_id, caption, and credit.
5576	Update the subsection_id for all articles with the same parent_id as the current instance.
5577	Gets the file extension from the image name and removes the initial period if present.
5578	Returns the medium size image URL. If the object is a GIF, returns the absolute URL; otherwise, returns a URL with the medium size image name.
5579	Override save method to process thumbnails and save image dimensions. Handles new creations by converting filenames to lowercase. Reads image data, processes dimensions, saves, and generates thumbnails for specified sizes.
5580	Processes an image, resizing it if larger than specified dimensions, attaches a label to the filename, converts the format to JPEG, saves it to a StringIO object, and then saves the file to the default storage system.
5581	Attempts to connect to the MySQL server and returns a bound connection object if successful, or None if it fails.
5582	Wraps a fileobj in a bandwidth-limited stream, optionally enabling or disabling bandwidth limiting based on the provided parameter.
5583	Reads data from a file, applying bandwidth limiting if enabled. If limiting is off, reads the specified amount directly. If limiting is on, tracks byte count and reads once threshold is met, then consumes through a leaky bucket mechanism.
5584	Synchronizes access to consumption using a lock, determines if a request is already scheduled or if consuming the requested amount would exceed the maximum rate, and accordingly either releases the requested amount, raises a RequestExceeded exception, or releases the requested amount for a scheduled request.
5585	Adds time to consume to the total wait time, schedules it for the given token, and returns the total wait time.
5586	Remove the scheduled consumption request identified by the token and adjust the total wait time accordingly.
5587	Calculate the projected consumption rate using the provided amount and time. If no previous time exists, return 0.0. Otherwise, calculate the exponential moving average rate.
5588	Record and update the consumption rate using an exponential moving average based on the amount consumed and the time of consumption.
5589	Downloads a file from an S3 bucket to a local file system, handling optional extra arguments and expected size.
5590	Polls for the result of a transfer using a transfer ID. Waits until the transfer is done. If an exception occurred, raises it; otherwise, returns None.
5591	Retrieves specified callbacks from a subscriber, pre.injecting the transfer future.
5592	Returns a new dictionary containing only the key/value pairs from the original dictionary where the key is in the provided whitelist.
5593	Decrements the count by one, raises an error if the count is already zero, and calls a callback if the count reaches zero after decrementing.
5594	Finalize the counter, set _is_finalized to True, and invoke the callback if count is zero.
5595	Checks if a file is a special UNIX file by examining its mode using os.stat and returns True if the file is a character special device, block special device, FIFO, or socket, and False otherwise.
5596	Acquire the semaphore with an optional tag and blocking option. Raises an exception if cannot be acquired.
5597	Releases a semaphore, logging the release with a tag and the acquire token.
5598	Adjusts chunksize for S3 upload, considering file size and limits, returning a valid chunksize.
5599	Submit an IO write task to the IO executor for the given file object, data, and offset, potentially deferring the submission if necessary.
5600	Get an IO write task for writing data to a file-like object at a specified offset. The task can be executed immediately or submitted to the IO executor. Returns an IOWriteTask object.
5601	Retrieves a class for managing download output based on the file object and OS utility.
5602	This function, `_main`, downloads an object from a specified bucket and key using the provided client, and writes the content to the given file object. It handles retries, tracks progress through callbacks, and uses a bandwidth limiter if provided. If all attempts fail, it raises a `RetriesExceededError`.
5603	Saves data to fileobj at specified offset.
5604	Check if offset is already seen. Ignore duplicates. Push data to heap. Process contiguous writes. Return applicable writes.
5605	Determines if a file-like object is seekable by checking if it has a `seekable()` method or can be seeked and told. If neither is available, it attempts to seek to the current position and returns True if successful, False otherwise.
5606	Uploads a file to S3. Takes file object, bucket name, key name, optional extra arguments, and optional subscribers. Returns a transfer future representing the upload.
5607	Downloads a file from S3.
5608	Copies a file in S3 by creating a transfer future representing the copy. Validates arguments, initializes default values for `extra_args`, `subscribers`, and `source_client`, and submits the transfer task using the `_submit_transfer` method.
5609	Deletes an S3 object, validating arguments and submitting a transfer task.
5610	Shuts down the TransferManager, waiting for all transfers to complete before shutting down. If `cancel` is True, cancels all in-progress transfers with the specified `cancel_msg` to expedite the shutdown process.
5611	Cancels all in-progress transfers by calling cancel() on each tracked transfer coordinator, passing on a message and exception type.
5612	Wait until all transfers complete, ignoring errors and stopping with a KeyboardInterrupt.
5613	Reads data from a stream, prioritizing initial_data if available, and updating initial_data based on the truncate parameter.
5614	Wraps data with an interrupt reader and a file chunk reader, returning the fully wrapped data.
5615	Retrieves the appropriate input manager class for upload based on file type, or raises an error if unsupported.
5616	Sets the exception on the future if it is done.
5617	Set a result for the TransferFuture, implying success. Updates the future's status to 'success' and clears any exceptions.
5618	Sets an exception for the TransferFuture, indicating failure. Optionally overrides existing state.
5619	Waits indefinitely for a TransferFuture to complete and returns the result or re raises any associated exception.
5620	Cancels a transfer future by setting an exception and changing its status. If the future is not started, it announces its completion.
5621	Submits a task to an executor, logs the submission, associates it with the instance, and returns a future.
5622	Add a callback function to be invoked when transfer completes.
5623	Adds a failure cleanup function with arguments and keyword arguments to be called upon failure.
5624	Triggers callbacks and runs cleanups if transfer failed
5625	Submit a task to the executor, using a semaphore to control concurry. If a tag is provided, use a semaphore associated with that tag. Wait for a token from the semaphore before submitting the task. Once the task is submitted, add a callback to release the semaphore when the task is done. Return the future object associated with the submitted task.
5626	Adds a callback to be executed once a future is completed, using a wrapper function to match the expected signature.
5627	Uploads a file to an S3 object, handling large files with multipart upload.
5628	Download an S3 object to a file, handling exceptions by cleaning up partial files.
5629	Iterate over function definitions in parsed Python file, check for 'step' decorator, and yield functions with the decorator.
5630	Get step decorator arguments as Python objects. Check if one string or list is passed, return it; otherwise log error.
5631	Find step with old_text, change to new_text, and adjust parameters based on move_param_from_idx.
5632	Iterates over function definitions in a parsed file and yields those with a 'step' decorator along with the decorator node.
5633	Gets arguments from step decorators, converts them to Python objects, and validates that they are either a string or a list of strings. Logs an error if the decorator accepts more than one argument.
5634	Find step with old_text, replace it with new_text, adjust params based on move_param_from_idx, and return list of diffs.
5635	def select_python_parser(parser=None):
    """Selects the default parser for loading and refactoring steps. Uses 'redbaron' for the old parser or if the environment variable GETGAUGE_USE_0_3_3_PARSER is set. Otherwise, uses the new Parso parser. The 'redbaron' parser will be phased out in future releases."""
    if parser == 'redbaron' or os.environ.get('GETGAUGE_USE_0_3_3_PARSER'):
        PythonFile.Class = RedbaronPythonFile
    else:
        PythonFile.Class = ParsoPythonFile
5636	Method to list team memberships for a team by ID, supporting pagination through a generator container.
5637	Adds a person to a team by Person ID or email address, optionally making them a moderator. Check types, constructs post data, sends API request, and returns a TeamMembership object. Raises TypeError and ApiError on failure.
5638	def update(self, membershipId, isModerator=None, **request_parameters):
    """Update a team membership by ID.

    Args:
        membershipId (basestring): The team membership ID.
        isModerator (bool): Set to True to make the person a team moderator.
        **request_parameters: Additional request parameters.

    Returns:
        TeamMembership: Updated team membership details.

    Raises:
        TypeError: If parameter types are incorrect.
        ApiError: If Webex Teams API returns an error.
    """
    Validate parameters and send PUT request to update team membership.
5639	Delete a team membership using a provided ID. Raises errors for invalid types or API failures.
5640	Function to get a cat fact using the catfact.ninja API, returning the fact as a string.
5641	Responds to Webex Teams webhook POSTs, parses messages, and responds with a cat fact if the message contains "/CAT". Skips responding if the message is from the bot itself to prevent loops.
5642	Lists room memberships, optionally filters by room ID, person ID, person email, and max items. Returns a generator container yielding membership objects. Supports pagination using RFC5988 Web Linking.
5643	Delete a membership by ID. Raises TypeError and ApiError on invalid input or failure.
5644	Check if base_url has a scheme and netloc, return the parsed url or raise an error if missing.
5645	Check if a string is a validly-formatted web URL by verifying it has an HTTP or HTTPS scheme and a non-empty network location.
5646	Open a local file, determine its content type, and return an EncodableFile object.
5647	Ensure object is an acceptable type or None. Raises TypeError if object is neither.
5648	Creates a dictionary from inputted dictionaries and keyword arguments, excluding any items with a value of `None`.
5649	Check response code against expected; raise ApiError if mismatch.
5650	Converts a JSON object (either dictionary or string) into a Python dictionary. Raises TypeError if input is not valid.
5651	Converts a date string to a datetime object using the Webex Teams DateTime format, with a default format, and replaces the timezone info with Zulu.
5652	Lists rooms, optionally filtered by team ID, type, sorting, and max items. Returns a generator for safe reuse.
5653	Create a room with an optional team ID and additional parameters. Adds the authenticated user as a member. Returns a Room object on success. Raises TypeError and ApiError on failure.
5654	Update details for a room by ID, optionally including a new title. Raises TypeError or ApiError on input or response issues. Returns an updated Room object.
5655	Delete a room by its ID, raising a TypeError on incorrect types and ApiError on cloud errors.
5656	Python method to list licenses for a given organization. If no orgId is specified, defaults to the authenticated user's organization. Accepts additional request parameters and returns a GeneratorContainer of license objects. Raises TypeError if parameter types are incorrect and ApiError if the cloud returns an error.
5657	Returns the creation date and time of an object in ISO8601 format, converted to a WebexTeamsDateTime object if available, otherwise returns None.
5658	This function attempts to retrieve an access token from the environment variables. It first tries the current environment variable, and if not found, it iterates through legacy environment variables. If an access token is found in a legacy variable, a deprecation warning is raised, suggesting the use of the new environment variable. The function returns the access token if found, or None otherwise.
5659	Create a webhook with specified parameters and return a Webhook object with details of the created webhook.
5660	Method `update` in class updates a Webex Teams webhook by ID. Takes parameters for new name, target URL, and additional request parameters. Validates types, constructs put data, makes API request, and returns an updated Webhook object. Raises TypeError and ApiError on failure.
5661	Delete a webhook by ID, validating the parameter type and handling potential errors.
5662	Converts a URL by removing the 'max=null' query parameter. Validates the URL structure before modification. Raises exceptions for invalid input.
5663	Method to enable or disable automatic rate-limit handling.
5664	Updates the session's HTTP headers by merging provided headers into the existing ones.
5665	Convert relative URL to absolute URL by combining with base URL if necessary
5666	Abstract base method for making requests to Webex Teams APIs. Expands URL, makes HTTP request, handles rate-limiting, and raises exceptions for unexpected response codes.
5667	Sends an HTTP GET request to the specified URL with optional parameters and expected response code, raises an exception if the response code does not match.
5668	def get_pages(self, url, params=None, **kwargs):
    Returns a generator to GET and yield pages of data from the given URL. Supports RFC5988 Web Linking. Raises ApiError for unexpected response codes.
5669	def get_items(self, url, params=None, **kwargs):
    """Fetch and yield JSON 'items' from a Webex Teams API endpoint using pagination.

    Args:
        url: The API endpoint URL.
        params: GET request parameters.
        **kwargs: Additional arguments passed to the requests package.

    Raises:
        ApiError: For unexpected response codes.
        MalformedResponse: If the response lacks an 'items' key.
    """
    pages = self.get_pages(url, params=params, **kwargs)
    for json_page in pages:
        assert isinstance(json_page, dict)
        items = json_page.get('items')
        if items is None:
            raise MalformedResponse("'items' key not found")
        else:
            yield from items
5670	Sends a PUT request to the specified URL with optional JSON or data, validates the response code, and returns parsed JSON.
5671	Sends a DELETE request to a specified URL with optional parameters and validates the response code. Raises an ApiError if the response code does not match the expected code.
5672	Create a new guest issuer with a JWT token using the provided parameters
5673	def list(roomId, mentionedPeople=None, before=None, beforeMessage=None, max=None, **request_parameters):
    Lists messages in a room from Webex Teams, providing pagination and sorting by creation date. Returns a generator yields message objects.
5674	```python
Post a message to a room, optionally with an attachment, using various parameters including room ID, text, markdown, and files. Validates input types and supports both web URLs and local file paths for attachments. Raises exceptions for incorrect types or invalid files.
```
5675	Deletes a message by ID, validating the message ID type using `check_type` and handling errors with `TypeError` and `ApiError`.
5676	Creates a new user account in an organization. Requires admin privileges. Takes email, display name, first name, last name, avatar URL, organization ID, roles, and licenses as arguments. Returns a Person object. Raises TypeError and ApiError on invalid input or API errors.
5677	Fetches a person's details by ID, validates input, makes an API request, and returns a Person object.
5678	Update details for a person by ID, expecting all user details in the request. Only admins can perform this action. Raises errors for incorrect parameter types or Webex Teams API errors.
5679	```text
Deletes a person from the system using their ID. Raises errors for invalid types or API issues.
```
5680	Makes an API call to retrieve details of the current user and returns a person object. Raises an error if the API call fails.
5681	This method lists all roles by making a GET request to the Webex Teams API using provided parameters. It yields role objects created from the returned JSON data.
5682	Generator yielding teams to which the authenticated user belongs, supporting pagination and safe reuse.
5683	Create a team with an optional list of additional parameters. The authenticated user is automatically added as a member of the team.
5684	Updates a team's details by ID. Takes team ID and optional name, **request_parameters. Returns a Team object. Raises TypeError, ApiError.
5685	Deletes a team by its ID and handles type and API errors
5686	List events in your organization, filtering by resource type, event type, actor ID, date, and max number of items. Returns a generator container for incremental iteration. Handles pagination using RFC5988 Web Linking.
5687	Serializes data to a frozen tuple by recursively converting lists and dictionaries into hashable structures.
5688	This method exchanges an Authorization Code for an Access Token using client credentials. It validates input types, constructs a POST request with necessary data, and returns an AccessToken object.
5689	Retrieves the last activity date and time from the `_json_data` dictionary, converts it to a `WebexTeamsDateTime` object if available, otherwise returns `None`.
5690	This method handles inbound webhook POST requests from Webex Teams, logs the received JSON data, and extracts details such as the room, message, and sender. It prevents bot loops by not responding to messages from itself. If the message contains "/CAT", it retrieves a cat fact and posts it to the same room.
5691	Get theNgrokpublicHTTP URL from the localclientAPI. Try tomake a GETrequest to the `NGROK_CLIENT_API_BASE_URL`endpoint. If the request succeeds, iterate through thetunnels andreturn the firstone thatstarts with `http://`. If the request fails or novalid URL is found, return`None`.
5692	find and delete webhooks with a given name
5693	The function `create_ngrok_webhook` creates a Webhook in Webex Teams pointing to a specified public URL using the ngrok API. It constructs the target URL by combining the base ngrok URL with a predefined suffix, and specifies the resource and event for the webhook. After creating the webhook, it prints the webhook object and confirms successful creation.
5694	Delete existing webhooks with a specified name. If running a local ngrok tunnel, create a new webhook using the public URL.
5695	Definitely, here is the summary in plain text:

This code defines a method `console` that outputs DSMR ( Dutch Smart Meter Reading) data to the console. It uses command-line arguments to specify the connection type (serial or TCP), version of DSMR, and verbosity. The method sets up logging and an asyncio event loop to manage the connection. It repeatedly attempts to connect using the specified parameters, handles TCP or serial connections, and prints the received telegram values in a callback. The loop waits for 5 seconds before reconnecting until manually interrupted, at which point it performs cleanup and closes the loop.
5696	Read DSMR telegrams from a serial interface, append to buffer, and yield parsed CosemObject/MbusObject. Handle parsing errors with logging.
5697	Read complete DSMR telegram's from the serial interface, parse into CosemObject's and MbusObject's, and push values to a provided queue for asynchronous processing.
5698	Creates and returns a DSMR asyncio protocol for the specified version.
5699	Creates a DSMR asyncio protocol coroutine for a given serial port.
5700	Creates a TCP connection for a DSMR protocol using asyncio.
5701	Adds incoming ASCII-encoded data to a buffer, logs the data, and handles each telegram in the buffer.
5702	Stop when connection is lost, logging exception or close/abort reason, then set closed flag.
5703	Log incoming telegram, parse it, and handle any errors before calling the callback.
5704	Parses a telegram string into a dictionary using regex signatures and parsers, optionally validating a checksum.
5705	Read a file, execute its contents, and extract the value of a specified variable, typically '__version__'.
5706	Ensures compatibility with specified Python version specs.
5707	Find all packages in a directory using os.walk, appending the relative path with .replace separators.
5708	def create_cmdclass(prerelease_cmd=None, package_data_spec=None, data_files_spec=None):
    Create a command class with optional prerelease command and file handling.
    Returns a dictionary of command classes that encapsulate and extend the base distribution commands.
5709	```python
def command_for_func(func):
    Create a command class that calls the given function and updates package data.
```
5710	Defining a function to execute a command with logging and default options.
5711	Return a Command that checks the existence of certain files, raising a ValueError if any are missing. The check is skipped if the `--skip-npm` flag is used.
5712	Wraps a setup command by running a list of pre-commands before the main command. Optionally handles errors if a pre-command fails based on the strict parameter.
5713	Get a handler command for managing package_data and data_files.
5714	Concatenate new data file specs with existing ones, normalizing paths and constructing valid data files metadata.
5715	Expands file patterns to a list of package data paths under the given root directory, using optional file patterns or all files if none provided, while ignoring files in node_modules.
5716	Translate a glob pattern to a regular expression matcher, with optional case insensitivity.
5717	Recursively splits a path into its constituent parts using os.path.split().
5718	Translate a glob pattern to a regular expression, joining parts with path separators and ensuring the result matches the end of the string.
5719	Join translated glob pattern parts, handling the special case for '**' which can match zero or more directories.
5720	Translate a glob pattern part to a regular expression
5721	Executes SQL to truncate a specified table and optionally resets serial keys.
5722	Write DDL to create a table by executing SQL statements.
5723	Send DDL to create specified table indexes
5724	Send DDL to create triggers for a specified table and execute the SQL statements.
5725	write_constraints(self, table): Sends DDL to create specified table constraints, then executes each generated SQL.
5726	Writes table contents by reading from a MySQL source, processing rows, and copying data to a destination.
5727	This method processes a row of data from a MySQL table for compatibility with PostgreSQL. It iterates over each column, altering values based on the column type: handling None values, converting datetime and timestamp formats, converting bit types to binary, formatting strings and text arrays, converting booleans, and ensuring numeric types are handled correctly.
5728	Writes DDL for table indexes to the output file
5729	Write DDL of table constraints to output file.
5730	Writes triggers from a table to an output file.
5731	Returns the approximate number of queued tasks in the queue.
5732	Enqueues a task by inserting it into a database with JSONified data and the current UTC timestamp.
5733	Retrieves a task handler from the queue, blocking until one is available if specified. Optionally times out and retries with a random interval.
5734	This method constructs an SQL predicate string to be appended to a query, optionally applying an extra predicate if provided. If the predicate is not in a supported format, it wraps it accordingly. The method returns an SQL-compatible string or an empty string if no predicate is given.
5735	Serializes dates and datetimes by converting them to ISO format strings. Raises TypeError if the object is not serializable.
5736	Closes the existing database connection and re-opens it with new connection.
5737	Executes a query, retrieves the first row, and handles cases where no rows or multiple rows are returned.
5738	Retrieves a new database connection using provided credentials.
5739	Run multiple InsertWorkers to benchmark their performance, measure the number of rows inserted and calculate the insertion rate.
5740	Tries to connect to an aggregator using a pool connection. If successful, updates the aggregator list and returns the connection. If all attempts fail, sets the aggregator list to empty and raises the last exception.
5741	Prints the name of the global variable based on its value.
5742	Returns the total number of cached connections and fairies in the pool.
5743	def __potential_connection_failure(self, e):
"""Checks if a connection error occurred by attempting a simple query. If a connection issue is detected, it calls __handle_connection_failure(e); otherwise, it raises a DatabaseError with the original exception."""
print OUTPUT
5744	def simple_expression(joiner=', ', **fields):
    Build a formatted expression from keyword arguments, using specified joiner.
5745	Builds an UPDATE SQL query for a specified table, setting specified fields to given values. Returns the query and parameters.
5746	def connect(self, host, port, user, password, database):
    """ Connect to the specified database """
    if not database:
        raise Exception("Database required")
    self._db_args = {'host': host, 'port': port, 'user': user, 'password': password, 'database': database}
    with self._db_conn() as conn:
        conn.query('SELECT 1')
    return self
5747	Initialize the required tables in the database
5748	Deletes specified tables from a database if they exist.
5749	Start a step, raise exceptions if already finished or started, update steps list, and save the changes.
5750	Def stop_step(self, step_name):
Stop a step, record stop time and duration, and save.
5751	Converts ISO format datetime strings to actual datetime objects in the input steps.
5752	Disconnects from the websocket, clears reconnect_required, sets disconnect_called, closes the socket if it exists, and joins the Thread with a timeout.
5753	Reconnects by setting the reconnect_required event, clears the connected status, and closes the socket if it exists.
5754	Establishes a websocket connection with error handling and reconnection logic.
5755	Handles incoming messages, stops timers, logs receipt, decodes JSON, and passes data to appropriate handlers based on message type. Resets timers upon successful handling.
5756	Stops ping, pong, and connection timers. Logs that timers are stopped.
5757	Sends a ping message to the API and starts a pong timer.
5758	Cancels the pong timer and checks if a pong message was received within the expected time. If a pong is received, logs a debug message and resets the flag. If not, logs a debug message and initiates a reconnect.
5759	Sends a payload to the API via a WebSocket connection. Optionally handles authentication with an API key, secret, and nonce. If auth is True, it constructs an authentication payload with a signature. If list_data is provided, it uses that; otherwise, it uses keyword arguments. Logs the payload before sending and handles exceptions if the client is not connected.
5760	Resets the paused flag and silently re-subscribes to channels.
5761	### Summary:
Processes system messages by routing them to specific handlers based on the 'event' key. Logs each event for debugging purposes.
5762	Handle INFO messages, logging relevant info and raising exceptions for unknown codes. Processes specific codes by calling associated methods.
5763	Handle error messages by logging them based on error codes, with a fallback for unknown codes.
5764	Passes incoming data to the client and logs the action.
5765	Resubscribes to all channels in `self.channel_configs`. Unsubscribes first if `soft` is True. Keeps track of channel configurations in `q_list`. Reinstalls configurations and resends them. For soft resubscription, reverts to original configurations after sending.
5766	Handles authentication responses by extracting channel and user IDs from the data, creating a unique identifier, and storing it in channel and directory handlers.
5767	Handles configuration messages, logs debug and info, and returns.
5768	Updates the last update timestamp for a given channel ID, logging a warning if the channel is not found.
5769	The reset method reconnects the client and waits for the connection to be established before sending configurations.
5770	```C#
Return a queue containing candle data for a specified pair and timeframe.
```
5771	Set configuration flags and send to websocket server.
5772	Subscribe to a ticker channel for a given pair and pass additional keyword arguments.
5773	Unsubscribes from the ticker channel for a given symbol pair.
5774	Subscribe to the order book channel for a given currency pair.
5775	Unsubscribes from a specific order book channel for a given symbol pair.
5776	Subscribe to the raw order book channel for a given currency pair with optional precision and additional keyword arguments.
5777	Unsubscribe from a raw order book channel by symbol pair, with an optional price precision.
5778	Subscribe to trades channel for a specific cryptocurrency pair.
5779	Unsubscribe from trades channel for a specific trading pair.
5780	Subscribe to OHLC data for a trading pair with an optional timeframe. Validates timeframe, sets default to '1m' if not provided. Constructs an identifier and key, then calls _subscribe method.
5781	This method unsubscribes from a pair's OHLC data channel with optional timeframe validation.
5782	Authenticate with the Bitfinex API using the provided key and secret. If either is missing, raise a ValueError. Send authentication information to the connection.
5783	Cancel orders via Websocket, supporting single or multiple orders.
5784	Callback for device commands, parses topic, passes to registered callback if available.
5785	Callback for processing gateway command messages, parses topic, logs, and invokes registered device command callback.
5786	The method `_onMessageNotification` handles incoming notification messages. It parses the source device from the topic string and passes the information to a registered callback function. If an error occurs during parsing, it logs a critical error message.
5787	Register or edit device types using the POST method, handling responses for success and errors.
5788	Publishes an event to Watson IoT Platform with specified details.
5789	def update(self, deviceUid, metadata=None, deviceInfo=None, status=None):
    """
    Update an existing device
    """
    Ensures deviceUid is of type DeviceUid, converts if needed. Constructs URL and data payload for PUT request. Sends request to API and returns Device object if successful, raises ApiException otherwise.
5790	Iterates through all Connectors, filters by status and connectedAfter, and returns an IterableClientStatusList.
5791	List all device management extension packages using the GET method at "api/v0002/mgmt/custom/bundle". Returns JSON response if successful, otherwise raises ApiException.
5792	Create a new device management extension package by sending a POST request to the specified URL. If the response status code is 201, return the JSON response. Otherwise, raise an ApiException with the response.
5793	Update a schema by sending a PUT request to the API, including the schema definition in the request body. If the request is successful (status code 200), log a debug message. Otherwise, raise an APIException. Return the JSON response.
5794	Disconnects the client from IBM Watson IoT Platform and stops the loop to prevent zombie threads.
5795	Called when the broker responds to the client's connection request. If the connection is successful, sets the connection event, logs the successful connection, and restores previous subscriptions. If the connection is refused due to an error, logs an exception with the error details.
5796	Subscribe to device event messages using MQTT with optional parameters for typeId, deviceId, eventId, msgFormat, and qos. Return the subscription's Message ID or 0 if the subscription fails.
5797	Subscribe to device status messages with optional typeId and deviceId parameters. Returns the Message ID if successful, or 0 if the subscription fails or is not supported.
5798	Subscribes to device command messages using optional parameters for typeId, deviceId, commandId, and msgFormat, defaulting to the MQTT wildcard character plus. Returns the Message ID if the subscription is successful, or 0 if it fails.
5799	Publish a command to a device using MQTT, handling QoS and publication confirmation.
5800	Logs a warning for unsupported messages, indicating the received payload and topic.
5801	Handles device events, extracts event details, and invokes the registered callback.
5802	Processes device status messages, extracts source device, and calls registered callback.
5803	- Parses application status from an MQTT message
- Extracts action and client ID
- Calls the registered application status callback
- Handles exceptions and logs errors
5804	Retrieving last cached message for specified event from a specific device.
5805	Retrieves the last cached message for all events from a specific device using its typeId and deviceId. Converts the response to a list of LastEvent objects or raises an ApiException for non-200 status codes.
5806	Makes an API call with optional parameters; returns JSON response or raises an exception on failure.
5807	Initiates a device management request via POST method. Raises APIException if the request fails. Returns JSON response on success.
5808	Retrieve device management request statuses. If device type and ID are provided, get individual status; otherwise, get all statuses.
5809	Forces an index to flush and flushes it to storage, rendering it inaccessible; raises an IOError if the index is unclosable.
5810	This method `count` returns the number of objects that intersect the given coordinates. It converts the coordinates into pointers, calls a C function to perform the intersection check, and returns the count of intersecting objects.
5811	Returns the `k`-nearest objects to the given coordinates.
5812	Returns the bounds of the index, with optional parameter to specify coordinate order.
5813	Deletes items from the index using the given 'id' and coordinates.
5814	This function initializes an index from a data stream. It iterates through the stream, extracts data, and updates min/max values and object data, returning a handle to the index stream.
5815	Override method to return loaded data as string. If not overridden, raise NotImplementedError and set returnError to IllegalStateError.
5816	Deletes an item from the container based on its object and coordinates, decrementing the count if the object exists. If the object's count reaches zero, it is removed from the container. Raises an IndexError if the object is not found.
5817	Function checks if result is not zero, gets error message, raises RTreeError with a specific message, and returns True otherwise.
5818	def load(self):
    Attempts to import and return the specified应用. If the application is a string, it imports it using util.import_app; otherwise, it returns the application as is.
5819	Initializes a Flask app with the Common extension, sets up WhiteNoise for static files, configures cache, and adds request and response hooks for performance metrics and favicon redirection.
5820	### Serves the Flask application either using the development server for debugging or Gunicorn for production with optional workers and custom settings.
5821	Generates a URL set for a versatile image field by retrieving the necessary context and passing it to the build_versatileimagefield_url_set function.
5822	Crops an image to a specified size centered on a primary point of interest (POI). Adjusts dimensions based on aspect ratio and trims excess pixels from the 'long side' relative to the POI.
5823	Defining method for processing images. Input parameters: image, image_format, save_kwargs, width, height. Returns BytesIO instance of cropped image. Method first crops image to its longest side, then crops centerally based on Primary Point of Interest (PPOI).Handles GIFs by preserving their palette. Uses ImageOps.fit method to save image with specified parameters.
5824	Resizes `image` to fit a bounding box of `width`x`height` using `ANTIALIAS` filter, saves it with `save_kwargs`, and returns a BytesIO instance of the processed image.
5825	Inverts colors of an image and returns a BytesIO instance of the modified image.
5826	Defensively ensures data is prepped for ImageField by opening files if necessary, then passes it to the parent class for further processing.
5827	Ensures the placeholder image is saved in the correct storage with the specified directory name.
5828	Call superclass pre_save method, update ppoi field, return file.
5829	Update the ppoi field of the model instance before it is saved. If the ppoi is defined, retrieve the file from the instance and update the ppoi field using the ppoi value from the file. If force=True, update the ppoi field accordingly.
5830	Handles form data for a MultiValueField of a model instance. If data is a tuple, updates PPOI or clears the field based on the tuple contents. For other data types, calls the parent class's save_form_data method.
5831	Return a formfield with default settings, overriding them if provided. If ppoi_field is set, use SizedImageCenterpointClickDjangoAdminField. If widget is AdminFileWidget, remove it from defaults.
5832	Checks Django version and uses different methods to get field value before serializing.
5833	Iterate over django.apps.get_app_configs() and attempt to import versatileimagefield.py modules, resetting the registry if an exception occurs and re-raising if the module is expected to be present.
5834	Unregisters a SizedImage subclass from a registry using an attribute name. Raises NotRegistered if no subclass is registered.
5835	Unregister the FilteredImage subclass associated with attr_name from the filter_registry. Raises NotRegistered if attr_name is not already registered.
5836	Check for a non-empty name. If empty, return the URL of a placeholder image if defined; otherwise, use the default behavior.
5837	Builds filters and sizers for a field, dynamically setting attributes based on registry entries.
5838	Extracts and returns the root folder location for stored filtered images.
5839	Return path where sized images are stored, combining base directory, folder from file name, and an empty string at the end.
5840	Return the path to the folder where filtered and sized images are stored.
5841	Delete files matching a regex in the filename extension before the file extension.
5842	Preprocess an image by rotating it based on EXIF orientation and preserving the ICC profile. If a format-specific preprocessor exists, it is called to further process the image. Returns the preprocessed image and a dictionary of additional save keyword arguments.
5843	Return image and a dictionary with transparency key if exists.
5844	Converts a JPEG image to RGB and returns it along with a quality parameter.
5845	Return a PIL Image instance and its metadata from a given file path.
5846	Saves raw image data to the specified path in storage using an InMemoryUploadedFile object.
5847	Converts PPOI values to a string representation, replacing decimal points with hyphens.
5848	Creates a resized image based on given dimensions and saves it to the specified path.
5849	Override the render method to support Django < 1.11. Check if the widget has template rendering support. If so, call the super method. Otherwise, generate a context and render the template.
5850	Get the context for rendering a widget, including additional information if a template widget rendering method is not available.
5851	Clones a base attribute dictionary and updates it with any additional attributes provided. Returns the merged dictionary.
5852	Generate a resized image path based on the given dimensions and filename key, replacing spaces to ensure memcache-friendliness.
5853	Extracts the folder and filename from the input path, applies a filter to the filename using the provided key, constructs a new path with a specific filter directory, removes spaces for cache key compatibility, and returns the filtered path.
5854	Validate a list of size keys, each a 2-tuple of strings, ensuring the second element is either 'url' or follows the pattern 'XxY' and then 'url'. Converts the list to a set to remove duplicates and returns it. Raises InvalidSizeKey if a size is invalid. Raises InvalidSizeKeySet if the input is not an iterable of 2-tuples.
5855	Builds a URL from an image key by splitting the key, removing the size key if present, and accessing the corresponding attribute.
5856	Retrieve and validate a Rendition Key Set from a predefined dictionary, raising an error if the key does not exist.
5857	Takes a raw `Instruction` and returns a human-readable text representation, or a generic format if the instruction has no immediate values.
5858	def format_function(func_body, func_type=None, indent=2, format_locals=True):
    """
    Formats a function body optionally with its type and local variables.
    Yields formatted lines with indented instructions.
    """
5859	Decodes bytecode, yielding `Instruction`s.
5860	Decodes raw WASM modules, yielding `ModuleFragment`s. Parses module header and sections, optionally decoding subsections based on `decode_name_subsections` flag.
5861	Defers printing deprecation warning until first function call
5862	Establishes a connection to a server using the provided configuration, creates an asynchronous task for the connection, and sets a callback for when the connection is made.
5863	Close the connection and cancel any active pingers and protocols.
5864	Read a response from the AGI, decode it, remove the last character, and parse it into a dictionary.
5865	A coroutine handler for asynchronous socket listening. It reads data from the reader, parses the headers, and then routes the request based on the `agi_network_script` header. If a route is found, it processes the request; otherwise, it logs an error. Finally, it closes the client socket.
5866	Parse AGI result lines using regex, handle special cases like 'HANGUP', and extract code and response.
5867	def agi_code_check(code=None, response=None, line=None):
    """
    Check the AGI code and return a dict for error handling.
    """
5868	Reset static uuid and counters for all instances in the class, optionally using a specified uid.
5869	Returns formatted string representations of instances
5870	def get_data(path):
    """
    Returns metadata from a package directory using setup.py.
    Catches and logs ImportError if setup.py is missing or broken.
    """
5871	The function `get_primary_keys` retrieves the primary key properties for a given SQLAlchemy model class.
5872	Deserialize a serialized value to a model instance. Create a new instance if the parent schema is transient; otherwise, attempt to find an existing instance in the database. If the instance doesn't exist, still return a new (transient) instance.
5873	Retrieve the related object from the database using a query and a serialized value, handling exceptions if no matching record is found.
5874	Updates declared fields with fields converted from the SQLAlchemy model.
5875	Deserialize data to internal representation, using optional SQLAlchemy session, instance to modify, and transient flag. Raises ValueError if no session provided.
5876	Split `data` into `association_attrs` and `kwargs`. `association_attrs` contains keys with association proxies, `kwargs` contains all other keys.
5877	Deletes old stellar tables, runs an after-delete callback, and handles orphan snapshots.
5878	Capture a database snapshot with an optional name, upgrade from old versions if necessary, and provide a message before copying each table.
5879	```python
def list():
    """Prints snapshots as a list with names and timestamps."""
```
5880	Restore the database from a specified snapshot or the latest available snapshot if none provided. Check if slaves are ready; if not, wait for the background process to finish or perform a slow restore. Finally, complete the restoration and notify the user.
5881	Deletes a snapshot by name, providing feedback on success or failure.
5882	Renames a snapshot by old and new name, checks if the old snapshot exists and the new name is unique, then performs the renaming and outputs the result.
5883	Replaces a snapshot with the same name, removing the old one first.
5884	def on_epoch_end(self) -> None:
    'Updates indexes after each epoch for shuffling'
    self.indexes = np.arange(self.nrows)
    if self.shuffle:
        np.random.shuffle(self.indexes)
5885	textacy_cleaner removes unwanted elements like URLs, emails, and punctuation from the input text, converting it to lowercase, fixing unicode, and transliterating characters.
5886	Applies a function to a list of elements in parallel across multiple CPU cores, automatically determining the chunk size.
5887	Define a function to clean and tokenize text, optionally appending start and end indicators.
5888	Combine cleaner and tokenizer to process text.
5889	Process text using a parallel approach.
5890	Calculate document length statistics using a histogram, determine the maximum document length based on a heuristic percentage, log and set the padding maximum length accordingly.
5891	Converts word counts to a sorted pandas dataframe by frequency.
5892	def map_param_type(param_type):
    Extract main and sub types.
    Map to appropriate type, default to 'str' if not found.
5893	Parse the interfaces from the conduit.query json dict response.
5894	It returns the inverse bidict, creating it if necessary by resolving a weak reference or initializing a new one
5895	Update items, rolling back on failure.
5896	Creates a shallow copy of the bidict by using __new__ to instantiate a new instance, then copying the forward and inverse mappings and reinitializing the inverse mapping.
5897	Creates a shallow copy of an ordered bidict by duplicating the internal mappings and links.
5898	def equals_order_sensitive(self, other): Checks if two mappings are equal considering order.
5899	def inverted(arg): Yields the inverse items of the provided object, using its `__inverted__` method if available, or inverting items on the fly.
5900	Remove all items from the data structure by clearing forward mapping, inverse mapping, and resetting sentinels.
5901	Move an existing key in an ordered bidict to the beginning or end. If *last* is True, move to the end; otherwise, to the beginning. Raises KeyError if the key does not exist.
5902	Create a temporary file with a .yml suffix and write the specified text to it. Return the file name.
5903	def get_contacts(address_books, query, method="all", reverse=False,
                 group=False, sort="first_name"):
    """Retrieve and sort contacts from address books based on query and parameters."""
    # Search and concatenate contacts from all address books.
    contacts = [contact for address_book in address_books 
                for contact in address_book.search(query, method=method)]
    
    # Sort the contacts based on parameters.
    if group:
        key = lambda x: (unidecode(x.address_book.name).lower(), 
                        unidecode(x.get_sort_key(sort)).lower())
    else:
        key = lambda x: unidecode(x.get_sort_key(sort)).lower()
    
    return sorted(contacts, reverse=reverse, key=key)
5904	Merges command line arguments into a config object by setting various attributes based on the presence and value of the arguments.
5905	Loads address books specified by names from a config, ensuring they exist, and yields them after loading with search queries.
5906	prepare_search_queries constructs regex search queries for address books based on command line arguments, combining source and target search terms into separate queries for each address book. It returns a dictionary mapping each address book name to its search regex, with None indicating no specific query.
5907	Create a new contact in an address book.
5908	Iterates through a list of vCard objects, filtering out those without a birthday, sorting them by date, and then printing the result in either human-readable or machine-readable format.
5909	This function `phone_subcommand` filters and prints contact phone numbers based on search terms and formats the output according to user preferences. It handles both human-readable and machine-readable (tab-separated) outputs and searches for exact matches or partial phone number matches. If no results are found, it prints a message accordingly.
5910	Defines `list_subcommand` that prints a user-friendly contacts table or machine-readable output based on the `parsable` parameter. If no contacts are found and `parsable` is false, it exits with an error message.
5911	This function modifies a contact in an external editor. It first checks if the contact's vCard version is supported. If not, it prompts the user to proceed at their own risk. If there's new data from stdin, it creates a new contact and prompts the user to confirm the changes before overwriting the old contact and opening it in the editor if desired. If there's no new data from stdin, it simply opens the existing contact in the editor.
5912	Remove a contact from the address book with or without confirmation. If force is False, prompt for confirmation before deleting the contact. If confirmed or force is True, delete the contact and print a success message.
5913	Open a vcard file in an external editor.
5914	This method merges two contacts into one. It first checks if the target UID or search terms are provided. If both are provided, it exits with an error message. It then looks up possible target contacts based on the UID or search terms provided. It selects a source contact from a list of vCards and a target contact from a list of possible target contacts. Finally, it merges the source contact into the target contact if they are different.
5915	Function `copy_or_move_subcommand` copies or moves a selected contact to a different address book, handling cases where the contact already exists or is identical in the target address book. It prompts the user for selections and actions accordingly.
5916	def get_action(cls, alias): Returns the name of the action associated with the given alias, or None if no action is found. Uses a dictionary to map aliases to actions.
5917	Converts boolean value in config from "yes" or "no" to True or False, using default if not present
5918	Creates a new contact with an empty address and specified parameters.
5919	Create a new contact from an existing .vcf file
5920	Creates a new contact from user input by processing the input using a private method.
5921	Clones an existing contact, replacing its data with new user input.
5922	Get a list of entries for a specific part of the "N" entry in the vCard.
5923	Adds categories to a vCard object.
5924	parse phone number, email, and post address types; validate against supported types; track preference integers; return standard and custom types
5925	converts list to string with delimiter, recursively handling nested lists
5926	Parse a string to a datetime object using specified formats, raising ValueError if none match.
5927	Calculate the minimum length of initial substrings of two strings where they differ.
5928	Searches all fields of contacts for a query, yielding matching contacts where the query is found in either the raw VCard details or the cleaned details without special characters, with a minimum length requirement for numbers in the query.
5929	Search for contacts whose names match a given query.
5930	Search for contacts with a matching UID. Yields all found contacts.
5931	Methods searches address book for contacts matching query using specified method ("all", "name", or "uid"). Logs search operation. Loads address book if not already loaded. Returns list of matching contacts. Raises error for unsupported search methods.
5932	Create a dictionary of short unique prefixes for contact UIDs. If the address book is not initialized, it loads the contacts using a provided query. It handles cases with no contacts or a single contact. For multiple contacts, it iteratively compares UIDs to find the longest common prefix and stores it.
5933	Initialize the short_uids dictionary. Loop through the input uid from longest to shortest substring. If a substring is found in the dictionary, return it. If no valid substring is found, return an empty string.
5934	Find vCard files in an address book, optionally filtering by a regular expression and limiting search to file contents. Returns paths of matching vCard files as a generator.
5935	Load Vcard files from disk, filter by query, and store contacts in address book. Handles errors, warns on UID conflicts, and updates load status.
5936	Get address book by name.
5937	This method initializes a dictionary mapping architecture names to tuples containing the corresponding Keystone Engine architecture and mode constants.
5938	Inits a dictionary mapping architecture names to their corresponding Capstone values for disassembling.
5939	Relaxes `inspect.getargspec` sanity check to support Cython by allowing functions without `func_code` or `func_defaults`.
5940	Parses arguments and calls relevant function, handles help and unknown arguments, manages output.
5941	Prompts user for input while correctly handling prompt message encoding for compatibility between Python 2.x and 3.x versions.
5942	Encodes a given value for writing to a file object, handling Unicode and bytes based on Python version and file encoding requirements.
5943	Adds types and actions to argument specifications by inferring them from default values and choices.
5944	Add functions as subcommands to an ArgumentParser. Allows specifying nested namespaces and custom parser options. Deprecated parameters like title, description, and help should be moved to namespace_kwargs.
5945	A decorator that changes the name of a function to the specified string, making the function accessible under that name.
5946	```
@arg decorator extends function arguments with help messages, choices, and default values.
```
5947	Definitely
5948	Creates a copy of the Query object, allows replacing specified attributes, and returns the new object.
5949	def like(self, **kwargs):
    Adds like filters to the query. Accepts keyword arguments where the value is a pattern to match. Patterns support wildcards (`*` for any character, `**` for any sequence, `+` for exactly one character). Each filter is added to the query's existing filters.
5950	def cached_result(self, timeout):
    Validate filters and order criteria, convert timeout to integer, ensure timeout >= 1, and execute search with expiration.
5951	Returns the first result from the query, applying any limits and filters, or None if no result is found.
5952	This method deletes entities that match the query conditions in blocks of a specified size (default is 100). It avoids deleting entities from models with foreign key relationships and ensures efficient deletion by batching operations.
5953	This function manages "on_delete" behavior in OneToMany columns, handling options like 'restrict', 'set null', 'set default', and 'cascade' by recursively updating related entities and deleting appropriate records.
5954	Generates a temporary key, calculates start and end for a prefix, and executes Lua script for prefix, suffix, and pattern match operations.
5955	Estimates work for a prefix match over an index, handling different index types and formatting prefix arguments.
5956	Searches model ids based on filters, orders results, and returns them. Handles pagination with offset and count. Supports sorting and optional expiration for temporary results.
5957	This method counts items matching provided filters using Redis connections. It prepares a pipeline, calculates the count, deletes the temporary ID, and returns the count.
5958	Attempts to retrieve a connection from an object by first checking for a `_conn` attribute. If not found, it looks for a `CONN` attribute. If neither is present, it uses a global default connection method.
5959	lowercase, split, strip punctuation, sort, unique, return list or bytes
5960	def refresh_indices(model, block_size=100):
    '''Iterate, refresh indices, yield progress over entities.'''
5961	'''python
Clean up old index data by model entities, yielding progress. Supports block_size parameter and disables unique index cleanup for pre-2.8 Redis versions.
'''
5962	Adds an entity to the session if it's not the null session. Initializes the session if needed. Sets the primary key and adds the object to known and wknown dictionaries.
5963	Retrieves an entity from the session using a primary key, checking both known and wknown dictionaries.
5964	Writes data to Redis using a Lua script, handles data serialization, and manages write conflicts.
5965	Saves the current entity to Redis, applying changes based on options to save either minimal or full data, and handling pre and post-commit hooks.
5966	Deletes the entity immediately and handles on_delete operations.
5967	Fetches one or more entities from the session or Redis based on given IDs. Handles single and multiple IDs, fetching them in the same order if multiple IDs are provided. Uses sessions first; if an entity is not in the session, it fetches from Redis and updates the session accordingly.
5968	Attach a reducer function to a given type in the dispatch table, handling Python 2 compatibility by using a closure if necessary.
5969	Opens or creates a semaphore with the specified name and value. If the value is None, it tries to retrieve an existing semaphore. Otherwise, it creates a new semaphore with the given value. Raises exceptions on failure.
5970	```python
def cpu_count():
    """Return the minimum number of CPUs available for the current process, considering system limits, affinity settings, and user-defined limits."""
```
5971	Sends a result or exception back to a result queue using a _ResultItem. Handles exceptions by capturing the traceback.
5972	Evaluates `_CallItems` from `call_queue`, processes them, and places results in `result_queue` in a separate process. Handles initialization, worker termination, and memory management.
5973	Def _add_call_item_to_queue:
Loop until call_queue full or work_ids empty. 
Remove work_id from work_ids. 
If work_item's future is running/notify cancel:
Add work_id to running_work_items. 
Add _CallItem to call_queue. 
Else, remove work_id from pending_work_items.
5974	ensures all workers and management thread are running
5975	Wrapper for non-picklable objects using cloudpickle for serialization.
5976	Spawns a server process for a manager object using multiprocessing. Checks initializer type, creates a pipe, starts the server process, retrieves server address, and sets up a finalizer for cleanup.
5977	Returns a wrapper for a file descriptor by either duplicating it in a child process or using a resource sharer, depending on availability. If neither method is possible, raises a TypeError.
5978	Returns the current ReusableExectutor instance, starting a new one if necessary, and adjusts the number of workers if needed.
5979	Wait for job completion before resizing the pool.
5980	Collects and returns data needed for a child process to unpickle a process object, including logging settings, sys path, current directory, and information about the main module initialization.
5981	def prepare(data):  
    Updates process settings and environment variables from the input data.
5982	Close all file descriptors except those in keep_fds, ensuring stdout and stderr remain open.
5983	Terminates a process and its descendants using a recursive approach. If psutil is not available, it falls back to the classic terminate method and waits for the process to finish.
5984	Recursively kills a process's descendants before terminating the process itself. On Windows, uses `taskkill /T`. Otherwise, finds child PIDs with `pgrep -P`, recursively terminates them, then tries to kill the parent process.
5985	Waits up to .25 seconds to collect exit codes from terminated workers, then formats and returns them. If no exit codes are found immediately, it retries until some are available or patience runs out.
5986	Formats a list of exit codes, replacing numerical codes with their signal names where possible, and returns a string representation of the list.
5987	This method, `main`, runs a semaphore tracker that monitors and manages semaphore registration and unregistration. It handles signals to ignore interruptions and closes standard input and output if they linger. The method reads commands from a file descriptor, processes registration and unregistration requests, and cleans up any remaining semaphores upon shutdown. If verbose mode is enabled, it provides detailed output about its operations.
5988	Ensure the semaphore tracker process is running. Launch it if it's not or if it dies unexpectedly.
5989	A simple event processor that prints out events to a debugger interface, optionally appending an event argument.
5990	Program counter for running Python programs. When a program is running, it shows the PC offset, disassembles code around the current line, and highlights the current line and surrounding lines. If no program is running, it displays a message indicating that no Python program is running and shows the current execution status.
5991	Interact with a Python interpreter like the one in the interactive environment, allowing customizations such as a custom banner, input function, and local/global variables.
5992	Splits a command line's arguments in a shell-like manner, returning a list of lists. Uses ';;' with white space to indicate separate commands. Respects quotes in inputs by default.
5993	Return a stack of frames for debugging, excluding certain frames and adding traceback frames if applicable.
5994	Iterate through `hooks`, calling each with `obj` and `args`. Return `True` if any hook returns `True`, otherwise return `False`.
5995	Clears state variables.
5996	Evaluate arg and return it as an integer if valid, otherwise return None.
5997	Returns an integer value from `arg`, using `default` if `arg` is `None`. Validates `arg` against `min_value` and `at_most`, reporting errors if out of range.
5998	Handler for debugger commands. Checks execution status, sets up, and processes commands in a loop until a leave condition is met or an EOFError occurs. Handles stacked interfaces and raises DebuggerQuit if necessary.
5999	Adds a command to the queue to read a debugger command file if it is readable. If the file does not exist, an error message is shown. If the file is not readable, an error message is shown.
6000	Find the next token and its position.
6001	def errmsg(self, msg, prefix="** "):
    Adjusts error messages based on verbosity and options, then reports them.
6002	Increment input line number, read a line from input, and return it, optionally logging the location and command if verbose is enabled.
6003	Closes both input and output, updates state to 'disconnected'
6004	Disassemble a code object `co` into bytes for disassembling.
6005	Disasm byte string to instrs; vars, names, etc. track context.
6006	Count the number of frames in a call stack, starting from a given frame and a specified start count.
6007	Returns the name of the function being called if the current frame is a CALL_FUNCTION, otherwise returns None.
6008	Prints the stack trace of a process object up to a specified count of entries, with an option to colorize the output and handle keyboard interrupts gracefully.
6009	Look up a subcommand with a partial match.
6010	Displays short help for a subcommand using its entry. If a label is provided, it prefixes the help with the subcommand name. Checks if the subcommand entry exists and has a `short_help` attribute before displaying it. If not found, it calls `undefined_subcmd` with the subcommand name.
6011	Adds a subcommand to the object, stores its callback and documentation, and updates command completion list.
6012	The run method looks up a subcommand entry by name and invokes its callback with the provided argument. If the subcommand is not found, it calls an undefined_cmd method on cmdproc.
6013	debugger_obj and post_mortem. If 0, stop at debug() call. Otherwise, ignore step_ignore lines.
6014	Display commands by category with optional sorting and formatting.
6015	Determines the current line number in the source file and displays it along with optional item and file name. If the file name is not found, it searches for it using a custom function.
6016	Find the first frame with `f_trace` set by backtracking from the given frame, skipping debugger frames. If no debugged frame is found, return the original frame.
6017	Create a dictionary mapping thread names to IDs.
6018	Converts `arg` to an integer if possible, otherwise returns `default` and raises an error if `errmsg` is provided.
6019	Return True if arg is 'on' or '1', False if 'off' or '0'. Raise ValueError otherwise.
6020	set a Boolean-valued debugger setting on 'obj' using the first argument or 'on' if none is provided, ignoring ValueError
6021	Sets an integer-valued debugger setting for a given object, handling validation and error messages.
6022	Displays a boolean-valued debugger setting's name and value using a generic subcommand. If no specific 'what' is provided, it defaults to the subcommand's name.
6023	Retrieves and displays an integer value from an object's debugger settings. Optionally accepts a specific attribute name to display.
6024	Displays the value of a setting for an object
6025	def is_def_stmt(line, frame):
    return line and _re_def.match(line) and op_at_frame(frame) == 'LOAD_CONST' and stmt_contains_opcode(frame.f_code, frame.f_lineno, 'MAKE_FUNCTION')
6026	Check if the current line is a class definition statement and the frame contains the 'BUILD_CLASS' opcode.
6027	The `threaded_quit` method signals all threads except the current one to quit by raising a `Mexcept.DebuggerQuit` exception, and then raises the exception in the current thread as well.
6028	Check if the 'TERM' environment variable starts with 'xterm', 'eterm', or equals 'dtterm', return False; otherwise, return True.
6029	```plaintext
Determines if RGB color is dark. Uses midpoint defined by environment variables or defaults, based on terminal type. Returns True if color is dark, False otherwise.
```
6030	Returns a tuple containing the name, filename, and first line number of the given frame's code object.
6031	Iterate through a list of display items, appending formatted strings to a list. Return the list or 0 if no items are found.
6032	```python
def display(self, frame):
    '''Display active items with matching signature'''
    if not frame: return
    s = []
    sig = signature(frame)
    for display in self.list:
        if display.signature == sig and display.enabled:
            s.append(display.to_s(frame))
    return s
```
6033	Formats the display item based on enabled status and other properties.
6034	Reads a message unit from the connection buffer. If the buffer is empty, it receives data from the connection and unpacks the message. Raises EOFError if no data is received. Raises IOError if called in a non-connected state.
6035	Set a breakpoint at the current frame or a specified frame.
6036	undefined_subcmd(cmd, subcmd): generates an error message when a requested subcommand does not exist, suggesting the user try using "help" command for available options.
6037	Handle frame commands with various argument forms, setting the debugged frame accordingly.
6038	Try to pretty print a simple list of numeric values. Return True if successful, False otherwise.
6039	Finds signal name by number, returns None for invalid numbers.
6040	Converts input name to uppercase, checks if it starts with 'SIG' and exists in the signal module. If not, prepends 'SIG' and checks again. Returns the signal number if valid, else None.
6041	Convert a signal name or number to its canonical form, handling various error cases.
6042	set_signal_replacement replaces signal.signal, chaining the signal to the debugger's handler. It checks if the signal number is valid, then sets the pass_along flag and adjusts the signal handler if necessary, storing the old handler. Returns True if successful, False otherwise.
6043	Iterate through a dictionary of signal handlers, checking and adjust each one if necessary.
6044	Prints information about a signal. If no arguments provided, shows all signal handlers. Otherwise, displays details for a specified signal.
6045	Delegates actions specified in `arg` to another method. Splits `arg` into `signame` and attributes. Handles `signame` and attributes appropriately, invoking methods like `handle_stop` or `handle_print`. Adjusts signal handler if necessary.
6046	Sets whether to print when a signal is caught. If set_print is True, sets the print_method of the signal to the current message in the debugger interface. If False, sets print_method to None. Returns the value of set_print.
6047	This method handles signal reception, optionally printing a message and stack trace, stopping the program, or passing the signal to the program.
6048	Given a file name, extract the most likely module name by removing the extension if present.
6049	Search a list of directories for a specified filename, expanding $cwd and $cdir. Return the full pathname if found, otherwise return None.
6050	Perform a shell-like path lookup for a Python script, searching the specified or system PATH directories, and return the first found path or the original script if not found.
6051	List all Python files in the caller's dir without the path and trailing .py
6052	Writes a message to a debugger connected to the server, ensuring a newline is added.
6053	The function `run` checks the execution status of a Python program. If the program is running, it reports whether it has stopped and provides details such as the stop reason, PC offset, return value, or exception information. If no program is running, it displays a message indicating that no Python program is in execution.
6054	Sorts commands, then arranges them in aligned columns with a specified width and prefix.
6055	Enter debugger read loop after program crash.
6056	Closes socket and server connection by setting state to 'closing', closing inout if it exists, setting state to 'closing connection', closing conn if it exists, and finally setting state to 'disconnected'.
6057	This method sends a message over a connection. If not connected, it waits for a connection. It handles message buffering to send in chunks if the message is larger than the maximum packet size.
6058	Complete an arbitrary expression by collecting globals and locals, then filtering attributes based on the prefix.
6059	def dbgr(self, string):
    Appends a debugger command to a queue and processes it.
    Args:
        string (str): The debugger command to be executed.
    Returns:
        None
6060	Add functions to the debug ignore list.
6061	Converts relative filenames to absolute paths, caches results, and handles special internal names.
6062	Returns the filename or its basename based on the basename setting.
6063	Check if debugging is in progress, trace hook not suspended, and trace dispatch found.
6064	Determines if debugging should stop at the current line in the given frame based on event type, line number, and program execution state (stepping, next, finish commands).
6065	Sets the next event stop in a given frame, considering all events unless specified.
6066	A min STACK TRACE routine for threads. Outputs stack entries.
6067	def run(self, args):
        Retrieves file information based on user input or the current frame's file.
        Checks if the file is cached and provides details.
        Displays the canonical name and any matching modules.
        Processes additional sub-options like file size, SHA1, and potential breakpoint lines.
6068	Check if a breakpoint set by function name should be hit based on the current frame.
6069	Remove a breakpoint from the debugger.
6070	Function to delete a breakpoint by its number. Returns True if successful, False with an error message if not.
6071	Method to enable or disable all breakpoints. It checks if there are any breakpoints to toggle. If so, it iterates through the breakpoints, updating their `enabled` status and collecting their numbers. Finally, it returns a message indicating which breakpoints were enabled or disabled.
6072	"Toggle breakpoint enabled status based on number."
6073	Deletes all breakpoints at a given filename and line number and returns a list of deleted breakpoint numbers.
6074	Set the file input for reading, handling text file objects or file paths.
6075	Reads a line of input from the user, ignoring `prompt` and `use_raw` parameters. Raises an EOFError if input is empty. Returns the input line without the newline character.
6076	Prompts user for confirmation with a given message and default value. Loops until a valid "yes" or "no" response is received, returning True for "yes" and False for "no". Returns default value if EOFError occurs.
6077	Add 'SPACE' token for one or more whitespace characters.
6078	Reads a sequence of digits, converts it to an integer, adds a 'NUMBER' token with the integer value, and advances the position.
6079	Wrap a SQLAlchemy query in a Tornado Future
6080	Restore an original login session by checking the signed session, logging out the current user, and attempting to re-authenticate the original user if the session is valid.
6081	Function to import a module and attribute by path, raising exceptions on errors
6082	Yield documents from a Luminoso project, with optional expansion and progress tracking.
6083	Handle command-line arguments for the 'lumi-download' command, process them, and use the arguments to download documents and optionally save an API token.
6084	Read a JSON or CSV file, convert it to a JSON stream, and save it in a temporary file.
6085	def open_json_or_csv_somehow(filename, date_format=None):
    Determines the file format and parses the file accordingly, returning normalized data.
6086	Normalize data for upload to Luminoso Analytics. Convert dates if format is specified, yield unchanged if no date or format mismatch.
6087	Convert date string to epoch time using specified format, or directly convert epoch string to float
6088	Detects the encoding of a file using a sample of its first megabyte with ftfy's encoding detector.
6089	def stream_json_lines(file):
    Opens a file and yields one JSON object at a time from a stream.
6090	Convert a file to UTF-8 encoding and return a temporary file object.
6091	def open_csv_somehow_py2(filename):
    Open a CSV file using Python 2's CSV module, handling UTF-16 encoding deficiencies. Detect encoding, transcode if necessary, and read the file with appropriate delimiters and encoding.
6092	Reads a CSV row, encodes each cell, and converts it to a dictionary. Removes empty text and title, normalizes text, and processes date and subset fields.
6093	Parse command line arguments to convert or verify a file as a JSON stream, with optional output redirection.
6094	This method `connect` creates an API client object by optionally taking a URL and a token or token file. If no URL is provided, it defaults to 'https://analytics.luminoso.com/api/v5/'.

If no token is given, it searches for a token file or uses tokens stored in a default location. It then initializes a session, authenticates it with the token, and returns the client object.

Key steps:
1. Determine root URL.
2. Check for token: use provided, file, or default.
3. Initialize session and authenticate.
4. Return client object.
6095	Store API token locally. If file exists, load tokens, update with new token, and save. If file doesn't exist, create new entry. Ensure directory exists before saving.
6096	Make a request using the `requests` module and convert HTTP errors to Python exceptions based on status code.
6097	Sends a DELETE request to a specified path, converts keyword parameters to URL parameters, and returns the JSON-decoded result.
6098	Polls the API at a specified interval until a project build completes or fails, then returns the build info or raises an error.
6099	Get the root URL by parsing the input URL, ensuring it's complete, and issuing a warning if the path doesn't start with /api/v4.
6100	Obtain and save user's long-lived API token in a local file. If no token exists, create one. Store the token in the specified file, creating necessary directories if required. Return the saved token.
6101	Make a request of the specified type and expect a JSON object in response. If the response contains an error, raise a LuminosoAPIError. Otherwise, return the result value.
6102	Make a POST request to the specified path with data in the body. Return JSON-decoded result. Set content_type appropriately. Convert keyword params to URL params. Used for uploading documents to the Luminoso API.
6103	Return a new LuminosoClient for a specified subpath. If the path starts with '/', it starts from the root_url, otherwise from the current url.
6104	Get the ID of the default account for accessing projects.
6105	Fetch API documentation from the server.
6106	Waits for an asynchronous job to complete by polling the Luminoso API, retrying every 5 seconds until the job is done or fails.
6107	Fetches the raw text of a response for a given URL path with optional parameters.
6108	Prints a JSON list of JSON objects in CSV format by checking if the input is a list, creating a CSV writer with the keys of the first object, writing the header, and then writing each object as a row in the CSV.
6109	Reads parameters from an input file, JSON body, and command-line arguments, prioritizing the input file, then the JSON body, and finally the command-line arguments. The command-line arguments must be in key=value format.
6110	Simplify a document to include only 'text', 'metadata', and 'title' fields.
6111	Uploads documents to Luminoso, creates a project, and waits for the project to build with optional progress tracking.
6112	Uploads documents to a project via a LuminosoClient using a specified language and name, optionally handling progress.
6113	Handle command-line arguments for uploading documents to a project. Processes options like base URL, account ID, language, and token. Interacts with the Luminoso API to save tokens and upload documents, displaying project creation details.
6114	Uploads a JSON stream to a Luminoso server as a project. Creates a new project if it doesn't exist or appends to an existing one. Uploads documents in batches and optionally stages the calculation.
6115	Upload a file to Luminoso, converting it to a JSON stream if necessary, and then uploading it with given account and project details.
6116	Define and parse command line arguments for uploading a file to a Luminoso project, including options for appending to an existing project, staging the upload, specifying an API URL, language, username, password, and date format.
6117	Obtain a username and password to get a short-lived token using the Luminoso API, then create an auth object with that token.
6118	Create an HTTP session if it doesn't exist, set a fake user-agent header, and then post to the login page.
6119	Logs into Enedis using provided credentials and validates session cookies.
6120	Retrieve data from Enedis.fr using a POST request, handle redirects, parse JSON response, and raise errors for specific conditions.
6121	Fetches latest energy data from Enedis in hourly, daily, monthly, and yearly periods.
6122	Load the view class from a dotted name, instantiate it with necessary properties, and store it for reuse.
6123	This method initializes the view for a class if it's not already initialized. It sets the view's handler and request properties. If the view is already loaded based on a session or group, it uses that instead.
6124	Route GET requests to the appropriate handler; cache for websockets. For non-websockets, render the view and return it.
6125	Handle message, decode JSON, get reference, find node, and handle event or update accordingly.
6126	When pages change, update the menus by collecting all links, categorizing them into menus, and updating the menu attributes accordingly.
6127	Generate and return the handlers for the site, including static file handler and page-specific handlers.
6128	When a message is received, the `on_message` method processes it to update an ENAML node. It parses the JSON message, retrieves the node using an XPath query, and triggers the appropriate action based on the message type. If the message type is 'event', it invokes the named method. If the type is 'update', it sets the named attribute to the provided value. If the message type is unrecognized, it logs a warning.
6129	Sends an ENAML event to the client's browser via a websocket.
6130	Create the toolkit widget for the proxy object by assigning it to the 'widget' attribute in the 'create_widget' method.
6131	Initialize and configure the state of the widget during the top-down pass, setting various properties and attributes based on the declaration.
6132	Clears reference to toolkit widget and sets parent to None. Removes widget from parent if present. Deletes widget and declaration from cache. Calls superclass destroy method.
6133	Handle a "child added" event by inserting the child toolkit widget in the correct position within the parent widget. Subclasses may override for more control.
6134	Unparent the child toolkit widget and remove it from the parent widget's children list.
6135	Get child toolkit widgets for the object, yielding only those with non-None widgets.
6136	Sets or deletes an attribute of the widget based on the value. If value is True, sets the attribute to the attribute name. If False, deletes the attribute. Otherwise, sets the attribute to the string representation of the value.
6137	Update proxy widget based on Widget data changes, using default handler if available, or setting attribute directly if not.
6138	If a websocket connection is active and a change occurs, this method notifies the client of the change by passing the modified object and its details to the `modified` method of the `Html` root object.
6139	Find nodes matching the given XPath query
6140	Set attributes from kwargs, initialize if not already, activate proxy if not already.
6141	Initialize widget with source if available, else call super method.
6142	Sets the source by parsing and inserting HTML into the component's widget, then reinitializes the widget.
6143	If the mode changes and the type is 'update' and the old value is not 'replace', remove all children from the block, set their parent to None, and refresh the items.
6144	When the 'objects' list of the Include is updated, this handler is called. If the Include is initialized and the change type is 'update', it removes old objects and reparents new objects. If the 'destroy_old' flag is True, old objects are destroyed.
6145	When the children of the block change, update the referenced block by destroying old children not in new list, setting their parent to None, and inserting new children accordingly, either into the block or the parent block based on the mode.
6146	Reads file contents relative to setup.py.
6147	Prints an error message to stderr and exits with the specified exit code.
6148	Prints an error message to stderr for parsing errors and exits with status -1
6149	Retrieves an item from the menu by name, ignoring case sensitivity. Raises StopIteration if not found. Returns the matching item object.
6150	Clears the current session on the remote, sets up a new one, and returns the response of expiring the session.
6151	Cleares the current store, retrieves a cookie, and updates the CSRF token for subsequent requests. Returns the response from the request.
6152	Search for nearby Domino's pizza stores using a search term and return a list of matching stores.
6153	Set the delivery system for a store using a postcode and return the response.
6154	Retrieve store menu based on availability, version, and ID.
6155	Adds an item to the basket based on its type, handling different variants and quantities.
6156	Adds a specified quantity of a pizza variant to the current basket and returns a response.
6157	Adds a side item to the basket with a specified quantity and returns a response.
6158	Remove an item from the basket by its ID and return the response.
6159	Selects and sets the payment method for a purchase using the provided method ID and returns the response from the POST request.
6160	Send a POST request to '/PaymentOptions/Proceed' with payment method parameters to process the payment, returning a response.
6161	Makes an HTTP GET request to the Dominos UK API using the current session and specified parameters. Returns a response from the API.
6162	Sends a HTTP POST request to the Dominos UK API using the current session's post method with the provided path and keyword arguments, returning the API response.
6163	Makes an HTTP request to the Dominos UK API using the given method, path, and parameters. Returns the response if the status code is 200; otherwise, raises an ApiError.
6164	Add an item to the end of the menu before the exit item. If the exit item was removed, add it back. Adjust screen size if necessary and redraw the menu.
6165	Ensure the last item is the exit item; add if not. Returns True if added, False otherwise.
6166	Draws and refreshes the menu screen, updating it when changes occur. Highlights the currently selected option and adjusts the display based on screen size.
6167	Handles keyboard input and decides action based on character pressed.
6168	Select the current item, run它的行动, 清理, 获取返回值, 并根据是否退出决定是否重新绘制。
6169	converts an old-style menu data dictionary into a CursesMenu object by iterating through options and creating corresponding menu items
6170	Retrieve top or bottom N records based on a column value, optionally grouped by other columns.
6171	Get top or bottom N results by grouping and aggregating data.
6172	Converts a string column in a DataFrame to a datetime column using a specified format.
6173	Converts a datetime column in a DataFrame to a string column with a specified format. The output column can be optionally named, defaulting to overwriting the input column.
6174	Change the format of a date in a DataFrame column.
6175	Converts specified column in a DataFrame to a new or existing column of a specified type.
6176	Creates rank columns for specified value columns in a DataFrame, grouping by optional group columns, using specified ranking method and order. Output includes original DataFrame with additional rank columns.
6177	Return a line for each bar of a waterfall chart, computing variation and variation rate for each line. Handles optional upper and inside groups, filters, and multi-step computation of values and orders.
6178	Applies a basic mathematical operation on two columns or values of a dataframe and returns the updated dataframe with the result in a new column.
6179	Define a function to round values in a specified column of a DataFrame.
- Column name, number of decimal points, and option for creating a new or replacing the original column are parameters.
- Rounds each value in the specified column to the given number of decimal places.
- Adds the rounded values to a new column if specified, or replaces the original column otherwise.
- Returns the updated DataFrame with rounded values.
Essentially, it enables column data formatting by rounding to specified decimal places, providing flexibility in creating new columns or replacing existing ones.
6180	Generates a new column with the absolute values of a specified column in a DataFrame, or updates the existing column if no new column is specified.
6181	Pivot the data by specifying index columns, a column to pivot on, and a value column. Optionally, choose an aggregation function (default 'mean'). The function converts the DataFrame into a pivot table and resets the index.
6182	Merges groups of variables into new columns in a DataFrame, using a specified value column to fill the pivot table.
6183	Group data by specified columns and apply aggregation functions to each group. Handles multi-level columns by flattening them.
6184	```python
Calculates cumulative sum of a column in a DataFrame, grouping by specified indices and a date column.
```
6185	Adds missing rows to a DataFrame based on a reference column, allowing for optional methods to interpolate between existing values and specifying columns to keep.
6186	Decorator to catch exceptions, logs error message without re-raising.
6187	Decorator to log a message before executing a function
6188	Decorator to log execution time of a function.
6189	Decorator to log shapes of input and output dataframes.
6190	Replaces data values and column names according to the locale.
6191	df.groupby(id_cols + reference_cols + cols_to_keep).sum()[new_value_cols] = df.groupby(level=levels)[value_cols].cumsum()
6192	Combines and aggregates data based on specified columns and operations
6193	Retrieve the value of a function parameter from its signature and the provided call arguments.
6194	Removes old entries from the cache directory based on the last access time, keeping only the newest 'limit' entries. Returns the number of entries removed.
6195	Rolls up a DataFrame by creating aggregates following a given hierarchy. Groups by specified columns, performs aggregation, and adds a new column with the aggregation type.
6196	Return the row with the maximum value in a specified column, optionally grouped by one or more columns.
6197	Remove rows where the value in the specified column is not the minimum. If groups are specified, retain the row with the minimum value within each group.
6198	Fill NaN values in a specified column of a DataFrame with either a given value or values from another column. Either 'value' or 'column_value' parameter must be provided. If 'column_value' is used, it must be a valid column name in the DataFrame.
6199	Adds a human-readable offset to a date object and returns the corresponding date. Supports "w", "week", "weeks" for weeks, "month", "months" for months, and "y", "year", "years" for years. Uses `pandas.Timedelta` and handles parsing errors with additional logic for specific units.
6200	The function `add_months` takes a date object and an integer number of months as input, and returns the date after adding the specified number of months. If the resulting date does not exist, it returns the last valid day of that month.
6201	Add years to a date, adjusting for leap years and non-existent days.
6202	The `parse_date` function takes a date string and a format string as input and returns a `date` object. It supports adding a time offset and interpreting symbolic names like `TODAY`, `YESTERDAY`, and `TOMORROW`.
6203	The `filter_by_date` function filters a DataFrame based on date criteria. It requires the name of a date column, an optional date format, and either a specific date (`atdate`), a date range (`start` and `stop`), or a date boundary (`start` or `stop`). The function converts the date column to datetime objects, applies the specified date filter, and returns the filtered DataFrame without the temporary datetime column.
6204	Calculates the percentage of a column for each group defined in group_cols. Adds the result to a new column specified by new_column or the original column if new_column is not provided.
6205	This method优化神经网络参数，支持SGD、AdaGrad和AdaDelta三种优化算法。根据输入参数选择合适的优化方法，并更新参数的梯度和累加和。返回更新后的参数和自由参数列表。
6206	Return training updates based on parameters, gradients, and optimization.
6207	Return parameters to be optimized, excluding those marked as fixed.
6208	```
Applies optimization to parameters and gradients, returns updates and adds free parameters to network.
```
6209	Compute first glimpse position using down-sampled image, apply Gaussian sampling if reinforcement is enabled, and return the position and gradient.
6210	The `prepare` method sets up neural network components, including an encoder, decoder, and classifier, and registers them. It also defines input variables.
6211	Compute tensors for encoder, decoder, and classifier. Calculate autoencoder and classification costs. Combine costs with weights. Compute error rate. Register monitors. Return final cost.
6212	Apply a function to all sets in a class.
6213	Convert target labels to one-hot vectors for training, validation, and test sets.
6214	Print dataset statistics for the class.
6215	This method trains a model using mini-batches, evaluating periodically on validation and test sets. It logs training progress and applies callbacks if specified.
6216	Generate a sequence by sampling from a language model, appending the predicted token to the input at each step.
6217	Compute alignment weights by projecting the previous state, adding precomputed values with potential masking, applying tanh activation, dotting with a vector, and finally applying softmax.
6218	Compute the context vector using soft attention, where the alignment weights are computed based on the previous state and inputs, and the context vector is the weighted sum of the inputs.
6219	Concatenates variables along a specified axis. If the first variable is a NeuralVariable, uses the Concatenate layer to compute the concatenation and adjusts the output dimension accordingly. Otherwise, uses Theano's TT.concatenate function.
6220	Pads datasets in `self._train_set`, `self._valid_set`, and `self._test_set` to the specified length on the given side using `pad_dataset`.
6221	RMSProp optimizer updates parameters based on moving averages of squared gradients, incorporating momentum for smoother convergence.
6222	def report(self):
    """
    Prints elapsed time in minutes.
    """
    if not self.end_time:
        self.end()
    print("Time: {:.2f} mins".format((self.end_time - self.start_time) / 60))
6223	def run(self, data_x):
    """
    Compute model outputs and extract costs.
    """
6224	Upon each iteration, this method increments a counter and checks if it's a multiple of a specified frequency. If so, it collects data, runs a function on it, and aggregates the results. After averaging the aggregated values, it compares them to determine if a new best result has been achieved. If a new best is found, it reports the results and saves a checkpoint.
6225	Create inner loop variables using dummy tensors and map them to sequences, outputs, and non-sequences.
6226	Executes a scan step with dummy input variables, replacing them with actual variables if provided. Clones output nodes using a replacement map and returns a dictionary of NeuralVariable outputs.
6227	Momentum SGD optimization core:
- Initialize velocities for parameters as zero
- Calculate update for each parameter based on gradient, learning rate, and momentum
- Update parameter by adding velocity
- Return updates and list of velocities as free parameters
6228	Executes 'then_branch' when training flag is true and 'else_branch' otherwise.
6229	Skip N batches and epochs in training.
6230	Load parameters for training, resume progress if available.
6231	The train method runs a while loop to train the model, skipping epochs if needed, validating and testing at specified frequencies, and checking for NaN in the costs to rollback if necessary. It yields the costs after each epoch and updates the best parameters and runs a final test on validation and test sets if specified.
6232	Run a single training iteration, logging progress, calculating costs, and reporting if necessary.
6233	Run one valid iteration, update best cost and parameters if improvement is greater than a minimum threshold, save checkpoint if requested, report costs, and return a bool indicating if training should continue based on the patience criterion.
6234	Log the scores and record in the log, with options for type, epoch, and new best.
6235	Get dataset split by returning the appropriate set based on the input argument.
6236	Applies a function to tensors, adjusting the output dimension if specified.
6237	Logs accessed training parameters, marks undefined ones.
6238	An alias for deepy.tensor.var.
6239	Creates vars from a dataset for a specified split (default is "train"). Converts numpy tensors to appropriate types and constructs Theano tensors, setting test values accordingly.
6240	Define a shared theano scalar value from an integer or float input, with an optional name.
6241	Stacks encoding layers, must be done before decoding layers.
6242	Stack decoding layers and add them to the decoding layers list.
6243	lazy initialization of encoding_network; compute x using it
6244	Decodes input representation using a decoding network. Initializes network if not already done. Raises exception if rep_dim is not set.
6245	This function generates a 2D Gaussian kernel with a specified 1d dimension and standard deviation. It checks if the dimension is odd, initializes a kernel matrix, calculates the center, variance, and normalization coefficient, and then iterates to fill the kernel with Gaussian values. Finally, it normalizes the kernel by dividing by the sum of its elements.
6246	Registers a layer for training, updates parameters and monitors, and manages input and target variables.
6247	Iterates through each layer and its corresponding hidden output, calculates the mean of the absolute values, and appends the layer name and mean value to the training monitors list.
6248	Return all parameters by combining the parameters and free parameters lists.
6249	Set up variables; if self.input_tensor is an integer, convert it to a variable; otherwise, use the input_tensor directly; append the variable to input_variables, set _output and _test_output to the variable.
6250	The method compute processes input data and returns the network output, optionally mapping output keys.
6251	Save parameters to file using either a new thread or the current thread, and log the process.
6252	def load_params(self, path, exclude_free_params=False):
    """Load parameters from a file based on file type (gz, npz) and whether to exclude free parameters."""
    if not os.path.exists(path): return
    logging.info("loading parameters from %s" % path)
    params_to_load = self.parameters if exclude_free_params else self.all_parameters
    if path.endswith(".gz"):
        with gzip.open(path, 'rb') as handle:
            saved_params = pickle.load(handle)
            for target, source in zip(params_to_load, saved_params):
                logging.info('%s: setting value %s', target.name, source.shape)
                target.set_value(source)
    elif path.endswith(".npz"):
        arrs = np.load(path)
        for target, idx in zip(params_to_load, range(len(arrs.keys()))):
            source = arrs['arr_%d' % idx]
            logging.info('%s: setting value %s', target.name, source.shape)
            target.set_value(source)
    else:
        raise Exception("Unsupported file format. Use '.gz', '.npz', or '.uncompressed.gz'")
    self.train_logger.load(path)
6253	Prints network statistics including input variables, target variables, parameters, and parameter count using logging.
6254	Register parameters; increase count; store parameters.
6255	Register updates to be executed in each iteration, ensuring each update is added only once.
6256	Register updates for training phase, storing unique key-node pairs.
6257	Registers monitors as key-value pairs (name, Theano variable). Avoids CudaNdarray by multiplying by 1.0. Adds to training and testing monitors lists and updates registered monitors set.
6258	Compute the L2 norm of multiple tensors by flattening them, joining them, and then summing the squares before taking the square root.
6259	Writes a pickled element and a blank line to a file.
6260	load function reads from a file object, accumulates lines until a newline is encountered, joins them into a string, attempts to unpickle the string, and yields the result if successful.
6261	Loads parameters from a specified path to the block, except for free parameters if indicated.
6262	Creates OAuth 2.0 request elements based on the request type, credentials, and other parameters. Handles user authorization, access token, and refresh token requests, as well as protected resource requests.
6263	Decode state parameter and return value associated with specified param ('csrf' or 'user_state'), using URL-safe Base64 decoding and JSON parsing. If param is 'csrf' and state is falsy, return an empty string.
6264	Override method to fix Facebook's naming deviation, map expires to expires_in, set token_type to Bearer for 'bearer' tokens.
6265	Removes 'client_id' and 'client_secret' from request parameters in access token requests.
6266	Summary:
Handles login requests, processes them using Authomatic library, and renders a template with login results.
6267	Returns a new dictionary with single-item iterables replaced by their first element. Non-iterable or multi-item iterables remain unchanged.
6268	Converts list of tuples to dictionary with duplicate keys converted to lists.
6269	Parses input string as JSON, XML, or query string and returns corresponding Python object.
6270	Returns provider class based on input string or subclass.
6271	Generates an HTTP Set-Cookie header value, deleting the cookie if True.
6272	Adds session cookie to headers and raises error if cookie is too long.
6273	Extracts session data from cookie, deserializes if present, returns empty dict otherwise.
6274	Lazily retrieves and returns session data, ensuring it's a dictionary even if None.
6275	Create HMAC SHA1 signature for input parts with secret.
6276	Converts the value to a serialized string with a timestamp and signature using percent encoding.
6277	Checks if credentials are valid by comparing expiration time with current time. Returns ``False`` if expired, otherwise ``True``. Returns ``True`` if no expiration time is set.
6278	Checks if credentials expire sooner than a specified number of seconds from the current time.
6279	Converts credentials to a percent-encoded string for storage. Raises error if provider ID is None. Concatenates provider ID, provider type ID, and other provider-specific items as strings, separated by newlines, and percent-encodes the result.
6280	Returns True if the string contains only non-text characters, indicating it is binary data.
6281	Determines the response content. If not already set, reads it from the response. Decodes it from binary to UTF-8 if necessary. Returns the content.
6282	Creates OAuth1 request elements by configuring parameters, handling different request types, and generating a signature for protected resources.
6283	Fetch user info, add email if available.
6284	Decorator for Flask view functions, applying authentication logic before executing the view.
6285	```python
def login(self):
    """
    Launches or continues the OpenID authentication procedure.
    """
    if self.params.get(self.identifier_param):
        # Phase 1: Redirect user for authentication
        self._log(logging.INFO, 'Starting OpenID authentication.')
        url = users.create_login_url(dest_url=self.url, federated_identity=self.identifier)
        self._log(logging.INFO, f'Redirecting to {url}')
        self.redirect(url)
    else:
        # Phase 2: Authenticate after redirection
        self._log(logging.INFO, 'Continuing OpenID authentication post-redirect.')
        user = users.get_current_user()
        if user:
            self._log(logging.INFO, 'Authentication successful.')
            self._log(logging.INFO, 'Creating user.')
            self.user = core.User(self, id=user.federated_identity(), email=user.email(), gae_user=user)
        else:
            raise FailureError(f'Unable to authenticate "{self.identifier}"!')
```
6286	Generates a session key string by concatenating the settings prefix, instance name, and input key with colons.
6287	Saves a value to the session using a key.
6288	Generates a random, unguessable CSRF token using a hash of a random string and secret. Returns a portion of the hash shifted by a random value.
6289	Logs a message with a pre-formatted prefix using the specified logging level.
6290	Checks if a HTTP status code falls within a specified category based on its hundreds digit.
6291	Splits URL into base and params list.
6292	def cross_origin(app, *args, **kwargs):
    This decorator wraps a Sanic route with Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) settings. It allows you to specify allowed origins, methods, headers, and other security options.
6293	The `set_cors_headers` method updates a response object with CORS headers based on the provided options and request headers, ensuring that the headers are only added if CORS has not already been evaluated. It handles cases where the response or headers might be None, and uses a failsafe to log and return the response without modification if CORS has already been applied.
6294	Returns a dictionary of CORS specific configuration options from the given Flask app instance.
6295	def flexible_str(obj):
    """Converts obj to string, sorting lists and iterables."""
    
    if obj is None:
        return None
    elif not isinstance(obj, str) and isinstance(obj, collections.abc.Iterable):
        return ', '.join(str(item) for item in sorted(obj))
    else:
        return str(obj)
6296	Wraps scalars or strings as a list, or returns the iterable instance unchanged.
6297	Compares two values for closeness, using both relative and absolute tolerances.
6298	Decorator to mark functions as deprecated, issuing a warning upon call.
6299	Deserializes a bytestring into an AudioSegment object.
6300	def from_file(path):
    Extracts an AudioSegment object from a file by parsing its extension. Returns an AudioSegment instance.
6301	Converts a numpy array to an AudioSegment.
6302	Executes a platform-independent Sox command using input and output temporary files, formats the data, runs the command, and cleans up the temporary files.
6303	Removes silence from an audio segment using the 'sox' program based on specified duration and threshold parameters. Filters out samples below a percentage of the maximum amplitude for a continuous duration.
6304	Slices the audio segment into a specified duration or number of samples, then computes the FFT and returns the frequency bins and values. Handles start and end offsets in seconds or samples, and can zero-pad if necessary to avoid running off the end of the segment.
6305	Yields data in chunks of specified duration, optionally zero-pads the last chunk to match the frame duration.
6306	Defining normalize_spl_by_average: Method to normalize the AudioSegment's `spl` property to a given decibels (db). Using successive approximation to solve, adjusting the multiplication factor until desired Root Mean Square (RMS) is achieved. Raises ValueError if no samples in the AudioSegment.
6307	Creates a copy of the current AudioSegment, appends data from other AudioSegment objects, and returns the concatenated result without modifying the original.
6308	Resample AudioSegment to new characteristics, defaulting to current values. Uses 'sox' for resampling and has an option to print console output. Returns new resampled AudioSegment.
6309	Converts an object to a bytestring using pickle, serializing the `name` field and recursively serializing the `seg` field with the highest protocol.
6310	```
Does a series of FFTs on a slice of an audio segment to create a spectrogram, transforming it into the frequency domain across different time bins. Returns frequency values, time values, and amplitude values in dB.
```
6311	Selects the offset front ID with the most overlap with onset front IDs based on symmetric difference.
6312	Finds the offset front ID with the smallest sample index that occurs after a given onset sample index.
6313	Get the ID of the first offset front that occurs after a specified onset front. If no such front exists, return -1.
6314	Find the offset front most closely associated with a given onset front based on matching offsets. Returns the chosen offset front ID or -1 if no match.
6315	This method takes onset and offset fronts along with their IDs and returns the overlapping portions of the fronts.
6316	Updates a segmentation mask by segmenting between specified onset and offset fronts, ensuring that fronts narrower than 3 channels are removed. Returns the updated mask, along with updated onset and offset front matrices and a boolean indicating if the onset front was fully matched.
6317	Returns the ID of the front found in the given `front` array at the specified `(frequency index, sample index)`, or -1 if the ID is 0.
6318	Yields unique onset front IDs from a list of lists, one at a time.
6319	Fetches the closest offsets to given onsets within a specified onset-front.
6320	Removes overlapping points in 'fronts' with 'segmentation_mask'.
6321	Removes fronts in `fronts` that are shorter than `size` consecutive frequencies.
6322	Breaks poorly matched onset fronts in a signal by comparing signals between consecutive frequencies. If signals are not similar enough (based on correlation), the front is broken. Removes fronts shorter than 3 channels. Assigns new IDs to broken fronts.
6323	Merges adjacent segments in a binary mask by setting the values of overlapping pixels to the value of the adjacent segment.
6324	The `_separate_masks` function separates a segmentation mask into individual segments based on a threshold. It uses multiprocessing to process each segment in parallel.
6325	Downsamples one of the given 2D matrices (`mask` or `stft`) into the other's time dimension, ensuring equal time dimensions while keeping the frequency dimension unchanged. Adjusts indexes accordingly.
6326	def _asa_task(q, masks, stft, sample_width, frame_rate, nsamples_for_each_fft):
    """ Converts masks to binary, multiplies them with STFTs, and puts the resulting arrays into a queue. """
6327	Does a bandpass filter over the given data using the specified low and high cutoff frequencies, sample rate, and filter order, returning the filtered data.
6328	Applies a low-pass filter to the input data based on the specified cutoff frequency, sample rate, and filter order. Returns the filtered data.
6329	Separates the outcome feature from the data and creates a one-hot vector for each row.
6330	Expands categorical features into binary columns and standardizes continuous features in a dataset.
6331	Compares two lists for equality without considering the order of elements, even when elements are unhashable and unsortable.
6332	Groups audit files based on feature similarity, ranking them using a provided measurer function. Filters out features that do not deviate more than a specified similarity bound across repairs.
6333	Reads a confusion matrix file, skips the header, extracts repair levels and confmat strings, converts confmat strings to dictionaries, sorts by repair level, and returns a list of tuples.
6334	Separates the outcome feature from the data by creating a matrix without the outcome column and an array containing only the outcomes.
6335	Checks for alternative index-url in pip.conf files, prioritizing the PIP_INDEX_URL environment variable. If found, sets the API URL and prints the source.
6336	Detect and append 'requirements.txt' and 'requirements.pip' to filenames if valid. Recursively check 'requirements' directory for valid files.
6337	Resolve all streams on the network with an optional wait time, returning a list of StreamInfo objects.
6338	Resolves streams with matching property values, returning a list of StreamInfo objects.
6339	Resolves streams based on a given predicate, ensuring a minimum number of results are returned within a specified timeout.
6340	def handle_error(errcode):
    Translates error code to exception
6341	Push a sample into the outlet, converting string values to UTF-8 if necessary, and optionally push through to receivers.
6342	_pushes a list of samples into the outlet, handling different data types and ensuring the correct number of channels._
6343	Retrieve the complete information of a stream, including the extended description. Invoked at any time during the stream's lifecycle. Can throw a TimeoutError or LostError if the operation times out or the stream source is lost.
6344	Subscribe to a data stream with an optional timeout. Pulling samples implicitly opens the stream if not already done. Throws exceptions on timeout or stream loss.
6345	Retrieves an estimated time correction offset for a stream, with a timeout option and error handling. Returns the offset to adjust remote timestamps to the local clock domain.
6346	Get child element by name.
6347	Get next sibling with optional name.
6348	Get the previous sibling element. If a name is provided, return the previous sibling with that name.
6349	Set the element's name. Returns False if the node is empty.
6350	Sets the element's value using a library function and returns True if successful, False if the node is empty.
6351	Append a child element with the specified name.
6352	Prepend a child element with the specified name to the given XML element.
6353	Append a copy of the specified element as a child.
6354	```python
Prepend a copy of the specified element as a child.
```
6355	Remove a child element from the current element, either by passing an XMLElement object or the name of the child element as a string.
6356	def results(self): Get list of current network streams using StreamInfo objects.
6357	search for and display all tokens associated with a given token, sorted alphabetically, and include the total count
6358	Returns autocomplete results for a command by searching a database for matching edge n-grams and printing them in a formatted list.
6359	Computes edge ngrams of a token from a minimum length, excluding the token itself.
6360	Takes an iterator and a list of processors, applies each processor to the iterator in turn, and yields the result.
6361	Customized `imap_unordered` function for multiprocessing pool. Sends chunks directly to the function instead of iterating and sending one element at a time.
6362	Modifies a given word by generating its neighboring words through inversions, substitutions, insertions, and optionally removals, up to a maximum of one modification per word.
6363	def do_fuzzy(self, word):
    Preprocess the input word, compute fuzzy extensions, and print the result in a white color.
6364	Compute fuzzy extensions of a word that exist in an index, sort them by frequency, and print the results.
6365	Try to extract the bigger group of interlinked tokens from the helper object. This method should generally be used at the last step in the collectors chain. If the bucket is not dry, the method returns without doing anything. It iterates over the many-to-many relations extracted from the tokens and adds the related items to the bucket until the bucket overflows. If no relations are extrapolated, a debug message is printed.
6366	Display help message for a specific command or list all available commands with brief descriptions.
6367	Prints useful info from Redis DB, including keyspace misses, hits, memory usage, and total commands processed. Also displays the number of keys in each Redis database.
6368	Prints DB key's raw content and type.
6369	Compute a geohash from latitude and longitude. Transform input string to float, encode to geohash with specified precision, and print the result. Handle invalid input by printing an error message.
6370	### Method Summary:
- **Purpose:** Retrieves a document from an index using its ID and returns its fields, excluding a specific field.
- **Input:** Document ID (`_id`).
- **Process:**
  - Fetches the document from the index using `doc_by_id(_id)`.
  - If the document is not found, returns an error message.
  - Iterates through the document's fields, printing each except a specified field (`HOUSENUMBERS_FIELD`).
  - If 'housenumbers' are present, sorts them numerically and prints them.
- **Output:** Prints the document fields in a formatted manner, with highlighting for certain fields.
6371	Get index details for a document by its id. If the document is not found, return an error. For each field in the config, check if the key exists in the document and if so, print field index details.
6372	Return highest scoring document linked to a word.
6373	Split input string by '|', then print distance score between the two resulting strings.
6374	Sends the request and returns the response.
6375	Concurrently converts a list of Requests to Responses using specified parameters.
6376	Retrieves a range of bits from an array, constructs a new BitsVal instance, and returns it.
6377	Casts HArray signal or value to Bits type while ensuring size compatibility and converting elements accordingly.
6378	Converts Python slice to SLICE HDL type, handling both value and None cases for start and stop.
6379	def find_files(directory, pattern, recursive=True): Recursively finds files matching the given pattern in the specified directory.
6380	Checks if any item in "iterable" equals "sigOrVal"
6381	Generate a for loop for static items, iterating over each item with an index and executing a provided body function. If the body function returns a high acknowledgment signal, skip to the next iteration. If there's only one item, directly execute the body function without counter logic.
6382	Logical shift left function that shifts the bits of a signal to the left by a specified number of positions, padding with zeros on the right.
6383	Determines the number of bits required to store the value of x-1, returning 1 for x=0 or x=1, and using the ceiling of the base-2 logarithm for other values.
6384	Check if a number is a power of two by ensuring it is an integer and that it has only one bit set in its binary representation.
6385	Define and handle a case in a switch-like statement, ensuring uniqueness and updating internal state.
6386	增加默认分支，注册语句。
6387	Registers signals from interfaces or units, creating subscopes for each object. Recursively registers subinterfaces and subunits.
6388	This method initializes a VCD writer, sets the date and timescale, registers interfaces and remaining signals for synthesis, and then ends the VCD definitions.
6389	Logs changes for signals; ignores missing registrations.
6390	Serialize HWProcess instance by rendering method template with indented statements and checked name.
6391	Walks all interfaces on a unit. For each internal interface, initializes a simulation agent and collects monitor or driver processes based on interface direction. Returns a list of all collected processes.
6392	If associated clock is found, return it; otherwise, recursively search parent until found or root is reached.
6393	Remove duplicates from iterable based on key selector function.
6394	Groups items in a collection by a key extracted using a function. Yields tuples of keys and their corresponding groups. Does not require initial sorting.
6395	Recursively flatten nested iterables up to a specified level.
6396	Merge nested IfContainer from else branch to this IfContainer as elif and else branches
6397	Iterate through signals in the netlist. Remove signals with no endpoints. If a signal has drivers, recursively remove the drivers and their operands. Continue until no more signals can be removed.
6398	def checkIfIsTooSimple(proc):
    """Check if process consists of a single unconditional assignment,
    making merging unnecessary."""
6399	Try to merge procB into procA by checking compatibility, extending statements, outputs, inputs, and sensitivityList. Raises IncompatibleStructure if merging is not possible.
6400	Remove redundant processes while merging those with similar structure.
6401	Appends a tuple containing a WRITE operation, address, and data to the requests list.
6402	Converts a unit to RTL using a specified serializer, optionally saving it to a directory or returning the RTL as a string.
6403	Function to generate a name for a process and mark outputs as visible, returning the alphabetically smallest output name if available.
6404	Remove drivers from statements and return filtered statements and separated drivers.
6405	Creates a new signal or synchronized signal with given attributes, handling default values and synchronous resets.
6406	synthesize method builds Entity and Architecture instances from a netlist representation. It processes generics, interfaces, and signals, creates ports, removes unconnected signals, marks signal visibility, and populates the architecture with processes, variables, component instances, and components. It returns the synthesized Entity and Architecture objects.
6407	Recursive function to find the maximum _instId in a statement or its substatements.
6408	Get the maximum statement ID from a process's statements, used for sorting processes in architecture.
6409	Writes data to the interface using the simulation object.
6410	Checks if _interfaces attribute exists and is empty, then updates _direction based on the opposite of _masterDir. Returns self.
6411	Load declarations from _declr method, first for parent then children. Set attribute listener, call declr, reset listener. Process interfaces, set external flag. Make parameters read-only. Adjust directions for external units.
6412	Creates or retrieves signals for interfaces without subinterfaces. Generates a signal for the current interface if it doesn't already have one.
6413	Return the name of the bounded entity port if it exists, otherwise replace dots in the full name with a separator.
6414	Calculates the total bit length of all interfaces. If interfaces are not loaded, it clones the object, loads the declarations, and then calculates the bit length.
6415	get sensitivity type for operator
6416	Loads operands, processes them, and returns result.
6417	Converts a value or signal to a specified type (int or bool), handling different bit lengths and data types.
6418	Reinterpret a Bits object as an HStruct object by converting each field in the HStruct according to its data type and bit width.
6419	Count the number of complete words between two addresses, considering the word width.
6420	Groups transaction parts split by words into words based on their starting indices. Yields tuples of (word index, list of transaction parts) for each word.
6421	Pretty prints interface information, recursively handling nested interfaces and appending to a specified file.
6422	Converts a transaction template into FrameTmpls by iterating through words, adjusting frame boundaries and handling padding according to specified parameters.
6423	### walkWords(self, showPadding: bool=False):
Yields enumerated words in the frame. If showPadding is True, includes padding TransParts. Generates tuples of (wordIndex, list of TransParts in the word).
6424	Packs data into a list of BitsVal of specified dataWidth by iterating through words, mapping field values, and combining them into words with validity masks.
6425	Cleanses information about enclosure for outputs and sensitivity for statements.
6426	Discovering enclosure for a set of statements and outputs, returning signals that are always driven by the statements.
6427	Discover and record sensitivity for a list of signals, stopping if an event dependency is found. If no event dependency, extend context with all discovered sensitivities.
6428	Retrieves the RtlNetlist context from the first signal with a context in `_inputs` or `_outputs`, raises an error if none found.
6429	Update signal IO after reduction attempt. If the object was reduced, disconnect it from signals, update signal drivers/endpoints, and connect the result statements. If the object wasn't reduced but the IO changed, update its inputs/outputs.
6430	Updates inputs, outputs, and sensitivity after merging statements, handling cases where one of the statements is the top-level statement.
6431	The function `_is_mergable_statement_list` checks if two lists of statements, `stmsA` and `stmsB`, can be merged into one. It iterates through both lists, comparing each statement. If all statements can be merged, it returns `True`; otherwise, it returns `False`. If either list is empty, it checks if both are empty to return `True`.
6432	Merges a list of statements to remove duplicate if-then-else trees. Returns the merged list and the rank decrease due to merging.
6433	Merge two lists of statements, incorporating non-simple statements into a new list.
6434	Simplifies a list of statements by reducing each statement individually and then merging the reduced statements, returning the new list, any rank decrease, and whether there was an I/O change.
6435	After a parent statement becomes event dependent, this method propagates the event dependency flag to its child statements.
6436	Assign parent statement and propagate dependency flags if necessary. Updates endpoints and drivers accordingly if the statement was previously the top-level statement. Adjusts ranks of statements.
6437	Append statements to target container if they meet specified conditions.
6438	Disconnects the statement from signals, deletes it from the RtlNetlist context, and alters signal endpoints/drivers, making them unsuitable for iteration.
6439	Create and configure a register within a unit, handling default values, clock, and reset signals.
6440	Create signal in this unit. If dtype is HStruct, create container and recursively create signals for each field. Otherwise, create signal using context.
6441	Disconnect internal signals for ports and interfaces, then clean private interfaces.
6442	Yield simple values in HStruct or HArray, skip padding fields if specified.
6443	Unpacks data from a given format using a structure template. Handles iteration over input data, converting values to the correct field types and updating the structure accordingly.
6444	Converts the sign of a value based on the signed parameter. If signed is True, the value is treated as signed; if False, as unsigned; if None, the value remains unsigned with no sign specification.
6445	registers a process for sensitivity to various conditions or signals
6446	Evaluate conditions and return overall validity and condition result.
6447	Connects ports of simulation models by name, updating the direction based on the provided parameter.
6448	This method creates a value updater function for a simulation. It takes a `nextVal` and an `invalidate` flag as input, and returns a function that updates the value. The returned function compares the current value with the new value and returns a flag indicating if the value has changed and the updated value.
6449	Function to create an updater for array values in simulations. Takes the next item value, indexes, and a flag to invalidate. Returns a function that updates the array at the given index and returns whether the value has changed and the updated array.
6450	def vec(val, width, signed=None):  
    Creates an HDL vector value from a Python value.
6451	Guesses resource usage by analyzing statements in an HWProcess, registering RAM write ports, flip-flops, latches, and multiplexers based on dependencies and signal types in a ResourceContext.
6452	Converts parameter to its value by resolving nested parameters and handling different signal types.
6453	def set(self, val):
    /** Set the value of this parameter, asserting it is not read-only and not replaced. */

- Assert parameter is not read-only
- Assert parameter is not replaced
- Convert value to HVal
- Set default value
- Evaluate static value
- Set data type
6454	Generate a flattened register map for an HStruct from a sequence of interface map items.
6455	Finalize discovers memories, resolves port counts, updates resource dictionary, clears memories, and manages register counts.
6456	Determines if the signal is indexed and returns the signal being indexed and its index operand if it is.
6457	Delegate to the value class to construct the value of this type, passing the value, self, and an optional validation mask.
6458	Casts a signal or value to a compatible type if necessary, using an auto-casting function.
6459	Casts a value or signal to another type of the same size. Attempts auto_cast first; if that fails, retrieves and uses a reinterpret_cast function.
6460	Recursively walks through an interface, yields unencountered parameter instances.
6461	Connects a packed 1D vector signal to a structured interface, excluding specified sub-interfaces.
6462	Concatenates signals of a given direction, recursively, excluding specified signals/interfaces.
6463	Creates processes and signals to hardcode ROM values into a Verilog process, replacing original index operators with signals from these processes.
6464	def _toRtl(self, targetPlatform: DummyPlatform):
    """
    Synthesize unit with subunits and interfaces, build RTL representation.
    """
    assert not self._wasSynthetised()
    self._targetPlatform = targetPlatform
    if not hasattr(self, "_name"):
        self._name = self._getDefaultName()

    for proc in targetPlatform.beforeToRtl:
        proc(self)

    self._ctx.params = self._buildParams()
    self._externInterf = []

    # Prepare subunits
    for u in self._units:
        yield from u._toRtl(targetPlatform)
        u._signalsForMyEntity(self._ctx, "sig_" + u._name)

    # Prepare signals for interfaces
    for i in self._interfaces:
        signals = i._signalsForInterface(self._ctx)
        if i._isExtern:
            self._externInterf.extend(signals)

    for proc in targetPlatform.beforeToRtlImpl:
        proc(self)
    self._loadMyImplementations()
    yield from self._lazyLoaded

    if not self._externInterf:
        raise IntfLvlConfErr("Unit %s has no external interfaces, which is not allowed" %
6465	Register interface in implementation phase, set as private, load interface, and call signals for interface.
6466	Return sig and val reduced by & operator or None if static reduction is not possible.
6467	def tryReduceXor(sig, val):
    m = sig._dtype.all_mask()
    if val.vldMask:
        if val._isFullVld():
            v = val.val
            if v == m:
                return ~sig
            elif v == 0:
                return sig
        return val
6468	Create `NameScope`, set level, update with `cls._keywords_dict`, and return.
6469	Decide if an object should be serialized, considering its class and previously serialized units, and update the serialization context accordingly.
6470	Serialize HdlType instance by calling appropriate method based on its type.
6471	Serializes an IfContainer instance by recursively handling conditional statements and their branches.
6472	Check if condition is negated, return original condition and negation flag
6473	Constructs a SimBitsT object with caching based on width and signed parameters.
6474	Retrieve cache for given value, if not found generate and cache a new constant name.
6475	Cut off driver statements for the specified signal
6476	Parse HArray type and calculate end address
6477	Parse HStruct type fields into this transaction template instance, updating bit address accordingly
6478	Parse an HDL type into the transaction template instance, updating the bit address and tracking if children are choices.
6479	Returns the width of an item in the original array for transactions derived from HArray, calculated by dividing the bit difference by the item count.
6480	walker method flatten traversal of a template hierarchy yielding fields to be processed
6481	Convert negative integer to positive integer with the same bit pattern.
6482	Merges another "IfContainer" object into this one, combining cases and defaults using a merge function.
6483	Returns a cached string of a given number of spaces for indentation.
6484	Checks if `obj` has an existing property `propName` and raises an error if it does, displaying current and new property values.
6485	Register a parameter object on the interface level, check name availability, set name if not provided, register scope, and add to parameters list.
6486	Updates parameters on self from otherObj using an updater function, excluding specified parameters and adding a prefix to parameter names before matching.
6487	Registers a unit object with a name and parent reference, ensuring it's not already registered and updating its parent and name.
6488	Register interface object with name on interface level object, set parent, name, context, and add to appropriate list based on privacy.
6489	Register array of items on interface level object. Set parent and name attributes. Create properties for each item.
6490	Checks if there is exactly one driver and returns it; raises an exception if zero or multiple drivers are present.
6491	Recursively evaluates operands and updates result based on evaluation function.
6492	Define an operator with a result signal, set data type, and add outputs.
6493	Create copy of context, increase indent by 1
6494	Try to connect src to an interface on unit with a given name, ignore if the interface is not present or already has a driver.
6495	Propagate "clk" clock signal to all subcomponents
6496	Propagate "clk" clock and negative reset "rst_n" signal to all subcomponents through `_tryConnect` function.
6497	Propagate "clk" and reset "rst" signal to all subcomponents. Connect "clk" to subcomponents' "clk" input. Connect "~rst" to subcomponents' "rst_n" input. Connect "rst" to subcomponents' "rst" input.
6498	```
Propagate the negative reset signal rst_n to all subcomponents.
```
6499	Propagate reset signal "rst" to all subcomponents by inverting "rst" and connecting it to "rst_n" on subcomponents, while directly connecting "rst" on subcomponents.
6500	Yield bits from a signal or value, broken into parts of a specified size, while optionally skipping padding and ensuring complete iteration.
6501	Do not serialize obj; return False and the original priv unchanged.
6502	Decide to serialize only the first object of its class.
6503	Decide to serialize only objects with unique parameters and class. Check if current object's parameters have been seen before. If not, store the current object and return True. If yes, prepare the entity and return False.
6504	Recursive function repeatedly accesses parent objects, appending names with dots until reaching a non-parent object, then returns the concatenated name hierarchy.
6505	Delegates _make_association method to each item in the object, passing any arguments along.
6506	Create simulation model, connect it with unit interfaces, decorate with agents, and return fully loaded unit, simulation model, and simulation processes.
6507	def toSimModel(unit, targetPlatform=DummyPlatform(), dumpModelIn=None):
    """Create simulation model for unit """
    sim_code = toRtl(unit, targetPlatform, dumpModelIn, SimModelSerializer)
    if dumpModelIn:
        add_to_sys_path(dumpModelIn)
        reload_module(unit)
    else:
        simModule = ModuleType('simModule')
        exec(sim_code, simModule.__dict__)
    return simModule.__dict__[unit._name]
6508	Reconnects signals from a simulation model to a unit interface, using the unit's original interfaces for communication.
6509	simulates circuit unit using VCD format, handles file output, and supports time limiting
6510	Registers write callbacks for signal inside onTWriteCallback method with enable check.
6511	Connects a signal to a port item based on its direction, ensuring no conflicts with existing connections and updating the signal's state accordingly.
6512	### Summary:

Connects an internal signal to port item, ensuring directionality and uniqueness of connections.
6513	def connectInternSig(self):
    """
    Connect signal from internal side of this component to this port.
    """
    if self.direction == DIRECTION.OUT:
        self.src.endpoints.append(self)
    elif self.direction == DIRECTION.IN or self.direction == DIRECTION.INOUT:
        self.dst.drivers.append(self)
    else:
        raise NotImplementedError(self.direction)
6514	Return the signal from the source or destination based on the direction.
6515	Checks if a signal is sensitive to a particular process in HDL.
6516	Schedule process at current time with specified priority
6517	Add HDL process to execution queue based on trigger and scheduling.
6518	Schedule combUpdateDoneEv event to signal agents that the current delta step is ending and values from combinational logic are stable.
6519	Schedules the application of stashed values to signals and queued processes with specific priorities.
6520	def _conflictResolveStrategy(self, newValue: set) -> Tuple[Callable[[Value], bool], bool]:
    Determines the appropriate conflict resolution strategy based on the length of newValue. 
    For length 3, returns a tuple containing an array update function and a boolean indicating if the signal is event-dependent. 
    For other lengths, returns a tuple containing a simple update function and a boolean indicating if the signal is event-dependent.
6521	Processes are executed, outputs are collected, and signals are updated using a conflict resolution strategy.
6522	Method updates related processes, running them in sequence, handling their outputs, and resolving conflicts before yielding.
6523	Performs a delta step by writing stacked values to signals. Logs if values are to be logged. Applies values to signals, handling overwrites and ensuring proper process sequencing. Runs comb processes and schedules further value application if needed.
6524	Reads a value from a signal or interface, handling potential attribute errors by accessing the nested signal's value, and returns a clone of the value.
6525	Write a value to a signal or interface, handling type casting and scheduling updates if necessary.
6526	Adds a process to events with normal priority at the current time.
6527	Run simulation for Unit instance, initialize signals, add extra processes, and execute until specified time.
6528	```python
def _mkOp(fn):
    """
    Creates a variadic operator function for a given binary operation.
    :param fn: Function to perform the binary operation
    """
    def op(*operands, key=None) -> RtlSignalBase:
        """
        Apply a binary operation to a sequence of operands, using an optional key function.
        :param operands: Variable number of input operands
        :param key: Optional function to apply to each operand before processing
        """
        assert operands, "No operands provided"
        top = None
        if key is not None:
            operands = map(key, operands)
        for s in operands:
            top = s if top is None else fn(top, s)
        return top

    return op
```
6529	Convert ternary operators to IfContainers in given statements.
6530	Serializes HWProcess objects as VHDL by converting statements and handling sensitivity lists.
6531	Compute the Hamming distance between two strings by counting the positions at which the corresponding symbols are different.
6532	Compute the average hash of an image by resizing it, converting it to black & white, calculating the average pixel value, and then creating a binary hash string based on whether each pixel is above or below the average.
6533	Compute the Hamming distance between two images by averaging their pixel values and then comparing the resulting hashes.
6534	Set up Vizio media player platform by configuring host, token, name, volume step, and device type. Validate device setup and handle errors if necessary. Optionally disable InsecureRequestWarning.
6535	Retrieve the latest state of the device, update the internal state, volume level, current input, and available inputs accordingly if the device is on; otherwise, set the state to off and reset other properties to None.
6536	Mute the device's volume based on the mute boolean value.
6537	Increasing the volume by a step size, clamped by the maximum volume.
6538	Decreases the device volume by a step, clamping it between 0 and max volume.
6539	Sets the volume level, adjusting up or down based on the difference from the current volume.
6540	```python
def reset(self):
    '''Resets the chess board to the starting position.'''

    self.piece_bb = ...  # Initialize piece bitboard

    self.pieces_in_hand = [collections.Counter(), collections.Counter()]  # Initialize piece counters

    self.occupied = Occupied(BB_RANK_G | BB_H2 | BB_H8 | BB_RANK_I, BB_RANK_A | BB_B2 | BB_B8 | BB_RANK_C)  # Initialize occupied squares

    self.king_squares = [I5, A5]  # Initialize king squares

    self.pieces = [NONE for i in SQUARES]  # Initialize piece array

    for i in SQUARES:
        mask = BB_SQUARES[i]
        for piece_type in PIECE_TYPES:
            if mask & self.piece_bb[piece_type]:
                self.pieces[i] = piece_type  # Populate piece array

    self.turn = BLACK  # Set turn to black

    self.move_number = 1  # Initialize move number

    self.captured_piece_stack = collections.deque()  # Initialize captured pieces stack

    self.move_stack = collections.deque()  # Initialize move stack

    self.incremental_zobrist_hash =
6541	Method `piece_at` retrieves the piece at a specified square. It uses a mask to identify the square and determines the piece's color by checking against the occupied bits for white. It then fetches the piece type and returns a `Piece` object if a piece is present.
6542	Removes a piece from a given square and optionally places it in the player's hand. Updates board state and Zobrist hash.
6543	This method sets a piece at a given square on a chessboard. If moving from hand, it removes the piece from the hand. It then removes an existing piece at the square. The new piece is placed at the square, and various bitboard and king position updates are performed. Finally, it updates an incremental z-score hash for transposition table purposes.
6544	Checks if a move leaves the king in check or if it puts it into check by dropping a pawn.
6545	Checks if the current player's king is under attack.
6546	Checks if the game is over by verifying checkmate or stalemate, or if the game has reached fourfold repetition.
6547	Checks if the current position is a checkmate by verifying if the opponent has no legal moves after being put in check.
6548	a game ends if the same position repeats four times on consecutive alternating moves
6549	Restores the previous position and returns the last move from the stack, updating the transposition table, decrementing the move number, restoring the state including board pieces, captured pieces, and turn.
6550	Converts the current chess position to its SFEN (Standard Forsyth–Edwards Notation) representation.
6551	Parses a USI move, makes it, and pushes it onto the move stack. Raises ValueError if illegal. Returns the move.
6552	计算并返回棋盘的Zobrist哈希值。
6553	Retrieves the symbolic representation of a chess piece, converting to uppercase if it is black.
6554	Creates a piece instance from a symbol, converting lowercase to uppercase before lookup, raising `ValueError` for invalid symbols.
6555	Return an USI string for a move, converting the move's squares and adding a promotion symbol if applicable. Return '0000' if the move is None.
6556	Parses a USI string and converts it into an object of the specified class. Handles different USI formats and raises an error if the string is invalid.
6557	Parse a string of commits into dictionaries, yield each one.
6558	Parse a single commit, process named groups, and return a dictionary with parsed details including parents, author, committer, message, and changes.
6559	Modifies Django's command parser to accept a configuration file argument, loads the specified config, and yields the remaining command-line arguments.
6560	Load config then run Django's execute_from_command_line.
6561	Adds argument for config to existing argparser with help text explaining config file options.
6562	Attempts to find a configuration file based on a provided filename or environment variable. If found, loads the config; otherwise, uses environment variables. Sets values accordingly.
6563	This method generates a YAML representation of the initial configuration of a class. It first serializes the initial config to a YAML string, then reads it back into a dictionary to manipulate comments. If the class has a docstring, it sets it as a start comment. For each key in the dictionary, if the value has help text, it adds the help text as a comment before the key. Finally, it serializes the modified dictionary back to a YAML string and returns it.
6564	Generates markdown documentation for a class's values, including optional required status, help text, type, and default value.
6565	tries to convert a string to a type specified by `cast_as`, using a method named `cast_as_<cast_as_value>` if it exists, otherwise uses `cast_as` directly. If no matching method exists, it raises an AttributeError.
6566	Generates a list of all dates between two provided dates, inclusive.
6567	def parse_date(s):
    Attempts to parse date string in format %Y-%m-%d. Returns date object, or falls back to %d %B %Y format if initial fails.
6568	Reads content from a file or URL. If the file is a zip, extracts lines from it; otherwise, splits the content into lines.
6569	Fill missing rates for a currency with the closest available ones, setting them to None. If verbose, print the currency, number of missing rates, date range, and number of days affected.
6570	Fill missing currency rates using linear interpolation of the closest available rates.
6571	Get a currency rate for a specified date, handling fallbacks and errors.
6572	Converts an amount from one currency to another using specified or the most recent exchange rate. Raises an error if an unsupported currency is provided.
6573	Groups elements from the iterable into tuples of size n, filling the last tuple with fillvalue if necessary.
6574	Animate given frames with specified interval, name, and optional iterations.
6575	Reads and returns record `n` as 1,024 bytes from the file, with records indexed from 1.
6576	Write data to file at specific record number, offset by a constant K.
6577	Returns a memory-map of elements from start to end, handling file operations and memory alignment.
6578	Reads records from a file, extracts text from them, decodes it as ASCII, replaces null characters with newlines, and returns the text. Raises errors if the EOT byte is missing or if the text is not ASCII.
6579	Adds a new array to the DAF file, updates summary and index records, and writes the array data to the file.
6580	This method closes the SPK file by closing the underlying file handle, freeing references to data in segments, and setting arrays and maps to None.
6581	Compute component values for time tdb plus tdb2, returning the first position.
6582	Close the file and remove the `_data` attribute from segments.
6583	Load coefficients into memory using a NumPy array.
6584	Generates angles and derivatives for time `tdb` plus `tdb2`. If `derivative` is true, returns both angle and its derivative; otherwise returns angles.
6585	def visit_Call(self, node):
    # Visit a function call.
    # Check if within a logging statement.
    if self.within_logging_statement():
        # Check if within a logging argument and is a format call.
        if self.within_logging_argument() and self.is_format_call(node):
            self.violations.append((node, STRING_FORMAT_VIOLATION))
            super().generic_visit(node)
            return

    # Detect the logging level.
    logging_level = self.detect_logging_level(node)

    # Handle cases for logging level and other statements.
    if logging_level:
        if not self.current_logging_level:
            self.current_logging_level = logging_level
        if logging_level == "warn":
            self.violations.append((node, WARN_VIOLATION))
        self.check_exc_info(node)

        # Iterate through child nodes.
        for index, child in enumerate(iter_child_nodes(node)):
            if index == 1:
                self.current_logging_argument = child
            if index >= 1:
                self.check_exception_arg(child)
            if index > 1 and child.arg == "extra":
                self.current_extra_keyword = child

            super().visit(child)

            self.current_logging_argument = None
            self.current_extra_keyword = None
6586	- Checks if within logging statement and argument
- Handles percent format and string concat violations
- Calls superclass method for further processing
6587	```python
def visit_Dict(self, node):
"""Process dict arguments."""
if self.should_check_whitelist(node):
    for key in node.keys:
        if key.s not in self.whitelist and not key.s.startswith("debug_"):
            self.violations.append((self.current_logging_call, WHITELIST_VIOLATION.format(key.s)))

if self.should_check_extra_exception(node):
    for value in node.values:
        self.check_exception_arg(value)

super(LoggingVisitor, self).generic_visit(node)
```
6588	Checks if the current node is an f-string and if it contains formatted values, appending a violation if within a logging argument.
6589	def visit_keyword(node): Process keyword arguments. Check whitelist and append violation if not allowed. Check extra exception and its argument. Call superclass method to visit node.
6590	Process except blocks, get name, and log it.
6591	Decides if an AST Call is a logging call by checking the function name against a list of logging levels, ignoring calls to "warnings".
6592	Helper function to extract the exception name from an ExceptHandler node, compatible with Python 2 and 3. Returns None if no name is found, or the name itself if it exists.
6593	Check if value has id attribute, if not and has value attribute, use its value; then return value.id
6594	Checks if a node is a bare exception name in an except block by verifying it's a Name node with an id in the current_except_names set.
6595	Checks if 'exc_info' keyword is used with 'logging.error' or 'logging.exception', reports violation based on the logging level.
6596	Delete file from database only if needed when editing and the file is changed. Call before saving the instance.
6597	Edit the download-link inner text by modifying the `get_template_substitution_values` and `get_context` methods in a Django widget class.
6598	Calls render_pdf_from_template with resolved template and context data.
6599	Returns a PDF response with a template rendered with the given context. Handles filename and cmd_options, falls back to superclass if response_class is not PDFTemplateResponse.
6600	Function encodes a unicode string to ASCII, handles non-ASCII characters with unidecode if available, and wraps the result in double quotes for http header compatibility.
6601	Sets default values for `class Meta` declarations either from a module or explicit keyword arguments, excluding thread safety.
6602	Converts CamelCase string to under_score using regex substitutions.
6603	Builds indices from the model's Meta class indices tuple and ensures they are created in the database collection at import time.
6604	Load CSV file and parse each line into PriceModel objects, setting the currency.
6605	Reads lines from a file at the given path and returns them as a list of strings.
6606	Parse a CSV line and convert it into a PriceModel object, extracting the symbol, value, and date.
6607	Load symbol maps if not already loaded, then translate incoming symbol using the maps or return the symbol unchanged.
6608	Loads all symbol maps from the database and stores them in a dictionary with in_symbol as the key.
6609	Creates or returns an existing database session
6610	Adds a price to the database for a given symbol, date, value, and currency.
6611	- Reads prices from a CSV file.
- Converts currency to uppercase.
- Imports prices using `PriceDbApplication`.
6612	The `last` function displays the latest stock price for a given symbol or all available prices if no symbol is provided. If a symbol is given, it converts it to uppercase and extracts the namespace to fetch and print the latest price. If no symbol is provided, it retrieves and prints the latest prices for all securities.
6613	Display all prices from the database for a given date, currency, or the most recent prices, and print the count.
6614	```python
def download(ctx, help, symbol, namespace, agent, currency):
    """Download the latest prices"""
    if help:
        click.echo(ctx.get_help())
        ctx.exit()

    app = PriceDbApplication()
    app.logger = logger

    if currency:
        currency = currency.strip().upper()

    app.download_prices(currency=currency, agent=agent, symbol=symbol, namespace=namespace)
```
6615	Deletes old prices, keeping only the last for a specified symbol or all symbols.
6616	Retrieves the default session by reading the price database path from the config file and returning the session using that path. Raises an error if the path is not set.
6617	```plaintext
Adds a map of symbols to the database and commits the change.
```
6618	Displays all symbol maps by querying the database and printing each item.
6619	Finds the first SymbolMap with the given in-symbol.
6620	Reads text lines from a file using a specified path
6621	Maps a Price entity to a PriceModel, handling date and time with format strings, and calculating the value by dividing the entity's value by its denomination.
6622	Converts a PriceModel to a Price entity, formatting the date, time, symbol, value, and currency.
6623	Reads a configuration file from the specified path, checking if it exists and is a file before reading it into the config object.
6624	gets default config path from resources
6625	Moves the config template file to the user's directory, raises an error if the file is not found.
6626	Gets the path to the active config file in the user's profile folder
6627	Reads the current configuration and returns its contents as a string.
6628	Sets a value in the configuration for a given option.
6629	Retrieves a config value by name from the specified section.
6630	Save configuration file by writing contents to a file path.
6631	Splits symbol into namespace and mnemonic tuple, handling cases with and without namespace.
6632	Creates a new price record by mapping a PriceModel to an entity and adding it. Raises ValueError if the input is null.
6633	Adds or updates a price entity in the database. Checks if a price with the same namespace, symbol, date, and time already exists. If it does, updates the value and denom if necessary, ensuring the currency remains the same. If it doesn't exist, inserts a new price entity. Logs the action performed.
6634	Download price from online source and save it.
6635	Returns current db session, initializing it if not already set.
6636	Retrieves all prices for a given date and currency from the database, sorts them by symbol, and maps the entities to PriceModel objects.
6637	Retrieves the latest price on a given date for a specific symbol and namespace by querying a repository and ordering the results by time in descending order.
6638	Prune historical prices for all symbols, keeping only the latest. Returns the count of removed items.
6639	Delete all but the latest price for a given symbol, returning the count of deleted items.
6640	Downloads and parses stock price for a given symbol and currency using a specified agent. Raises errors if no response or invalid price is received. Logs download attempt and adds valid price data.
6641	"Retrieves securities based on given filters, sorting by namespace and symbol."
6642	Call state_partial with the function and args/kwargs from the bound_args dictionary, excluding the first arg.
6643	Iterate over child nodes, replace their arguments with partials, and mark as updated.
6644	Yield self and recursively yield depths-first from all child nodes.
6645	Decorator function `multi_dec` removes nodes associated with the "root" parent from the original test functions.
6646	Function `has_equal_part_len` checks if the length of a student's code part matches the solution's part. It returns the state if lengths are equal, else it reports an error with a custom message. Please note that the `state` parameter is automatically passed to the SCT function.
6647	Checks if the abstract syntax trees (ASTs) of student and solution code match. Optionally allows specifying custom code and checking for exact or partial AST equality.
6648	Tests student code for a specific pattern or text, providing feedback if not found.
6649	### has\_import method checks if a package or function is correctly imported according to the provided parameters. It allows for different ways of aliasing the imported package or function unless `same_as` is set to True. It raises an error if the package is not found in the solution code. If the package is found, it checks whether the alias used in the student's code matches the alias in the solution code if `same_as` is True. The method takes in the state, name, same\_as flag, and two optional error messages. It returns the state after performing the checks.
6650	```python
def has_output(state, text, pattern=True, no_output_msg=None):
    """Checks if student output contains the given text or pattern."""

    if not no_output_msg:
        no_output_msg = "You did not output the correct things."

    _msg = state.build_message(no_output_msg)
    state.do_test(StringContainsTest(state.raw_student_output, text, pattern, _msg))

    return state
```
6651	Checks if a specific print statement output exists in student code.
6652	Checks if the student's code did not generate a runtime error. If an error is found, it reports the error with an optional custom message.
6653	Test multiple choice exercise. Check if the student's selected option matches the correct answer and provide corresponding feedback. Raises errors if inputs are invalid.
6654	Check whether a particular function is called and optionally verify its arguments and return value.
6655	def getResultFromProcess(res, tempname, process):
    """Check if res is not an error or undefined, then get value from process; otherwise, return res and error message as a tuple"""
6656	Override student solution code with custom code.
6657	_Checks if an object is an instance of a specified class and verifies it in the SCT chain._
6658	def defined_items(self): Returns a copy of the instance, excluding entries where the value is EMPTY.
6659	Dive into nested tree, setting current state as a state with a subtree. Handles append message, kwargs, and updates contexts and environments accordingly.
6660	def _getx(self, Parser, ext_attr, tree):
    "Getter for Parser outputs, using caching and setting mappings if needed"
    cache_key = Parser.__name__ + str(hash(tree))
    if self._parser_cache.get(cache_key):
        p = self._parser_cache[cache_key]
    else:
        p = Parser()
        if ext_attr != "mappings" and Parser in [FunctionParser, ObjectAccessParser]:
            p.mappings = self.context_mappings.copy()
        p.visit(tree)
        self._parser_cache[cache_key] = p
    return getattr(p, ext_attr)
6661	Check if a loop has specific context by testing its target variables.
6662	Lists context managers and checks each one using _has_context.
6663	def check_part(state, name, part_msg, missing_msg, expand_msg):
    """Return child state with name part as its ast tree"""
    
    if missing_msg is None:
        missing_msg = "Are you sure you defined the {{part}}? "
    if expand_msg is None:
        expand_msg = "Did you correctly specify the {{part}}? "

    if not part_msg:
        part_msg = name
        
    append_message = {"msg": expand_msg, "kwargs": {"part": part_msg}}
    
    has_part(state, name, missing_msg, append_message["kwargs"])
    
    stu_part = state.student_parts[name]
    sol_part = state.solution_parts[name]
    
    assert_ast(state, sol_part, append_message["kwargs"])
    
    return part_to_child(stu_part, sol_part, append_message, state)
6664	Defines a function to check and return a child state from a part of the state based on a given index. Handles integer, string, and list indices. Provides error messages for missing or expanded parts. Asserts the correctness of the part's AST.
6665	Checks whether a function argument is specified. If not specified, it provides a default missing feedback message. Can be used in an SCT chain to check if an argument was specified by its name or position. Also works with multiple positional or keyword arguments.
6666	```
check_call: Prepares state for checking a function call, replacing call string with target function/lambda. Handles argument string and expand message overrides. Asserts function definitions or lambda functions. Constructs call parts and appends message.
```
6667	Returns the true anomaly at each time based on orbital parameters.
6668	Initializes a Flask app with an LDAP3LoginManager, registering a teardown function and attaching the manager to the app.
6669	Sets up LDAP configuration using a dictionary, populating default values for various settings related to LDAP connections.
6670	Adds a server to the server pool with specified details and returns the server object. Raises an error if SSL is not used but a TLS context is provided.
6671	Remove a connection from the appcontext if it exists.
6672	```
if ctx is not None:
    for connection in getattr(ctx, 'ldap3_manager_connections', []):
        self.destroy_connection(connection)
    unbind_and_clear(getattr(ctx, 'ldap3_manager_main_connection', None), log)
```
6673	Authentication method decides between direct bind, direct bind if RDN matches login, or search bind based on config settings.
6674	Performs direct LDAP authentication by constructing a DN, binding with provided credentials, and retrieving user info. Handles successful authentication, failed authentication due to invalid credentials, and exceptions, returning an AuthenticationResponse object.
6675	```
Performs a search bind to authenticate a user by finding the user in the LDAP directory and attempting to bind with their credentials. Handles multiple entries and invalid credentials scenarios.
```
6676	Gets list of groups a user is a member of
6677	Retrieves user information from LDAP using a distinguished name. Optionally accepts a connection object. Returns a dictionary of user attributes.
6678	Gets user info from LDAP by username. Uses a specified connection or creates a temporary one. Returns user info as a dictionary.
6679	Fetches an LDAP object using a DN, filter, and attributes. Manages connections temporarily if not provided. Returns the object's attributes as a dictionary.
6680	Retrieve an authenticated LDAP connection managed by the Flask app context, handling binding and contextualization.
6681	Make an LDAP connection, optionally binding with a user and password. Additional keyword arguments can be passed. Returns an unbound LDAP connection, requiring exception handling upon bind for external use.
6682	Makes an LDAP connection with optional bind user and password. Determines authentication type. Optionally adds connection to app context. Returns unboundldap3.Connection object.
6683	Destroys a connection by removing it from the appcontext and unbinding it.
6684	```python
Searches for images in an S3 endpoint based on a query string. Returns all collections if no query is provided.
```
6685	The method `label_search` is used to search for labels based on a key and/or value. It constructs a URL to make a GET request to a server, handles different cases based on whether key and value are provided, and then processes the response to display the labels found.
6686	def search(self, query=None, args=None):
    '''Query a GitLab artifacts folder for images, or list collections if none provided.'''
    if query is None:
        return self.exit('Must include collection query <collection>/<repo>')
    return self._search_all(query)
6687	def search_all(self, collection, job_id=None):
    Retrieves successful jobs with zip artifacts in a given collection. Generates URLs for browsing these artifacts and displays them in a table. If no artifacts are found, inform the user and exit.
6688	```python
def speak(self):
    if not self.quiet:
        bot.info(f'[client|{self.client_name}] [database|{self.database}]')
        self._speak()
```
6689	The `announce` method checks if a command is not "get" and if the instance's `quiet` attribute is `False`, then it calls the `speak` method.
6690	Checks for an environment variable containing Google Drive credentials. If not found, logs an error message and exits. Updates a base path setting or defaults to 'sregistry' if not provided.
6691	Reset headers flag if headers already exist; reset headers if the flag is set; update headers with provided fields; log updated header names.
6692	def require_secrets(self, params=None):
    Checks if the client has the required secrets file and parameters. If params is None, only checks for the file. Exits with an error if the client lacks the specified secrets or parameters.
6693	Download a file from a URL to a temporary location, verify SSL certificates unless disabled, move to the final destination, and return the file name.
6694	Streaming data from a URL to a file using HTTP GET, with optional SSL verification and handling 401/403 errors by updating the token. Tracks progress with a progress bar and handles successful downloads by writing chunks to a file.
6695	Update token using HTTP basic authentication from AWS ECR credentials, update given headers with the new token, and return the updated headers.
6696	Checks if a folder exists by name and returns it; creates folder if it doesn't already exist.
6697	Try to extract a message from the response using the specified field; if not found, use the response reason as a fallback.
6698	Takes bucket name and client, checks if bucket exists, creates if not, and returns the bucket.
6699	Update client secrets and API base from a credential file or environment variable.
6700	Initialize clients, obtain transfer and access tokens, create transfer client.
6701	Loads cached Globus OAuthTokenResponse credentials for authentication and transfer.
6702	Returns logs for a specific container by name or the most recent log if no name is provided. Searches for matches in container names and metadata, then prints the corresponding log file content.
6703	The method `list_logs` retrieves a list of files from a bucket that end with the `.log` extension. It iterates through the blobs in the bucket, checks if the name ends with `.log`, and appends matching blobs to the results list. If no such files are found, it logs a message indicating that no containers were found.
6704	Create an endpoint folder; catch error if it already exists.
6705	Initialize a transfer client for the user. Perform token update if needed. Create and set a refresh token authorizer.
6706	Searches for all objects with custom property type set to "container" and returns their IDs and URIs to the user.
6707	The function prints the status of backends, listing the number of clients found in the client secrets and indicating whether an active client is present.
6708	Adds a variable to a configuration, with optional force to override existing values.
6709	Remove a variable from the config if found, ensuring it follows the correct naming convention and updating the settings accordingly.
6710	def activate(backend):
    '''Add a backend to the .sregistry configuration file and print its name.'''
6711	Delete a backend from settings and update secrets file. If backend is active client, also remove active client. Print confirmation or error message.
6712	detects image registry, updates base if necessary, removes registry from image name
6713	Generate a base64 encoded Authorization header using the provided username and password.
6714	Generate a signature for a request using a payload and client secret by encoding both, then hashing with HMAC and SHA-256.
6715	Generate a signature for authorization by combining payload, secret, timestamp, and request type, then return it in a specific format.
6716	Sends a DELETE request to the specified URL and returns the response as JSON or raw data, depending on the `return_json` parameter. If `default_headers` is True, the default headers will be used.
6717	HTTP HEAD request to retrieve resource information without body.
6718	This method, `paginate_get`, is a wrapper for a GET request that handles pagination. It takes a URL, optional headers, a boolean to return the result as JSON, and an optional starting page. It constructs the URL with a page parameter, initializes an empty list for results, and enters a loop to fetch data. If the response includes pagination info, it updates the URL for the next page and continues fetching until no more pages are available. Finally, it returns the accumulated results.
6719	Checks if SSL certificate verification is disabled; if so, logs a warning and returns False to prevent production usage; otherwise, returns True.
6720	The function `remove` deletes an image from a Singularity Registry. It constructs a URL based on the image URI, checks for user confirmation (unless `force` is True), and sends a delete request. errors.
6721	This function retrieves a version lookup dictionary from a version file without importing the `singularity` module.
6722	def get_reqs(lookup=None, key='INSTALL_REQUIRES'):
    Fetches dependency requirements from a lookup dictionary. If no lookup is provided, it calls get_lookup(). Iterates over the specified key to construct a list of dependency strings, handling exact versions and minimum versions accordingly.
6723	This function determines the Singularity version by first checking an environment variable. If not found, it tries to execute the 'singularity --version' command to get the version. If both methods fail, it returns None.
6724	def check_install(software=None, quiet=True):
    '''Check if software (default 'singularity') is installed by running its --version command. Return True if installed, False otherwise. Quiet mode suppresses informational messages.'''
6725	get_installdir returns the absolute path of the application's installation directory.
6726	Return the robot.png thumbnail from the database folder. If a different image has been exported by the user, use that instead.
6727	```python
run_command runs a command in the terminal. If sudo is True, it prefixes the command with sudo. It captures the stdout and stderr, returning them as a dictionary with the message and return code.
```
6728	Wraps Dropbox get_metadata, parses FileMetadata, and passes parsed data to primary get_metadata.
6729	Retrieves a Dropbox token from the environment, creates a client, and verifies the account's validity. exits if the token is not found or the account is invalid.
6730	Writes response output to console and optionally to a file.
6731	The kill function calls the "kill" function of the client to bring down an instance based on the command-line arguments provided.
6732	The list_logs function lists logs for a specific container or the latest log if no container name is provided. It uses an argparse object to get the container name and then calls the Client's logs method to retrieve and display the logs.
6733	Retrieves a list of collections accessible by the user by iterating through the account's containers and appending their names to a list.
6734	Updates secrets by retrieving Swift authentication type from environment, setting up connection based on auth type, and caching connection.
6735	Sets environment variable to retrieve application secrets; exits if not found.
6736	def get_client(image=None, quiet=False, **kwargs):
    Retrieves the appropriate client based on the image URI, environment variable, or default to the Singularity hub client. Supports various clients like AWS, Docker, Dropbox, etc. Initializes the client with optional credentials and database configuration. Returns the client instance.
6737	Open an IPython shell with an optional endpoint and command.
6738	```plaintext
def get_manifests(self, repo_name, digest=None):
    Fetches manifests for a repository, handling v1 and v2 schemas. Includes config if available and uses latest digest if none provided.
```
6739	def get_manifest(repo_name, digest=None, version="v1"): retrieves the specified image manifest for a repo and tag, accepts one of three versions of the manifest.
6740	Determine the download cache directory using user preferences or default settings, ensuring the directory structure is correct and subfolders are created if necessary.
6741	Extracts environment variables from the manifest, converts them to export statements, and joins them into a single string. Returns None if no environment is found. Used by `env_extract_image` and `env_extract_tar`.
6742	Updates the base URL and API endpoint for GitLab, sets the artifacts and job settings, and logs the API base, artifacts, and job.
6743	The `_update_secrets` method updates the `token` attribute with the value from the environment variable `SREGISTRY_GITLAB_TOKEN` and sets the `Private-Token` header in the `headers` dictionary with this token.
6744	Creates a dictionary with job metadata.
6745	Fetches all settings or settings for a specific client. Returns settings based on the provided client name if it exists. If no client name is provided, returns all settings across clients.
6746	A wrapper for _get_and_update_setting, prints an error and exits if the result is None or an empty string.
6747	Updates a setting if a value is provided by calling update_client_secrets with the backend and updates dictionary.
6748	Authorize a client by encrypting the payload with the client token, generating a digest, and returning a signature.
6749	Lists builders or instances for a specified project, filtering by default zone, and displays the information in a table.
6750	def load_templates(self, name):
    retrieves a specific template by name from a list of configurations, returns the template if found.
6751	Retrieves the IP address of a named instance by polling with retries and delay.
6752	Run build by inserting instance, retry on failure. Log instance details and direct to web portal.
6753	Lists containers by metadata "type": "container," alerts if none found, returns list.
6754	Lists all containers in a bucket with custom metadata value of "container." Outputs the size and name of each container in a table.
6755	The `main` function of the provided code is designed to handle image listing commands for external resources. It takes in `args`, `parser`, and `subparser` as parameters. The function initializes a client using `get_client` from `sregistry.main`, with the client's verbosity controlled by the `quiet` argument from `args`. It then iterates over each query in `args.query`, replacing empty strings or asterisks with `None` for default behavior. Finally, it calls the `ls` method of the client for each query, listing images that match the queries.
6756	Defining main function for image sharing.
6757	Initialize the database with a given path or a default path. Set up the database engine and session. Use the Singularity cache for layers and images. Register all models.
6758	```python
def get_build_template():
    Retrieve the default build template.
    If found, read and return it; otherwise, log a warning.
```
6759	def search(self, query=None, args=None):
  '''Search for containers based on query and endpoint.
  
  Parameters:
  query: container name or URI to search.
  args.endpoint: optional endpoint ID and path.
  
  Options:
  - If no query/endpoint, list shared endpoints.
  - With query, search endpoints if endpoint provided; else search all endpoints.
  - If query and endpoint, search specified endpoint for container pattern.
  '''
  
  # No query provided
  if query is None:
    
    if args.endpoint is None:
      # List all shared and personal endpoints
      bot.info('Listing shared endpoints. Add query to expand search.')
      return self._list_endpoints()
    
    else:
      # List containers in specified endpoint
      return self._list_endpoint(args.endpoint)

  # Query provided, but no endpoint
  if args.endpoint is None:
    bot.info('You must specify an endpoint id to query!')
    # Search endpoints based on query
    return self._list_endpoints(query)

  # Query and endpoint provided
  return self._list_endpoint(endpoint=args.endpoint, query=query)
6760	def list_endpoints(self, query=None):
    '''Lists all endpoints and presents them to the user. Function 
    takes no arguments as it does not use user-provided endpoint ID or query.'''
    
    bot.info('Select an endpoint ID to query.')
    
    endpoints = self._get_endpoints(query)
    
    bot.custom(prefix="Globus", message="Endpoints", color="CYAN")
    
    rows = []
    for kind, eps in endpoints.items():
        for epid, epmeta in eps.items():
            rows.append([epid, '[%s]' % kind, epmeta['name']])
    
    bot.table(rows)
    
    return rows
6761	List files within a specified endpoint, optionally filtering by a query. Handles errors, formats output, and displays results in a table.
6762	The share method generates a shareable link for an image using the Dropbox client. It first checks if the image exists at the specified path. If it does, it creates a new shared link or retrieves an existing one, handles any API errors, and logs the share URL before returning it.
6763	read_client_secrets checks if a client secrets file exists. If it does, it loads the secrets; otherwise, it uses default secrets from Singularity Hub and saves them to the file.
6764	Initializes and sets up Google Compute and Storage services using specified version and default credentials.
6765	Delete a file from a bucket using the storage service.
6766	Deletes an image from Google Storage by its name.
6767	DESTROY AN INSTANCE:

Destroy an instance by name. Retrieve instances, project, and zone. Check for instance name match. If found, log and delete instance using compute service.
6768	This function retrieves a dictionary of subparsers from a given argparse parser object. The subparsers are collected from the parser's action list and stored in a dictionary with subparser names as keys.
6769	Generate a robot name using a descriptor, noun, and numbers, separated by a delimiter.
6770	```python
Get a temporary directory with an optional prefix, creating it if needed.
```
6771	Extracts a tar archive to a specified output folder, handling whiteout files if requested.
6772	def _extract_tar(archive, output_folder):
    Check if 'blob2oci' is available, exit if not.
    Use 'blob2oci' to extract the tar archive to the specified output folder.
    Optionally print the extraction status.
6773	calculate SHA256 hash of a file in chunks
6774	read_file opens a file in the specified mode and reads either lines or the entire content, returning it.
6775	reads json file and returns data as dict
6776	```python
def clean_up(files):
    Ensure files is a list, delete each file if it exists.
```
6777	Uploads a local image file to an S3 bucket with specified metadata.
6778	def get_or_create_collection(self, name):
    '''Retrieve a collection by name, or create it if it doesn't exist.'''
    from sregistry.database.models import Collection
    collection = self.get_collection(name)
    if collection is None:
        collection = Collection(name=name)
        self.session.add(collection)
        self.session.commit()
    return collection
6779	def get_collection(name): querying the database for a collection with the given name and returning it if found, otherwise None
6780	def get_container(self, name, collection_id, tag="latest", version=None):
    '''Retrieve a container using provided name, collection_id, tag, and version. Returns the container if found, otherwise None.'''
    from sregistry.database.models import Container
    query = Container.query.filter_by(collection_id=collection_id, name=name, tag=tag)
    if version is not None: query = query.filter_by(version=version)
    return query.first()
6781	List local images in the database, optionally filtering by query string in container name, tag, or URI. Returns filtered or all containers.
6782	Inspect a local image in the database, printing and returning its basic fields, metrics, and collection name after formatting creation time and converting metrics from JSON.
6783	renames an image, preserving its original directory, and updates its URI in storage
6784	Move an image from its current location to a new path. If the image exists, copy it to the specified path. If the path is not a directory, use the filename provided. If the directory is empty, use the current working directory. If the image is not found, log a warning.
6785	Remove an image from the database and filesystem.
6786	Def adds image to registry, handling local files, URLs, and metadata. Checks image existence, retrieves names, and updates/store metadata accordingly.
6787	def push(self, path, name, tag=None):
    '''push an image to Singularity Registry'''
    path = os.path.abspath(path)
    image = os.path.basename(path)
    bot.debug("PUSH %s" % path)

    if not os.path.exists(path):
        bot.error('%s does not exist.' % path)
        sys.exit(1)

    self.require_secrets()

    names = parse_image_name(remove_uri(name), tag=tag)
    image_size = os.path.getsize(path) >> 20

    if names['registry'] is None:
        names['registry'] = self.base

    names = self._add_https(names)

    url = '%s/push/' % names['registry']
    auth_url = '%s/upload/chunked_upload' % names['registry']
    SREGISTRY_EVENT = self.authorize(request_type="push", names=names)

    fields = {
        'collection': names['collection'],
        'name': names['image'],
        'tag': names['tag']
    }

    headers = {
        'Authorization': SREGISTRY_EVENT
    }

    r = requests.post(auth_url, json=fields, headers=headers)

    message = self._read_response(r)
    print
6788	The `parse_header` function reads a recipe file, finds a header line containing a specified key, and optionally removes the header. If the header is found, it returns the value part of the line; otherwise, it returns an empty string.
6789	The function `find_single_recipe` parses a file to check if it contains a recipe. If a recipe is found and matches a given pattern, it updates a manifest with the recipe's path and modification time. If the manifest already contains the recipe, it updates it only if the file is more recent. If no manifest is provided, it returns the recipe.
6790	Deflates a list of files into a compressed tarball, renames it using the file's hash, and returns the new path.
6791	run_build config bucket names create build retry on failure update blob metadata and visibility if successful
6792	Function updates blob metadata using response from Google build, config, and bucket. Sets metadata fields including file hash, artifact manifest, location, and build command. Applies metadata to blob and saves changes.
6793	Remove special characters from a given string, except for those specified, and return the formatted string in lowercase.
6794	def useColor(self):
    Determine if color should be added to a print based on user preference and if streams are in a tty.
6795	If a level is not INFO or QUIET, print to stderr
6796	The `write` method writes a message to a stream after ensuring the message is in string format. If the message is bytes, it decodes it to UTF-8.
6797	def table(self, rows, col_width=2):
    '''Prints a table with entries from rows. Uses dictionary keys as column names if rows is a dictionary.'''
    labels = list(rows.keys()) if isinstance(rows, dict) else [str(x) for x in range(1, len(rows) + 1)]
    rows = list(rows.values()) if isinstance(rows, dict) else rows

    for row in rows:
        label = labels.pop(0).ljust(col_width)
        message = "\t".join(row)
        self.custom(prefix=label, message=message)
6798	Pushes an image to a Globus endpoint. Validates the source endpoint, checks for an existing transfer client, and ensures a personal endpoint is available. Creates an endpoint cache and submits a transfer request.
6799	Return a default template for a given name from a pre-defined dictionary of templates, or None if not found.
6800	Fetches image manifest for a given repository name and tag using AWS client.
6801	Retrieves a build template based on the specified package manager and template name. If no name is provided, it defaults to a template specific to the manager. Returns the template content if found, otherwise logs a warning.
6802	This method updates secrets by reading from a credential file or environment variable, handling required settings, reading client secrets, and optionally using a credential cache.
6803	Generate a repr string for a class, omitting default keyword arguments.
6804	Converts S3 exceptions to custom FSErrors based on error type and message.
6805	Create a `S3File` object backed by a temporary file and return a proxy.
6806	Builds a Gravatar URL from a user object or email. Handles email extraction, size parameter, and URL escaping. Returns an empty string on exception.
6807	generates a Gravatar URL from an email address, with options for size, default image, rating, and secure connection
6808	Checks if a user has a gravatar by attempting to HEAD a 404 default URL and returning True if a 200 OK response is received.
6809	Builds a secure or plain URL to a Gravatar profile based on an email address.
6810	Generator for blocks for a chimera block quotient, yielding tuples of (x, y, u, k) for x in range(M), y in range(N), u in (0, 1), and k in range(L).
6811	Extract block-induced subgraphs from a graph G and construct a block-quotient graph based on the intersection of blocks.
6812	Enumarate resonance forms as SMILES strings from a given SMILES string. Convert mol to SMILES string with isomeric information. Return set of resonance forms.
6813	Enumerate resonance forms: Generates all possible resonance structures for an input molecule using RDKit's resonance generation function, applying various sanitization flags.
6814	Applies normalization transforms to correct functional groups and recombine charges in a molecule.
6815	Repeatedly apply a normalization rule to a molecule until no changes occur, with a maximum of 20 attempts. If multiple unique products are produced, choose the first one alphabetically sorted by SMILES. If no products are generated after 20 attempts, return None.
6816	Enumerates tautomers of a molecule, calculates scores based on aromaticity, SMARTS patterns, and hydrogen bonds, and returns the tautomer with the highest score. If scores are equal, returns the one with the lexicographically smallest SMILES.
6817	Validate a SMILES string and return log messages using the default validations.
6818	Break covalent bonds between metals and specified organic atoms, adjusting charges accordingly.
6819	Standardizes a SMILES string to a canonical form using the molvs library, skipping sanitization as it's done by default in standardize.
6820	Convert SMILES to a molecule, standardize it, enumerate its tautomers, and return a set of tautomer SMILES strings.
6821	Converts a SMILES string to a canonical tautomer by standardizing and canonicalizing the molecule.
6822	Standardizes a molecule by sanitizing, removing hydrogens, disconnecting metals, normalizing, reionizing, and assigning stereochemistry.
6823	"Returns the tautomer parent of a given molecule by standardizing if necessary, canonicalizing the tautomer, and standardizing again."
6824	Remove salts/solvents from input molecule, if desired. Return largest organic covalent unit.
6825	Remove stereochemistry from a molecule, including tetrahedral centers and double bonds, and return the resulting molecule. Optionally skip standardization if the input molecule has already been standardized.
6826	```python
Replace isotopes with the most abundant isotope for their element.
```
6827	Returns the uncharged version of the fragment parent of a given molecule. If the molecule is not standardized, it will be standardized first.
6828	Generates the super parent molecule by standardizing, finding the charge parent (largest fragment), removing isotope and stereochemistry information, determining the canonical tautomer, and standardizing again.
6829	Main function for molvs command line interface. Parses arguments for different commands (standardize and validate) and calls the appropriate function based on the command.

Arguments for all commands: input/output filenames, input/output filetypes, and SMILES.

Standardize command: outputs a standardized molecule.
Validate command: validates a molecule.

Handles exceptions and prints help if an error occurs.
6830	Remove specified fragments from a molecule using SMARTS patterns. Iterates through fragment patterns, removing each match until no more can be removed or only one fragment remains if leave_last is True.
6831	The method chooses the largest covalent unit from a molecule based on the number of atoms, molecular weight, and SMILES string. It prioritizes organic fragments if preferred. If there are ties, it uses molecule weight and then alphabetic order by SMILES.
6832	```python
def integrate_ivp(u0=1.0, v0=0.0, mu=1.0, tend=10.0, dt0=1e-8, nt=0,
                  nsteps=600, t0=0.0, atol=1e-8, rtol=1e-8, plot=False,
                  savefig='None', method='bdf', dpi=100, verbose=False):
    """
    Solves an initial value problem (IVP) of the van der Pol oscillator.
    Uses either adaptive or predefined integration methods based on nt.
    Plots the results if requested.
    """
```
6833	Retrieves organization statistics, checks if data needs to be fetched, logs in, collects members, teams, and repository data, writes JSON and CSV files, and prints API usage.
6834	Retrieves the number of members of the organization by iterating through them and mapping their IDs to their JSON representation, returning the total count.
6835	Retrieves the number of teams in the organization by iterating through them, converting each team to JSON, and counting the total number of teams.
6836	Retrieves info about repos of the current organization, including JSON, CSV, and other details like contributors, forks, stargazers, pull requests, issues, languages, and commits.
6837	Retrieves the number of contributors to a repo in the organization and adds their details to unique and contributors JSON lists.
6838	Retrieves and counts open and closed pull requests for a repository.
6839	Retrieves the number of closed issues for a given repository, optionally filtering by date.
6840	Checks if a GitHub repo has a ReadMe file. If yes, increments total_readmes and returns 'MD'. If search limit is reached, sleeps and resets limit. Searches for ReadMe in repo code. Returns path of ReadMe or 'MISS' if not found.
6841	Checks if a given repo has a top-level LICENSE file, Incrementing a search limit and sleeping if exceeded
6842	Retrieves the number of commits to a repository in an organization. If no previous commits are saved, it fetches all commits and saves them. If commits are already saved, it only fetches commits that have not been saved since the last date.
6843	Writes a dictionary to a JSON file with optional list support and clears the file before appending new data.
6844	Updates the total.csv file with current data, appending a new row if the file exists, or creating a new file with a header if it doesn't. The method deletes the last line before adding the new data and counts the number of rows to ensure unique identifiers in the ID column.
6845	def write_languages(self, file_path='', date=str(datetime.date.today())):
    Generates a CSV file of languages counts and sizes, appending to or creating if it does not already exist
6846	Checks if a directory exists and creates it if not.
6847	Remooves rows with a specified date from a CSV file, defaulting to today's date. Copies all non-matching rows to a temporary file, then renames it back to the original file.
6848	Fetches names of US Government GitHub organizations from an API and returns them as a list.
6849	Create a session for a GitHub Enterprise instance using `github3.py` and a specified URL and token. If the token is not provided, it attempts to use the `GITHUB_API_TOKEN` environment variable. Raises an error if the connection fails.
6850	Wait for API rate limit to reset if remaining requests are below threshold.
6851	Create a GitHub session for making requests, either using the default URL and token or a custom URL and token. Raise an error if connection fails, otherwise log the successful connection and return the session.
6852	Iterates through GitHub organizations and repositories, yielding repo objects. Supports fetching public repos for specified or all orgs, and named repos. Includes API rate limit checks.
6853	Retrieves an organization by name. If the name is empty, it prompts the user for one. Then, it prints "Getting organization." and retrieves the organization using the GitHub API.
6854	Writes sorted stargazers data to a file in CSV format.
6855	Create CodeGovProject object from GitLab Repository, populating required and optional fields based on repository data.
6856	```Create a CodeGovProject object from a DOE CODE record by extracting and setting various fields including name, repository URL, description, licenses, usage type, tags, and contact information. Optional fields like version number and status are also included if present.```
6857	A helper function to lookup license object information based on the provided license name, returning a dictionary with the URL and name of the license, or raising an error if the license is not recognized.
6858	Retrieves traffic data for public repositories in an organization using GitHub's API.
6859	def get_releases(url, headers, repo_name):
    Fetches release data for a repository and stores it in a JSON object.
6860	Retrieves referrer data from a GitHub API endpoint, aggregates the total and unique referrers for a given repository, and stores the results in a dictionary.
6861	Retrieves data from a specified URL, processes it, and stores the results in a dictionary based on the data type provided.
6862	Writes a JSON file for each repository in the provided dictionary, excluding empty lists, using the specified organization and date in the file path.
6863	Writes all traffic data (referrers, views, clones) to files.
6864	Checks if a CSV file exists, reads its data, and compares it to a dictionary.
Removes data from the dictionary that has already been recorded in the file.
Returns the count of rows from the file.
Skips the header line and processes each row to check for redundancy.
6865	Writes a dictionary to a file, appending new data each time, with headers if the file doesn't exist.
6866	Writes referrers data to file in CSV format, appending to existing file if it exists. Data includes date, organization, referrer name, counts, and logarithmic counts.
6867	Reads a DOE CODE .json file and yields each record.
6868	Fetches and yields DOE CODE records from a JSON URL response using a provided API key.
6869	Generates DOE CODE records from a local JSON file or a remote server URL using the provided key.
6870	Attempts to log in to GitHub using stored credentials or prompts for them. Handles Two Factor Authentication and stores authentication token in a file for future use.
6871	Retrieves public email addresses of organization members. Uses login to fetch user.email from GitHub API. Stores emails in self.emails, using login as key. Handles users without public emails by storing 'none'. Prepares a lowercase login dictionary for sorting.
6872	Writes users' emails to a file, sorted by username.
6873	Function `connect` takes a URL, username, and password as input. It establishes a connection to a Bitbucket server using the provided credentials and logs the connection information. Finally, it returns the connected Bitbucket session.
6874	Connects to a GitLab session using the provided URL and token.  
If token is not provided, it tries to get it from the environment variable GITLAB_API_TOKEN.  
Raises a RuntimeError if authentication fails.  
Logs the connection URL.  
Returns the connected GitLab session.
6875	Function yields GitLab project objects for specified repositories or all repositories if none specified.
6876	Clones a Git repository, runs cloc to count lines of code, and returns the number of code lines.
6877	Calculates labor hours based on source lines of code (SLOC) using the COCOMO II model, defaulting to a value from the Code.gov team or custom months per year. Extracts person months from a COCOMO II website response, converts to labor hours using calculated hours per person month.
6878	Removes keys with `None` or empty string values from a dictionary, including nested dictionaries.
6879	Reads a GraphQL query file, removes comments, line breaks, and extra whitespace, and caches the result.
6880	Reads a GraphQL query from a file, submits it to GitHub, and returns the result as a dictionary.
6881	Send a curl request to GitHub with the specified query, variables, and authentication token. Optionally use the REST API instead of GraphQL. Return the HTTP status code, response headers, link-based pagination data, and the response body.
6882	Waits for a specified UTC timestamp, printing verbose information if enabled. Logs current and target timestamps, calculates wait duration, and counts down before completing.
6883	-def countdown(self, waitTime=0, printString="Waiting %*d seconds...", verbose=True):
-Sleeps for a specified duration, updating the.printString with the remaining time.
-Optionally prints the countdown and suppresses output based on the verbose parameter.
6884	Load a JSON file into the internal data dictionary. If no file path is provided, use the stored path. If the file exists, read and load the data. Update the stored path if specified.
6885	Writes internal JSON data to a file. If no path is provided, uses stored path. Creates file if it doesn't exist. Optionally updates stored file path.
6886	Creates TFS connection context using provided URL and token, defaulting to environment variable if none given
6887	Create a TFS project analysis client using a given URL and optional token. If no token is provided, attempt to use the TFS_API_TOKEN environment variable. Raises an error if unable to connect.
6888	Create a core client for a Team Foundation Server Enterprise connection, using an optional token or falling back to the TFS_API_TOKEN environment variable. Raises an error if connection fails.
6889	Creates a TFS Git Client by connecting to a TFS Enterprise URL using a token (either provided or from environment variables). Raises an error if the connection fails.
6890	Creates a TFS TFVC client using a provided URL and token, or the TFVC API token from the environment if not provided. Raises an error if the client cannot be created.
6891	def get_git_repos(url, token, collection, project):
    Creates a TFS Git client and retrieves all Git repositories for a given project within a collection.
6892	Retrieves all TFVC branches for a given project in a TFS collection using a provided URL, token, collection, and project. Returns the list of branches or an empty list if no branches are found.
6893	Login to GitHub, check commit stats, wait, and print last year's commits to file.
6894	Calculates total commits by starting with a given number and subtracting weekly commits, then sorting and reversing the weeks, updating starting commits with the total.
6895	Writes commit data to a CSV file.
6896	Instantiate and configure backend metrics.
6897	def get_metrics(thing, extra=''): Returns a MetricsInterface instance with a key prefix based on the input, optionally using the class/module path and adding extra information.
6898	Records a timing in milliseconds and tags for a set of metrics.
6899	Contextmanager to easily compute timings in milliseconds. Accepts a stat key and optional tags for breakdown.
6900	def timer_decorator(self, stat, tags=None):
 Decorates a function to measure and record its execution time in milliseconds using a specified stat key and optional tags for categorization.
6901	Sanitize key and value, handle optional value, force alphanumeric, lowercase, truncate, and append underscore if reserved.
6902	Report a timing statistic
6903	Report a histogram data point.
6904	Rolls up and logs statistics for increment, gauge, and histogram data at specified intervals, resetting the data counters afterward.
6905	orders Enum members by a specified field
6906	Converts a string from the database into an Enum value, returning None if the value is None.
6907	Convert string to Enum value, handling None and existing Enum instances.
6908	Converts an Enum value to its string name for database storage, or raises an error for unknown values.
6909	def _resolve_path(obj, path):
    Checks if obj's class is not in path.context.accept
    If not, recursively resolves paths for each element in obj
    If obj is Text, returns set of its children or a specific child based on path.index
    If obj is Fact or Theory, resolves path in its tree_graph
    If obj is Topic, returns set of its root or flexing based on path.kind and path.index
6910	Projects USLs onto a dictionary mapping terms to USL lists. Filters by allowed terms if provided.
6911	Calculates the average by dividing the sum by the count, returns 0 if no values have been added.
6912	Record an event with the meter; default records one event; updates counters and rates.
6913	Computes and returns the average rate of events occurred since the process started by dividing the total count of events by the elapsed time.
6914	Record and adjust a counter value, then pass it to a superclass method.
6915	Send metric and its snapshot (if available) using the configured serializer keys and type.
6916	Serialize metric using keys and send available measures of a metric.
6917	Compose a statsd compatible metric string for a measurement, incorporating the metric's name, value, and type, and optionally prefixing the name with a custom prefix.
6918	Add a metric to the buffer, increment the count, and send if the buffer size threshold is reached.
6919	Get method that raises MissingSetting if the value was unset.
6920	Converts input data to a UTF-8 encoded string if it's not already, raising an error if the data is not valid UTF-8.
6921	Fetches value from config, sets default if missing.
6922	Convert a list of human-readable codes to a dictionary mapping those codes to exactOnline GUIDs.
6923	Get the current division and return a dictionary of division choices along with the current division ID.
6924	Consolidates exact invoice numbers to foreign invoice numbers via batching for efficient querying.
6925	Convert Sudoku grid to SAT clauses, solve the SAT problem, and update the grid with the solution.
6926	Create Django CBV from injector class
6927	Create and return Django form processing class-based view from injector.
6928	Create Flask method view using the injector class.
6929	Wrap injector in a DRF API view
6930	Create a DRF generic API view from the injector class.
6931	Create DRF model view set from injector class by applying various method configurations.
6932	Recieve a streamer for a given file descriptor using asyncio and UnixFileDescriptorTransport.
6933	Handles read events, reads data from a file descriptor, processes it, or handles end-of-file and errors.
6934	Sets self._closing to True, pauses reading, and schedules connection lost callback.
6935	Finalize closing by calling the protocol's connection_lost method and then closing the file descriptor, setting references to None.
6936	This method adds a new watching rule for a given path and flags. It assigns an alias to the rule if one is not provided, checks if a rule with the same alias already exists, and then adds the rule to a dictionary. If a watch has already been started, it registers the new watch immediately.
6937	Stops watching a rule identified by an alias, removes associated file descriptors and requests, and raises an error if the alias does not exist or the watch removal fails.
6938	Adds an inotify watch for a given path with specified flags, associates an alias with the watch descriptor, and raises an error if the alias is already registered.
6939	This method initializes an inotify watcher using `LibC.inotify_init()`, sets up watches for specified paths with given flags, and then creates a stream and transport to manage the file descriptor, passing ownership to the transport to ensure proper cleanup.
6940	Coroutine fetching events, skipping removed watches, decoding paths, and returning Event objects.
6941	Send a TOUCH event to notify ``nsqd`` that the message requires more processing time.
6942	```
def success(self):
    """Update timer intervals on successful call"""
    if self.interval != 0.0:
        self.short_interval -= self.short_unit
        self.long_interval -= self.long_unit
        self.short_interval = max(self.short_interval, Decimal(0))
        self.long_interval = max(self.long_interval, Decimal(0))
        self.update_interval()
```
6943	Shortens failure timer intervals, but caps them at maximum limits, then updates interval.
6944	Closes all connections and stops periodic callbacks.
6945	Checks if buffered messages should be processed when `max_in_flight` is greater than 1, considering the number of in-flight messages compared to the last ready count multiplied by 0.85.
6946	Establishes a connection to `nsqd` at the specified host and port. Validates the host as a string and port as an integer. Creates an asynchronous connection, setting up event handlers for various connection states. Avoids reconnecting to the same host within 10 seconds. Logs the connection attempt and initiates the connection.
6947	Triggers a query to an `nsq_lookupd` server, rotates through configured addresses, constructs the query URL, and makes an HTTP GET request.
6948	Dynamically adjust the reader's max_in_flight. Set to 0 to immediately disable all connections.
6949	Logs a warning when a message exceeds maximum attempts and provides details about the message and the number of attempts.
6950	listens for an event with a given name and adds a callback function to be executed when the event is triggered.
6951	Remove a callback from an event listener.
6952	Execute callbacks for listeners on a specified event, passing all extra arguments to each callback.
6953	Publishes a message to an NSQ topic with an optional callback.
6954	Sets the feature transformation mode and degree, removes the first column of the training data, applies the specified transformation, and returns the transformed data.
6955	def prediction(self, input_data='', mode='test_data'):
    Checks if the model is trained and if input data is provided. Transforms input data based on mode and predicts the output. Returns a dictionary with input data, actual value (if applicable), and predicted value.
6956	Applies a sigmoid function to the input `s`, clamping values below -709 to -709 before computing the sigmoid.
6957	Reads a Trimmomatic log file to calculate and return trimming statistics as an OrderedDict.
6958	Cleans the working directory of unwanted temporary files by removing unpaired FASTQ files and optionally removing paired FASTQ files if a certain condition is met.
6959	Merges default adapters from a directory into a single FASTA file with line breaks. Returns the path to the new file.
6960	```
Executes Trimmomatic to trim sample reads, handles file paths, adapter trimming, log generation, and output cleanup.
```
6961	Function parses samtools depth file, tracks coverage per position for each reference, and returns dictionary with coverage data.
6962	```python
def main(depth_file, json_dict, cutoff, sample_id):
    """
    Processes a depth file, filters data based on a cutoff value, and generates JSON outputs for pATLAS.
    Validates the cutoff, loads plasmid lengths, reads the depth file, and creates dictionaries for coverage.
    Dumps the results to mapping.json and report.json.
    """
```
6963	Sets the path to the appropriate Jinja template file based on the `template` argument, raises an exception if the template file is not found, and sets the `Process.template_path` attribute.
6964	Sets the main channel names for input and output channels based on provided suffixes and lane number.
6965	Returns the main raw channel for a process based on the provided or inferred input type. The method checks if the input type exists in a mapping dictionary and returns the corresponding channel info if found. If not found, it returns None.
6966	Loads a Jinja2 template from a file and renders it with the provided context.
6967	Class property that dynamically generates and returns a populated template string for a process, raising an error if channels are not set up first.
6968	The `set_channels` method sets the main channels for a process using keyword arguments. It appends the process ID to input, output, and status channel prefixes. The method also handles additional information using the `**kwargs` system. If main forks are present, it constructs fork channels and logs the setting process. Finally, it updates the `_context` attribute with the channel information and process ID.
6969	Updates the `main_forks` attribute with the sink channel destination. If `main_forks` is empty, it initializes it with the current `output_channel` and renames the `output_channel`. Adds the sink to `main_forks`. Sets the `forks` attribute to a formatted string representing the forks operator and channel. Updates the context with the new `forks` and output channel.
6970	def set_secondary_channel(self, source, channel_list):
    """ Sets a secondary channel for a given source """
    logger.debug(f"Setting secondary channel for source '{source}': {channel_list}")
    source += f"_{self.pid}"
    channel_list = sorted(set(channel_list))
    op = "set" if len(channel_list) == 1 else "into"
    fork = f"\n{source}.{op}{{ {';'.join(channel_list)} }}\n"
    self.forks.append(fork)
    logger.debug(f"Setting forks attribute to: {self.forks}")
    self._context["forks"] = "\n".join(self.forks)
6971	Updates process attributes from a dictionary, ensuring only valid directives are updated. Handles special processing for 'params' attribute.
6972	Set the input channels for the status process using a specified operator. If only one channel is provided, set it directly. If multiple channels are provided, use the specified operator ('mix' or 'join') to combine them into a single channel string.
6973	Sets raw inputs for the pipeline, updates parameters, and defines forks based on the input dictionary. Logs the primary inputs and forks.
6974	Adds secondary inputs to the pipeline, inserting them as specified in the `channel_dict`.
6975	Sets the initial definition of the extra input channels based on a dictionary. Iterates through the dictionary, updates process parameters, creates channel names and strings, and constructs a context with the extra inputs.
6976	Attempts to extract the coverage value from a header string by splitting it into pieces and parsing the last piece as a float. Returns None if no float is found.
6977	This method parses an assembly FASTA file and populates the Assembly.contigs attribute with data for each contig. It uses a temporary storage list to accumulate sequence data and an i
6978	Calculates and returns the AT, GC, and N nucleotide counts and their respective proportions in a given DNA sequence.
6979	The `filter_contigs` method filters assembly contigs based on user-provided comparisons and GC content criteria. It stores filtered contig IDs and their test results in `filtered_ids` and `report` respectively.
6980	Calculates the total length of the assembly excluding filtered contigs.
6981	Writes the assembly to a new file, filtering out ids if specified.

Parameters:
- output_file: str, name of the output assembly file
- filtered: bool, if True, excludes filtered ids
6982	Writes test results for the current assembly to an output file.
6983	Removes nested brackets from a string using regular expressions.
6984	Splits the pipeline string into forks, checks if each fork contains a lane token '|', and ensures there are no duplicate processes within the same fork. If any fork fails these checks, a `SanityError` is raised.
6985	## Method: Insanity Checks

Performs sanity checks on a pipeline string before parsing.  
Strips spaces, defines check functions, and executes them.
6986	Parses a pipeline string into a list of dictionaries representing connections between processes, handling linear and forked pipelines.
6987	Finds the lane of the last matching process before a fork in a pipeline.
6988	Extract lanes from a pipeline string, ignoring nested forks. Split string at forks, return list of lane processes.
6989	Establishes linear connections between processes in a list by creating a list of dictionaries with input and output links, skipping the first process and using a specified lane.
6990	Establishes connections between a process and forked processes. Increments lane counter for each forked process.
6991	Adds unique identifiers to each process in a pipeline string and returns the modified string along with a dictionary mapping the original process names to their unique identifiers.
6992	Replaces unique process identifiers in pipeline links with their original names, excluding the default "__init__" process.
6993	Checks if the trace and log files exist, raising an error if either is missing.
6994	Returns column names mapped to their positions in the trace file header.
6995	Converts a time duration string in hms format to seconds.
6996	Converts size string into bytes
6997	Reads a .nextflow.log file, extracts process names, and populates the processes attribute with process details, excluding blacklisted processes and those in skip_processes. Also extracts pipeline name and tag.
6998	Resets various attributes related to pipeline execution, including tracing info, process tags, stats, and timing information, when the pipeline is re-executed.
6999	Checks the log file for barrier arrive signals and updates the process channel status to complete. If a session abort signal is detected, it exits the barrier update.
7000	def _retrieve_log(path): Attempts to read a log file and returns its contents as a list of lines. Returns None if the file does not exist.
7001	```Assess process resource usage by comparing expected and actual values, returning warnings for excessive CPU load and memory usage.```
7002	Updates process stats by re-populating the process_stats dictionary with new stat metrics.
7003	```text
Method parses nextflow log, updates submitted samples for each process, checks log file size, and processes new entries.
```
7004	Wrapper for updating inspection data by calling log_parser and trace_parser. Repeatedly attempts to parse files until successful or max retries reached.
7005	A method to display the default pipeline inspection overview using the curses library. Initializes the screen, sets key bindings, updates inspection attributes, and displays the interface in a loop. Handles exceptions for file not found and other errors, and ensures the screen is reset before exiting.
7006	Adjusts the top line for scrolling up or down within content boundaries.
7007	Adjusts padding left or right based on direction and screen width.
7008	return last_lines
7009	opens pipeline and config files from working directory and returns them as dictionary
7010	The `_dag_file_to_dict` function opens the `.treeDag.json` file in the current working directory. It attempts to load the file as JSON and returns its content as a dictionary. If the file is not found or the JSON is corrupted, it logs a warning and returns an empty dictionary.
7011	def _get_run_hash(self):
    """Calculates the hash for a Nextflow run."""
    
    # Get pipeline file path from the log.
    pipeline_path = get_nextflow_filepath(self.log_file)
    
    # Calculate hash of the pipeline file.
    pipeline_hash = hashlib.md5()
    with open(pipeline_path, "rb") as fh:
        for chunk in iter(lambda: fh.read(4096), b""):
            pipeline_hash.update(chunk)
    
    # Calculate hash based on working directory, hostname, and hardware address.
    workdir = self.workdir.encode("utf8")
    hostname = socket.gethostname().encode("utf8")
    hardware_addr = str(uuid.getnode()).encode("utf8")
    dir_hash = hashlib.md5(workdir + hostname + hardware_addr)
    
    # Combine and return both hashes.
    return pipeline_hash.hexdigest() + dir_hash.hexdigest()
7012	Searches for the first occurrence of the Nextflow pipeline file name in the .nextflow.log file and returns the pipeline path. Raises an error if the path is not found.
7013	Splits a FASTA assembly into multiple files based on a minimum contig size, creating a new file for each header that meets the size criteria.
7014	The `main` function parses a Nextflow trace file, filters processes by a specific tag and status, and generates a JSON report containing relevant information.
7015	```python
def brew_innuendo(args):
    """Brews a process pipeline based on provided tasks or default recipes. Validates and runs the pipeline, returning the final string and process list."""

    # Create recipe class instance
    automatic_pipeline = Innuendo()

    # Determine input processes
    if not args.tasks:
        input_processes = " ".join(automatic_pipeline.process_descriptions.keys())
    else:
        input_processes = args.tasks

    # Validate processes
    validated = automatic_pipeline.validate_pipeline(input_processes)
    if not validated:
        sys.exit(1)

    # Run and return pipeline
    pipeline_string = automatic_pipeline.run_auto_pipeline(input_processes)
    return pipeline_string, list(automatic_pipeline.processes)
```
7016	_returns pipeline string for given recipe name by iterating over recipe modules and loading classes, comparing recipe names, and returning the corresponding pipeline if found, otherwise logs error and exits_
7017	This method `list_recipes` lists all available recipes in the system, printing their names and optionally detailed information depending on the `full` parameter. It supports colored output for better readability.
7018	Validates pipeline string by checking for forbidden characters. Returns False if found, else True.
7019	Builds the upstream pipeline for the current process by checking for upstream processes and adding them to the current pipeline fragment if they were provided in the process list. Handles forkable processes by creating new pipeline fragments for each fork and recursively building the pipeline for each fork.
7020	Builds downstream pipeline for current process, adds downstream processes to pipeline, handles forks recursively.
7021	Builds a pipeline by iterating over tasks, checking for upstream/downstream connections, and merging forks. Returns a list of possible pipeline forks.
7022	Main method to run the automatic pipeline creation. Aggregates functions to build a pipeline string for the workflow generator from a space-separated string of tasks. Returns the pipeline definition.
7023	Generates a component string with optional parameters and directives.
7024	The `write_report` method writes a report from trimming statistics for multiple samples. It takes a dictionary of storage, an output file path, and a sample ID. It writes a CSV header and the trimmed statistics for each sample to the output file. It also creates a JSON file with trimmed statistics, percentage, 5-end and 3-end trimming, and bad reads for the current sample.
7025	Reads log files, parses them, stores the results, removes temporary log files, and writes a report.
7026	Remove whitespace from assembly contig names and save as new file
7027	Def clean_up(fastq):
- Remove temporary fastq files.
- If files are symlinks, remove the link source.
7028	Class method for parsing abricate output files. Takes a list of file paths, checks if each file exists, and calls a private method `_parser` to process the file. Logs a warning if a file does not exist.
7029	Parses a single abricate output file, skipping headers and comments, and populates the storage attribute with relevant data from each line, using an arbitrary key.
7030	Iter_filter filters entries based on custom filters and yields those that pass the specified behavior.
7031	Tries to extract a contig ID from a fasta header string using regular expressions. Returns the original string if no valid ID is found.
7032	Generates JSON report data for plotting gene boxes. Returns list of JSON objects with sample-wise gene information and assembly file paths.
7033	Writes JSON report data to a file.
7034	def main(sample_id, assembly_file, coverage_bp_file=None):
    Generates an assembly report for a given sample, including summary statistics and optional coverage data. The report is written in JSON format.
7035	Reads a FASTA assembly file and populates the contigs attribute with sequence data for each contig.
7036	Generates a CSV report with summary statistics about the assembly. Calculates number of contigs, average contig size, N50, total assembly length, average GC content, and missing data. Optionally writes report to specified CSV file.
7037	Returns x-axis positions and contig labels for sliding window points.
7038	Calculate GC proportion in a string
7039	Calculates GC content for a sliding window across the assembly sequence.
7040	Executes Skesa with paired FastQ files, generates an output FASTA file, and cleans up input files based on the 'clear' parameter.
7041	Writes a JSON report for a sample with quality data from data1 and data2. Merges multiple data categories into a single JSON structure, including statuses and specific content for each category.
7042	This function finds the optimal trim index in a boolean list by identifying the first occurrence of a True element followed by two consecutive False elements. If no such occurrence is found or the list contains only False elements, it returns 0 or the length of the list, respectively.
7043	Identifies optimal trim ranges for a FastQC data file by parsing the 'Per base sequence content' category. Determines 5' and 3' trim indices based on GC and AT content proportions.
7044	### `def get_sample_trim(p1_data, p2_data)`:  
Takes two FastQC data file paths for paired FastQ reads, calculates the optimal 5' and 3' trim indices based on the GC content, and returns the indices.
7045	Parses a FastQC summary report file, extracting the first two columns and stores them in an ordered dictionary where the second column is the key and the first column is the value.
7046	Checks a FastQC summary file to determine the health of a sample, identifying failing and warning categories. Returns a boolean indicating if the sample passes and lists of failed and warning categories.
7047	The `parse_log` method reads a bowtie log file, extracts key alignment statistics, and populates attributes using regular expressions and custom methods. It handles both paired and unpaired reads, calculating counts for aligned reads, and calculates the overall alignment rate. The log parsing is verbose and includes print statements for debugging, which should be removed in production code.
7048	Parses a process string to extract the process name and directives. Returns the process name as a string and a dictionary of directives if present, or None if no directives are found. Raises a ProcessError if the directives cannot be parsed.
7049	Adds a dependency process by creating a new instance of the specified template, adapting its lanes and connection channels, and inserting it before the current process in the pipeline. Logs an error if the input types of the processes do not match.
7050	Searches process tree in reverse, checking parent lanes and attributes to find matching template. Returns True if found, False otherwise.
7051	Adds header template to master template string
7052	Adds footer template to master template string
7053	Sets main channels for pipeline processes, updates raw input, handles secondary channels, and logs progress.
7054	Sets main and extra inputs for the init process.
7055	Sets the secondary channels for the pipeline by iterating over the secondary_channels dictionary and setting secondary links for each source.
7056	Compiles status and report channels for the status compiler process, checks for duplicates, and extends processes with status and report instances.
7057	def generate_nextflow_resources_string(resource_dict, process_id):
    Concatenates resource directives from a dictionary into a Nextflow string for injection into a config template, ignoring specific directives.
7058	def _get_container_string(cont_dict, pid):
    Constructs nextflow container config string from a dictionary of process containers.
7059	This method constructs a Nextflow parameter string from process parameters in a dictionary. It iterates over processes, adding headers for each template, and appends parameters in the format `"param = value"`, using process IDs for non-"init" templates.
7060	Function merges parameters from a dictionary into a single string, handling different data types and ensuring unique parameter names.
7061	Generates a Nextflow manifest config string from pipeline info.
7062	Iterates over pipeline processes, populates Nextflow config files with directives, and renders configurations, parameters, and manifest files.
7063	Writes a tree-like dictionary to a JSON file.
7064	Writes pipeline and attributes to JSON, generates DAG for rendering, handles forking, and outputs HTML.
7065	Writes configuration files to a project directory, including resources, containers, parameters, manifest, and a user config if it doesn't exist. Also generates a pipeline DAG in HTML.
7066	Export pipeline params as JSON to stdout. Iterates over pipeline processes, skips the init process, and exports each component's params as JSON.
7067	Export pipeline directives as JSON to stdout
7068	Fetches and displays Docker tags for components specified by the `-t` flag, listing default versions with a special marker.
7069	The build method constructs a Nextflow pipeline by first building a header, then setting main and secondary channels, and finally the status channels. It writes the pipeline code to a file and logs the steps.
7070	Determines k-mer values based on the option provided and the maximum read length. If "auto," selects values based on read length. If manual values are provided, uses those. If none, returns an empty list for automatic determination by SPAdes.
7071	### Summary:
```python
def main(sample_id, fastq_pair, max_len, kmer, clear):
    """ Executes metaSPAdes assembly. Parses command-line arguments, runs subprocess, handles standard output, and cleans up input files. """
```
7072	Returns a hash of either the Nextflow pipeline file or a report JSON file, depending on whether `self.watch` is True or False.
7073	Checks if the trace file has changed since the last update. If it has, parses the file to identify unreported JSON files and adds them to a queue for reporting.
7074	Checks if the Nextflow log file size has changed since last update. If unchanged, exits. If changed, updates log size stamp and calls method to parse and update run status.
7075	Sends PUT requests with report JSON batches from `report_queue`, with a maximum batch size of 100 reports. Handles connection errors and resets the report queue after sending.
7076	Sends a POST request to initialize live reports.
7077	Sends a DELETE request to the specified broadcast address to close the connection for a given report ID. Logs errors if the request fails or if a connection cannot be established.
7078	Converts a FASTA file containing adapter sequences into a tab-separated file for FastQC. Returns the path to the converted file or None if the input file is not found.
7079	Executes FastQC on paired FastQ files, optionally using an adapter file, with a specified number of CPU threads. Logs the execution, handles adapter files, constructs the FastQC command, runs the subprocess, captures and logs output, checks for generated FastQC output files, and renames relevant output files for easy retrieval.
7080	Writes a dictionary to a JSON file if it contains entries, and constructs another dictionary with additional data for reporting.
7081	Function reads mash output file, extracts relevant data, calculates hash percentages, filters results based on cutoff, stores in dictionary, and sends output to a JSON file.
7082	It generates a `.versions` JSON file with version information from a template script. It retrieves version data from predefined attributes and from functions that start with `__get_version`. Each function returns a JSON object with program, version, and build details, which are then written to the file.
7083	Converts Mash screen top results to JSON format, filtering by median multiplicity and sample ID.
7084	Function to print colored text, optionally changing end character, with UTF-8 encoding check and fallback color handling.
7085	Logs alphabetically sorted process details from a dictionary, handling list and nested dictionary values.
7086	def proc_collector(process_map, args, pipeline_string):
    Generate a dictionary of process arguments based on command-line options and provided process map. If the detailed_list option is enabled, include all available arguments. If the short_list option is enabled, include only the description argument. Filter processes based on a provided pipeline string if specified. Pass the resulting dictionary to procs_dict_parser and exit.
7087	Guesses the compression of a file by checking its binary signature against a dictionary of supported formats. Returns the compression format if found, otherwise returns None.
7088	Get min and max Unicode values in a string
7089	Get valid encodings and phred scores within a given Unicode range.
7090	Parses a TSV coverage file into an OrderedDict of contig coverage and length, and calculates total coverage and assembly size.
7091	Function filters an assembly file based on minimum coverage, outputting only contigs that meet the threshold.
7092	Filter a BAM file based on minimum coverage using Samtools.
7093	Determines minimum coverage threshold based on input options or defaults to 1/3 of the assembly size, with a minimum value of 10.
7094	Calculate the total size of an assembly in nucleotides and determine the size of each contig by reading an assembly file.
7095	The function `main` processes assembly mapping by parsing coverage and assembly files, filtering assemblies based on coverage, and handling cases where filtering criteria are not met by copying the original files. It logs the steps and outcomes through the process.
7096	Converts a CamelCase string to snake_case by inserting an underscore before each uppercase letter that is not at the beginning of the string and then converts the result to lowercase.
7097	Collects Process classes and returns a dict mapping templates to classes
7098	Reads a Newick file, processes the tree data, and outputs a JSON report with the processed tree.
7099	Find data points on the convex hull of a supplied 2D data set using a recursive divide-and-conquer algorithm.
7100	Assigns data points most similar to basis vectors W by finding the nearest neighbors using vector quantization (vq) and constructs a new array Wmapped containing these data points, ensuring the matching to W is preserved even if self.data is unsorted.
7101	Applies a median filter to each column of a matrix X using a window size of M.
7102	Computes a Gaussian kernel using Foote's method, applying symmetry and flipping elements to achieve specific properties.
7103	Computes self-similarity matrix using specified distance metric (default: Euclidean), normalizes the distance matrix, and converts it to a similarity matrix.
7104	Computes the novelty curve from a self-similarity matrix X and a Gaussian kernel G by summing the products of overlapping submatrices of X and G, normalizing the result.
7105	Applies a Gaussian filter along a specified axis in a feature matrix.
7106	Computes the novelty curve from structural features by calculating the Euclidean distance between consecutive points in the input array, normalizing the result to a range of 0 to 1.
7107	Shuffles rows of square matrix X cyclically to create a time-lag matrix.
7108	time-delay embedding of input array X with m dimensions and tau delays
7109	Formats a plot with specific title, axis labels, ticks, and saves or displays it.
7110	Plots boundary times from multiple algorithms using Matplotlib.
7111	Plots algorithm labels against ground truth boundaries.
7112	Plots results of one track, with or without ground truth.
7113	Plots a hierarchical segmentation tree using matplotlib, displaying segments as vertical spans with colored backgrounds based on labels.
7114	The function returns segments of a feature matrix, each defined by a pair of boundary indices. It ensures boundary indices are sorted, not empty, and within the valid range of the matrix.
7115	Takes a list of feature segments, finds the maximum segment length, zero-pads shorter segments, removes frames from the ends, computes 2D-Fourier Magnitude Coefficients, and returns a list of these coefficients.
7116	Computes segment similarity using k-means clustering with optional Dirichlet or XMeans initialization. Estimates labels for feature segments after filtering and converting to 2D-FMCs. Returns estimated labels as integer identifiers.
7117	Fit the OLDA model using the provided training data X and labels Y. Re-initialize scatter matrices and perform a partial fit. Return the fitted model.
7118	Fit overlapping dictionary learning on data `X` with change-points `Y`. Update scatter matrices to capture within-segment and ordinal variations. Compute eigenvectors and values for component extraction. Return updated model.
7119	Reads boundary times and labels from a JAMS file based on the audio file path and annotator ID.
7120	def find_estimation(jam, boundaries_id, labels_id, params):
    Search jam for annotations matching specified boundaries_id, labels_id, and params. Returns first matching annotation or None if no match found.
7121	Saves segment estimations in a JAMS file. Checks and converts boundary times to intervals, creates or updates the JAMS annotation, saves metadata and parameters, and appends actual data.
7122	get_all_boundary_algorithms retrieves all boundary algorithms in MSAF, returning a list of their IDs.
7123	Builds a configuration dictionary from input parameters, incorporating bounds and labels configurations if provided. Handles parameter name clashes.
7124	Gets audio files from a specified directory, ensures necessary directories exist, creates file structs, and sorts them by audio file name.
7125	Reads hierarchical references from a JAMS file, extracts segment bounds, labels, and levels, and returns them.
7126	Reads JSON file and returns duration.
7127	Writes results to a file in the MIREX standard format, given segments' times and labels.
7128	Constructs a new file path by replacing the extension of the audio file with a specified extension.
7129	Aligns segment times to the nearest detected beats. Loads ground-truth segmentation and maps beats to segments. Returns aligned segment boundaries, true segment times, and labels.
7130	Estimates beats using librosa. Computes harmonic-percussive decomposition if needed. Finds beat times and frames from percussive audio. Converts frame indices to seconds. Removes first beat if it's at time 0. Returns estimated beat times and frames.
7131	Reads beat annotations from a JAMS file, if available. Returns the times and frame indices of the beats.
7132	Transforms features to be synchronized with beats, optionally padding.
7133	Reads features from a file, validates them, and stores them in the object.
7134	Saves features to file, handling different cases for feature availability and parameters.
7135	Returns non-private parameter names, excluding global parameters.
7136	Computes framesync times using librosa's frames_to_time function based on feature array, sampling rate, and hop length.
7137	This method returns the frame times for the specified feature type. If the feature type is framesync, it computes the frame times and returns them; otherwise, it returns the frame times for the specified type.
7138	Calculate features if not already computed; choose type based on feature type enumeration.
7139	Creates a feature object based on the given parameters, selecting from registered features using specified types and validation.
7140	This method checks if a specified feature is valid and returns the actual features if it is. If not, it raises a RuntimeError.
7141	Posts-processes algorithm estimations by synchronizing labels with input boundaries, removing empty segments, and ensuring boundary and label counts match and types are integers.
7142	Main function to run an algorithm on an MSAF dataset with parameter sweeping. Takes input dataset path, feature type, boundary and label algorithms, number of threads, and optional flags for annotated beats and frame-synchronous features. Logs completion time.
7143	```plaintext
If the results dataframe is empty, log a warning and return; otherwise, calculate the mean of the results and log it.
```
7144	Computes ground truth results using est_file and ref_file, with optional parameters for config, bins, and annotator_id. Depending on config, either evaluates hierarchical or flat segmentations. Handles hierarchical evaluation by sorting, appending fake labels, aligning times, and computing t-measure. Returns results dictionary.
7145	Computes information gain between annotated and estimated intervals using specified bins.
7146	Converts input to FileStruct if string, checks file names and existence, then calls compute_gt_results to process and return evaluation results.
7147	Create a results file name based on boundaries, labels, annotator, and config settings, ensuring it is unique and does not exceed maximum file name length.
7148	The function `process` evaluates algorithms' results by analyzing audio files in a dataset. It processes either a single file or a collection of files, computes hierarchical or flat segmentation, and outputs results in a DataFrame which can be saved to a CSV file. It supports various configurations and feature types.
7149	Adds a configuration variable to a configuration class, handling nested sections and validating the variable name and type.
7150	Loops through each feature in the registry, computes features for the given file, and logs the computation.
7151	### Process input file or directory of files to compute features in parallel.
7152	Compute the average log-likelihood of data under a standard normal distribution
7153	Log-normalizes features by first applying min-max normalization and then scaling the values from min_db to 0 using log10.
7154	Normalize features by shifting and scaling each vector between a floor value and 1.
7155	Normalization function for feature vectors, supporting min-max scaling, logarithmic scaling, and various L-p norms.
7156	Returns a numpy array of time frames evenly spaced between 0 and the given duration.
7157	def remove_empty_segments(times, labels): Removes empty segments by filtering out intervals where the start equals the end, returning updated times and labels.
7158	Sonifies estimated click times in an audio track by generatingClicks with a 1 kHz tone, exponential decay, and appending them to the original audio, then writing the result to an output file.
7159	Synchronizes labels from old indices to new indices by interpolating between old labels based on new boundary indices.
7160	Converts frame indices to second timestamps for segmentation boundaries and labels. Adds silences and removes empty segments. Ensures first and last segments are correct.
7161	Ensure both hierarchies end at the same time if their durations are within a specified threshold, by adjusting the final boundary of the first hierarchy to match the second.
7162	Computes distances of a specific data point to all other samples, handling sparse data and logging progress.
7163	Estimates optimal K for K-means clustering using Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC). Sweeps K values, computes BIC for each, and selects the K with the smallest BIC difference exceeding a threshold. Optionally plots BIC and data points.
7164	Returns filtered data where labels match a specified index, reshaping to remove extra dimension.
7165	def run_kmeans(self, X, K):
    "Runs k-means on whitened data X with K clusters, returning means and labels."
7166	Computes the Bayesian Information Criterion for a dataset.
7167	Calculates the magnitude of a complex matrix by computing the square root of the sum of the squares of its real and imaginary parts.
7168	Reads a JSON file, extracts start times of segments, adds the total duration of the last segment as the last boundary, and returns the boundaries as a NumPy array.
7169	Extracts boundaries from a JSON file and returns them as an np array.
7170	Extracts labels from a JSON file, assigns them unique indices, and returns a NumPy array of these indices.
7171	Reads a JSON file, extracts the start times of beats, and returns them as a NumPy array.
7172	def compute_ffmc2d(X):
   """Computes the 2D Fourier Magnitude Coefficients and returns the first half."""
   fft2 = scipy.fftpack.fft2(X)  # Perform 2D FFT
   fft2m = magnitude(fft2)  # Calculate magnitude
   fftshift = scipy.fftpack.fftshift(fft2m).flatten()  # Shift and flatten
   return fftshift[:fftshift.shape[0] // 2 + 1]  # Return the first half
7173	Computes labels for frames using a rank and iteration count, filters activation matrix, and determines most frequent labels within specified bounds.
7174	Filters the activation matrix G by setting all values to 0 except for the maximum values in each row, sets these maximum values to their 1-based index, sumulates the matrix along rows, and applies a median filter of radius R. Returns a flattened version of the result.
7175	Obtains the boundaries module given a boundary algorithm identifier, returning None for "ground truth" and raising an error if the algorithm is not found or cannot identify boundaries.
7176	Retrieves the label module corresponding to a given algorithm identifier. Returns the module if valid, otherwise raises an error if the algorithm or type is invalid.
7177	Runs hierarchical segmentation on audio file using specified bounds and labels modules, computes boundaries and labels for each level in the hierarchy, and includes first and last boundaries in the output.
7178	Runs the flat algorithms with specified identifiers on an audio file, processing segment boundaries and labels, and ensuring first and last boundaries are included.
7179	Runs specified algorithms to estimate segment boundaries and labels for an audio file, handling short audio files gracefully.
7180	This method processes track boundaries and labels. It prepares parameters, runs algorithms, and saves results.
7181	def process(in_path, annot_beats, feature, framesync, boundaries_id, labels_id, hier, sonify_bounds, plot, n_jobs, annotator_id, config, out_bounds, out_sr):
    Seeds random for reproducibility. Configures based on parameters. Checks input validity. Processes single file or collection. Calculates features if needed. Runs algorithms for boundaries and labels. Outputs boundaries if requested. Plots results if enabled. Returns estimated boundaries and labels.
7182	Alternating least squares update for matrix W, using CVXOPT for optimization under convexity constraint.
7183	Parse command line arguments, set up translation function with partial, and process source text.
7184	Wraps a generator function, primes it to the first yield statement, and returns the initialized coroutine.
7185	Concatenates two values unless the first is an integer, in which case it adds the lengths of both.
7186	Coroutine to set and process translation tasks using a queue and ThreadPoolExecutor.
7187	Coroutine function that accumulates text streams up to a specified length (default is 1250) and sends them to another coroutine for processing. If it reaches the maximum length, it sends the accumulated text and resets the accumulator. Handles GeneratorExit by sending any remaining text and closing the downstream coroutine.
7188	Coroutine initializes and processes input stream, sending chunks to a target coroutine until the input stream is exhausted.
7189	def push_url(interface):
    Decorates a function to return a URL and maintains HTTP connection state. Returns a dict response object from the server, handling retries, parsing, and cleaning the response content.
7190	Returns a dictionary representing a GET request to the Google Translate API for translating a given phrase from a source language to a target language, with URL encoding and specified headers.
7191	def translation_table(language, filepath='supported_translations.json'):
    '''
    Opens a JSON file containing language codes and returns a dictionary of language names.

    :param language: The language code to retrieve
    :type language: str

    :return: A dictionary where keys are language codes and values are language names
    :rtype: dict
    '''
7192	Generates a formatted table of language codes sorted by code.
7193	Remove specified nodes from a network's nodes and edges DataFrames.
7194	Saves a Network's data to a Pandas HDFStore, optionally removing specified nodes.
7195	Load data from a Pandas HDFStore file to build a Network object.
7196	This method sets a variable for given node IDs in a network. If no variable is provided, it defaults to ones. It creates a DataFrame with the variable and node indices, drops any rows with missing values, and updates the network with the new variable.
7197	Aggregates data for every source node within a specified distance using a given type of aggregation and decay.
7198	Assigns node_ids to data points based on their x, y coordinates, optionally filtering by a maximum distance.
7199	This method plots data on a geographical map using Basemap and matplotlib. It takes in various parameters such as data, bbox, plot type, and figure, plot, and colorbar arguments. The method automatically matches the data to the network node positions, creates a map figure, plots the data as either a scatter or hexbin plot, and adds a colorbar if specified. The method returns the Basemap, figure, and axes objects.
7200	Sets the location of points of interest (POIs) for a specified category using node IDs from a Pandana network. Updates category names, maximum items, and initializes category data in the network.
7201	Find nearest points of interest (POIs) within a specified distance and return distances and optionally POI IDs.
7202	This method identifies nodes with low connectivity based on a specified distance threshold and connectivity count.
7203	Convert a node element entry to a dictionary suitable for a Pandas DataFrame by filtering out uninteresting tags.
7204	Make an API request to Overpass using a given query and return the parsed JSON response.
7205	Builds an OSM node-based query string using lat/long bounds and optional tags.
7206	Searches for OSM nodes within a bounding box and filters by optional tags, returning a DataFrame with node data.
7207	Checks if the input value is a native regular expression object.
7208	Compares two values with optional regular expression matching.
7209	wraps a method to enable fluent interface by returning self or the method result
7210	Compares a string or regex expression to a given value, with the option to enable regex matching and negate the comparison. Raises an AssertionError if there's a mismatch and negation is not enabled. Returns True if the comparison passes, False otherwise.
7211	Trigger specific instance methods based on input arguments, using simple reflection and sorting.
7212	def match(self, request):
    """
    Check if the given HTTP request matches any registered matcher functions.

    Args:
        request (pook.Request): The request to match.

    Returns:
        tuple(bool, list[Exception]): Whether all matchers pass and any errors encountered.
    """

    errors = []

    def match(matcher):
        try:
            return matcher.match(request)
        except Exception as err:
            err = f'{type(matcher).__name__}: {err}'
            errors.append(err)
            return False

    return all(match(matcher) for matcher in self), errors
7213	Retrieves a matcher instance by class name or alias. Returns the instance if found, otherwise None.
7214	```python
def init(name, *args):
    """
    Initializes a matcher instance using a name and variadic arguments.
    Returns the matcher instance or raises ValueError if not found.
    """
```
7215	Defines response body data. Converts bytes to string if necessary. Sets the body and returns the current instance.
7216	Defines the mock response JSON body by setting the `Content-Type` header to `application/json` and converting the input data to a JSON string if it's not already one. Returns the current response instance.
7217	Sets a header field with the given value, removing previous values. Uses a dictionary to store the header fields, with keys in lowercase and values as a list of unique values.
7218	Helper function to append functions and methods from an iterable to a list.
7219	Triggers a mock request for a pook instance dynamically based on provided keyword arguments.
7220	Sets the mock URL to match, allowing for full URLs with paths and query params (protocol schema optional). Returns the current Mock instance.
7221	Sets headers for a mock request, handling both dictionary and keyword arguments. Returns the current mock instance.
7222	Sets up an expectation that checks for the presence of specified headers in the outgoing request. Header keys are case insensitive. Returns the current Mock instance.
7223	Adds a matcher that requires the specified headers to be present in the request, regardless of their values. Header keys are case insensitive.
7224	```plaintext
Defines a method to set the "Content-Type" header in a Mock instance based on a type alias or full MIME type. Returns the current Mock instance.
```
7225	Configure URL query parameters and add a matcher to the request.
7226	Sets the body data for matching and returns the current Mock instance.
7227	Sets the JSON body to match and returns the Mock instance.
7228	Sets an XML body value for matching and adds an XML matcher.
7229	Method reads content from a file and sets it as the body.
7230	Enables persistent mode for the current mock, setting it to True if no status is provided. Returns the current Mock instance.
7231	Defines a simulated exception error that will be raised, setting it as an instance variable.
7232	Defines the mock response with optional status and keyword arguments, returning the mock response definition instance.
7233	This method matches an outgoing HTTP request against registered mock matchers. It checks for mock expiration, applies filters and mappers, matches the request, registers the call, increments the match counter, handles simulated errors, and triggers callbacks if the request matches. If the request does not match, it returns False and any errors encountered.
7234	def activate_async(fn, _engine): Decorator to run async functions using a pook engine. Activates engine, calls func, and disables engine.
7235	Sets a custom mock engine, validating its methods and activating it if the instance is active.
7236	Enables real networking mode, optionally filtering by hostname(s). Hostnames can be regular expressions. If the outgoing traffic matches a hostname, the request uses the real network.
7237	Creates a new HTTP mock, activates the engine if requested, and registers it. Returns the mock instance.
7238	Removes a mock instance from the list by object reference.
7239	Activates the interceptors, enabling the mock engine if not already active.
7240	Disables interceptors and stops intercepting outgoing HTTP traffic if active.
7241	Verifies if real networking should be used for a request based on registered network filters.
7242	Matches a Request instance contract against registered mocks, applying filters and mappers, and returns a matching mock response or raises PookNoMatches if no match is found.
7243	Creates a copy of the current Request object for side effects. Returns the copied object.
7244	Activates HTTP traffic interceptors as a decorator or standalone function. If called without arguments, it activates the engine. If used as a decorator, it activates the engine before calling the decorated function and disables it afterward. Handles both synchronous and asynchronous functions.
7245	Sets up a new isolated mock engine using a context manager to enable and disable network activity as needed.
7246	Adds one or more HTTP traffic interceptors to the current mocking engine, wrapping them with the engine before appending to the interceptor list.
7247	Removes an interceptor by name and returns True if successful.
7248	Get value from connection's settings_dict or settings module.
7249	Build SQL with decryption and casting by overriding as_sql method, calling superclass method, appending decryption and casting SQL.
7250	If `self.original` is set, save the original value of `self.original` to `model_instance` under `self.attname`. Then call the superclass's `pre_save` method.
7251	Return '%s' if value is None or starts with '\\x', otherwise return the result of get_encrypt_sql(connection)
7252	```python
def get_col(self, alias, output_field=None):
    """Get the decryption for col."""
    if output_field is None:
        output_field = self
    if alias != self.model._meta.db_table or output_field != self:
        return DecryptedCol(alias, self, output_field)
    else:
        return self.cached_col
```
7253	Returns an SQL string to encrypt a field using PGP, formatted with the public PGP key from settings.
7254	Parses YAML data to identify repeated keys and their line numbers.
7255	Calculates regression coefficients and optionally chisq and covariance matrix for a given vector Q and slope. If slope is not provided, it is calculated. Returns a dictionary with slope, intercept, chisq, and covariance matrix if slope is provided.
7256	Compute and return the inverse of the covariance matrix using a recursive approach.
7257	recursively calculates inverse covariance matrix for non-terminal nodes, optionally returning the entire matrix or just the weighing vector
7258	calculate weighted sums and second moments for tip and branch values, propagate averages in tree structure
7259	This function calculates updated means, variance, and covariances along a tree branch based on the branch value, tip value, and existing quantities. If the node is terminal and not an outgroup, it uses the tip value to compute the results. Otherwise, it propagates the quantities using the branch's variance and the existing quantities at the parent node. The function returns a vector containing the updated quantities.
7260	Calculates the standard explained variance by traversing the tree, accumulating distances, and computing the correlation coefficient between tip values and accumulated distances.
7261	Runs regression analysis on tip values against branch values, optionally using a given slope, and returns regression parameters including R-value.
7262	Find the best root on a tree that minimizes a bilinear product of inverse covariance and data vectors. Returns a dictionary with the best node, split fraction, and regression parameters.
7263	Initializes a merger model with a coalescent time `Tc`, handling both scalar and iterable inputs. If `Tc` is iterable, `T` must also be provided and of the same length. Uses `interp1d` to create an interpolation function. Calculates the integral merger rate.
7264	Calculates an interpolation object mapping time to the number of concurrent branches in a tree, with events summarized and results stored in self.nbranches.
7265	Calculates the cost of a branch given the node time, branch length, and multiplicity. Uses merger rates and logarithms to determine the cost.
7266	Iterates through each clade in the tree, updates the merger cost of the branch length interpolator if the clade has an up node.
7267	Determines the optimal coalescent time scale by minimizing the negative total likelihood.
7268	Converts profile to sequence, normalizes it, and samples sequence according to profile probabilities. Returns sequence, profile values, and indices.
7269	def normalize_profile(in_profile, log=False, return_offset=True):
    Normalize a profile matrix by scaling each row to sum to 1. Optionally return the log of the scale factor for each row.
7270	Sets a new GTR object, validating its type before assignment.
7271	Create a GTR model and assign it as an attribute of the TreeAnc class, handling string and GTR/ GTR_site_specific inputs with optional keyword arguments. If the input is invalid, log an error and raise a TypeError. If the GTR model has no ambiguous sites, set fill_overhangs to False.
7272	def seq_len(self, L): Set the sequence length and ensure it can't be changed once set. If L is provided, update _seq_len; otherwise, log an error attempting to reset it.
7273	Attaches sequences to nodes in a tree by checking the alignment dictionary and logging warnings or errors for nodes without sequences.
7274	Set link to parent and calculate distance to root for all tree nodes. Run after tree read, rerooting, topology change, or branch length optimizations. Initialize root, ladderize tree, prepare nodes, and create leaves lookup.
7275	Sets auxiliary parameters for each node in the tree, including names and bad branch flags, and calculates distances to the root.
7276	For each non-terminal node in the tree (parents first), set the root-to-node distance as dist2root attribute by accumulating the mutation_length along the branch.
7277	Reconstruct ancestral sequences using specified method ('fitch' or 'ml'). Infer GTR model if requested. Choose between marginal or joint likelihood. Returns number of nucleotides different from previous reconstruction.
7278	Calculates the mutation matrix for a given branch in a phylogenetic tree using marginal ancestral inference. Computes a joint distribution of sequence states at the branch ends, optionally expanding to the full sequence length.
7279	Expand a node's compressed sequence into the full sequence, optionally including additional constant sites. Returns the sequence as a NumPy array of characters.
7280	Reconstruct ancestral states using Fitch's algorithm, propagating from leaves to root and then back up, updating sequences and profiles. Returns the number of character changes since the previous reconstruction.
7281	Determine the Fitch profile for a single character in a node's sequence by intersecting or unioning the profiles of its children, depending on whether the intersection is empty.
7282	Find the intersection of multiple 1D arrays, returning the sorted, unique values present in all arrays.
7283	return likelihood of observed sequences given the tree, optionally at a specific position and considering full or compressed sequences
7284	Calculate the likelihood of a sequence realization in a tree using a computational method.
7285	Set branch lengths based on mutation lengths if configured, otherwise use given branch lengths, ensuring both are at least a minimum value.
7286	Performs branch length optimization for entire tree. Iterates, optimizing either jointly or marginally. Stores old lengths if specified. Updates node branch lengths and logs results.
7287	Optimizes branch lengths globally by minimizing the negative log-likelihood. Starting with initial branch lengths, it iteratively adjusts them to maximize the likelihood of the tree given sequences. Uses gradient descent through `scipy.optimize.minimize` to find optimal branch lengths, updating the tree and parameters accordingly.
7288	Calculate optimal branch length using GTR model, considering either compressed or uncompressed sequences.
7289	This method iteratively optimizes branch lengths and reconstructs ancestral sequences until convergence. It starts with either probabilistic reconstruction using existing branch lengths or fitch reconstruction using the tree topology. The optimization continues up to a maximum number of iterations, optionally pruning branches with zero optimal length and inferring a GTR model. The method returns a success status.
7290	Get the reconstructed alignment including internal nodes' sequences from a tree.
7291	def Q(self): Computes the rate matrix for the GTR model by multiplying the transition matrix with equilibrium frequencies and adjusting for diagonal values.
7292	Creates a GTR model by specifying the substitution rate, matrix, and equilibrium frequencies. Accepts keyword arguments for additional settings, with default values for alphabet.
7293	Create a standard molecular evolution model using various parameters like substitution rate, transition rates, and nucleotide frequencies. The function supports models such as JC69, K80, F81, HKY85, T92, and TN93.
7294	fix Q by normalizing Pi, breaking rate matrix degeneracy, fixing W by setting diagonal to 0 and scaling, and raising error if fixing failed
7295	Calculate the probability of observing a sequence pair at a distance t for compressed sequences using a log-transformed approach to handle numerical stability.
7296	Calculate the optimal distance between two sequences, accounting for pattern multiplicities and ignoring gaps if specified.
7297	Find optimal time (branch length) for compressed sequence alignment, minimizing negative probability of observed sequences.
7298	Calculate the log probability of observing a node pair at a given distance, considering nucleotide profiles and alignment multiplicity, while optionally ignoring gaps and exponentiating the result.
7299	Compute the sequence state probability at time t later given the parent profile.
7300	Calculates the log-likelihood of a sequence being sampled from equilibrium frequencies, considering optional pattern multiplicities.
7301	Sets branch length mode based on input or empirical distribution, defaulting to 'input' if not explicitly set or if all branch lengths are less than 0.05.
7302	Labels outlier branches that don't follow a molecular clock by finding nodes with residuals outside n_iqd * Interquartile Range and marks them as bad branches. Recomments root estimation after outlier removal. Optionally plots results.
7303	Plots root-to-tip regression with optional internal node positions and labels. If `ax` is provided, uses it for plotting. Confidence level determined by clock model if available.
7304	Scans the tree, resolves polytomies if it increases likelihood, re-optimizes with new topology. Returns the number of resolved polytomies.
7305	Prints the total likelihood of the tree given constrained leaves, either jointly or marginally.
7306	Add a coalescent model to the tree with an optional optimization of the inverse merger rate Tc. If Tc is 'skyline', optimize the skyline model to the last iteration. If Tc is 'opt' or 'const', optimize or set the Tc value, respectively. Attach the merger model to the tree.
7307	Determine the node that minimizes temporal constraint and root-to-tip distance regression when the tree is rerooted, considering covariation and positive rate estimates.
7308	Assures a tree is loaded or built from an alignment.
7309	The `create_gtr` function interprets parameters to either create a standard GTR model or infer one. If 'infer' is specified, it defaults to the Jukes-Cantor model. Otherwise, it parses the provided GTR parameters, handling special cases for certain keys (e.g., 'pis', 'pi'), and creates a GTR model using these parameters. If an error occurs, it defaults to the Jukes-Cantor model.
7310	Checks if input is VCF and reads in appropriately if it is. Returns alignments, reference, and fixed Pi values.
7311	Reconstructs ancestral sequences from a tree and alignment, handling VCF input, inferring GTR model if specified, and exporting results. Returns 0 on success, 1 on failure.
7312	Computes the full-width-half-max for a probability distribution, handling both interpolation objects and Distribution objects.
7313	Create delta function distribution with specified position, weight, and minimum width, and return the distribution object.
7314	def multiply(dists):
    multiplies a list of Distribution objects, handling delta functions and overlapping distributions.
7315	assign dates to nodes in a tree, check for validity, and mark invalid branches
7316	instantiates a TreeRegression object with default tip and branch value functions, optionally accounts for phylogenetic covariation
7317	Calculate maximum likelihood tree positions using temporal constraints, optionally with marginal reconstruction.
7318	Calculate the likelihood of the data given the current branch length in the tree by summing the likelihood contributions of all branches and adding the root sequence likelihood.
7319	The function converts estimated times before present into numerical dates and then formats those dates as human-readable strings in YYYY-MM-DD format.
7320	estimate date uncertainty due to rate variation
7321	This method calculates the time interval around the highest posterior probability region for a given node in a phylogenetic tree that contains the specified fraction of the probability mass. If the node has marginal inverse CDF equal to "delta", it returns the node's numerical date. Otherwise, it determines the interval based on the peak position in the distribution and uses interpolation and optimization to find a wider interval if both marginal reconstruction and rate variation are present, or simpler methods if only one is available.
7322	Find the global minimum of an interpolation object by evaluating it at all points and returning the x-value corresponding to the minimum y-value. If an error occurs, raise an exception with a message indicating the issue and the range of x-values.
7323	uses interpolation to find median
7324	Converts a datetime object to a numeric date in the format YYYY.F, where F represents the fraction of the year passed. If no datetime is provided, uses the current date.
7325	Create a conversion object from a regression clock model, initializing attributes like clock_rate, intercept, chisq, valid_confidence, cov, and r_val based on the input dictionary.
7326	Establishes a socket connection to a server if not already established, logs the connection details, and returns the client object.
7327	Closes connection with Guacamole guacd server.
7328	Receive instructions from Guacamole guacd server by continuously checking for termination characters. If found, extract and return the instruction; otherwise, wait for more data or close the connection if no data is received.
7329	Sends encoded data to the Guacamole guacd server using self.client.sendall() after logging the data.
7330	Logs the instruction and sends it after encoding.
7331	```python
def handshake(self, protocol, width=1024, height=768, dpi=96, audio=None, video=None, image=None, **kwargs):
    "Establish connection with Guacamole guacd server via handshake."

    if protocol not in PROTOCOLS:
        raise GuacamoleError('Missing protocol.')

    if audio is None:
        audio = list()
    if video is None:
        video = list()
    if image is None:
        image = list()

    # 1. Send 'select' instruction.
    self.send_instruction(Instruction('select', protocol))

    # 2. Receive `args` instruction.
    instruction = self.read_instruction()
    if not instruction or instruction.opcode != 'args':
        self.close()
        raise GuacamoleError('Connection lost or invalid opcode.')

    # 3. Respond with size, audio & video support.
    self.send_instruction(Instruction('size', width, height, dpi))
    self.send_instruction(Instruction('audio', *audio))
    self.send_instruction(Instruction('video', *video))
    self.send_instruction(Instruction('image', *image))

    # 4. Send `connect` instruction.
    connection_args = [kwargs
7332	Return a UTF-8 encoded string from a valid Unicode string, handling Python 2 specific cases.
7333	Loads a new GuacamoleInstruction from an encoded instruction string, validates the termination, decodes the instruction, and returns the instruction object.
7334	def encode_arg(arg):
    Convert argument string to a valid GuacamoleInstruction by joining its length and the UTF-8 encoded string with a separator.
7335	Combine opcode and arguments, join with separator, and append terminator.
7336	Returns a versioned URI string for the class based on the `RESOURCE_VERSION` attribute or defaulting to '1' and the class name.
7337	Get instance URL by ID. Base URL is derived from class, and ID is appended if valid; otherwise, an exception is raised.
7338	Returns a versioned URI string for a class without pluralizing the class name.
7339	Downloads a file to a specified path or temporary directory, handling URLs and filenames, and returns the absolute path to the file.
7340	Get parent commit object based on job model and ID.
7341	### _ask_for_credentials
Prompts user to enter SolveBio credentials. Resolves domain, checks for password authentication, and asks for email and password if supported. Otherwise, advises to use Single Sign-On.
7342	Force an interactive login, prompt for credentials, and update client auth with the provided API key.
7343	Prints whether the user is logged-in or not.
7344	Prints user's login domain, email, and role.
7345	filter self if filters kwargs combine query args AND return cloned instance
7346	Shortcut for genomic range filters
7347	Returns a cloned object with a single genomic filter applied to the dataset.
7348	Returns a dictionary with the requested facets. Supports both positional and keyword arguments for specifying fields and their options. Raises an error if no fields are provided or if non-string field arguments are used.
7349	Takes a list of filters and returns processed JSON API filters.
7350	Returns the next result in an iterable Query object, loading more if necessary, and raises StopIteration when done.
7351	Executes a query with optional offset and additional keyword arguments. updates query parameters with offset and limits. Sends a POST request to the data URL and returns the request parameters and response.
7352	Migrates data from the Query to a target dataset. Accepts optional kwargs for customizing the migration process.
7353	Parse command-line arguments, configure SolveBio API host and key, update client settings, and execute the specified function.
7354	Recursively downloads files from a remote vault folder to a local directory, handling nested folders, file overwrites, and permissions.
7355	This function creates a new instance of a class from HTTP response values, initializes it with ID and additional keyword arguments, and then refreshes its attributes from the values.
7356	Revoke token, remove cookie, redirect to home.
7357	Sends an HTTP request using the Python requests library, handling redirects, custom headers, JSON encoding, file uploads, timeouts, and retries for rate limits.
7358	Get child object class for task and retrieve it using task ID and client.
7359	Cancel a task, update status to "canceled", save changes, and reset status if save fails
7360	Parses the ANN field from INFO, splits into subfields, and converts to dictionary format. Handles multi-allelic records and ensures empty values are None.
7361	Converts a row of data into a dictionary for JSON output, including genomic coordinates, variant ID, alleles, and additional info.
7362	Get stored API key from credentials file; raise error if not found
7363	Writes class data to a .netrc file, including host information and macros.
7364	def _format(val, valtype, floatfmt, missingval=""):
    Formats a value based on its type. Returns the formatted value or a missing value if the input is None. Supports integers, floats, and text types.
7365	Transforms tabular data into a list of lists and headers. Handles various data types, extracts headers from data if specified, sorts data if required, and pads headers as needed.
7366	Builds a row of data cells with padding and ensures the row length does not exceed a specified limit.
7367	Return a horizontal line string based on column widths, padding, fill character, separator, and end character.
7368	Apply HTML alignment attributes to each cell in a row based on column alignments.
7369	Constructs a plain-text table using fmt, headers, rows, colwidths, and colaligns.
7370	Copy the implementation of a method into the prompt
7371	Method to validate and parse a full path, handling default values for domain and vault, and supporting various path formats. Returns the validated path and a dictionary containing path components.
7372	Uploads local files and folders to a remote destination, skipping existing ones. Validates paths and recursively uploads directories.
7373	Helper method to validate and normalize a full path from a partial path, automatically handling domain, vault, and path components. Defaults to user's account domain and personal vault if not specified. Raises exceptions for invalid formats. Returns both the full path and its parts.
7374	Ensure non-empty URL with HTTP/HTTPS scheme.
7375	Adds one or more files or URLs to the manifest, handling globs and expanding user paths.
7376	def annotate(self, records, **kwargs):
"""Annotate records with stored fields, yielding one at a time.
Args:
  records: A list or iterator
  chunk_size: Max number of records to annotate at once (default 500)
Returns:
  A generator of annotated records"""
7377	Sends a POST request to '/v1/evaluate' with a payload containing the provided data, expression, data type, and whether it's a list, then returns the result from the response.
7378	Set the default format name if recognized, otherwise raise ValueError.
7379	Registers a new output formatter for a class, associating a format name, handler function, preprocessors, and keyword arguments.
7380	Format the headers and data using a specified formatter, handling preprocessors and column types as needed.
7381	Wraps tabulate inside a function for formatting tabular data with optional header align, index, and preserve whitespace options.
7382	Returns the configuration directory for an application based on the operating system and specified parameters like app name, author, and whether it should be a roaming directory.
7383	Returns a list of system-wide configuration folders for an application based on the operating system and optionally following the XDG Base Directory Specification.
7384	Reads the default configuration file, validates it if required, and updates the object's configuration with the validated settings. Raises an error if validation fails.
7385	Read the default, additional, system, and user config files, validate the default file, and return the config files.
7386	```python
def user_config_file(self):
    """Get the absolute path to the user config file."""
    return get_user_config_dir(self.app_name, self.app_author) / self.filename
```
7387	Get system config file paths.
7388	Method returns a list of absolute paths to additional config files by joining each directory in self.additional_dirs with self.filename.
7389	Write the default config to the user's config file, optionally overwriting if specified.
7390	Reads multiple config files, updates the configuration, and collects any errors. Returns errors or True if no errors.
7391	Truncate string to specified width if it exceeds max width.
7392	Replace multiple occurrences of specified values in a string with their replacements.
7393	Run commands sequentially, exit if any fail.
7394	Apply command-line options to a command. Iterate through default options and any provided options, applying each option to the command.
7395	Apply a command-line option to a command string, replacing the option's value with an empty string if the option is inactive.
7396	def initialize_options(self):
    """Initialize default options."""
    self.branch = 'master'
    self.fix = False
    super().initialize_options()
7397	Run the linter using the `pep8radius` command with options for the branch, fixing if specified, and verbose output.
7398	Generate and execute commands to clean, create HTML, and view documentation in sequence.
7399	Truncate very long strings in an iterable of rows and headers for tabular representation, optionally specifying a maximum field width. Returns the processed data and headers.
7400	This function formats numbers in a given dataset based on type and specified format strings. It takes an iterable of rows `data` and `headers` along with optional parameters for column types, integer and float formats. It formats integers using `integer_format` and floats using `float_format` if provided. The function returns the processed data and headers.
7401	Formats a row of data by concatenating corresponding fields from headers and row with ' | ' and joins the formatted fields with newline characters.
7402	Reformat vertical table with specified headers and filtered keyword arguments.
7403	def adapter(data, headers, table_format=None, **kwargs):
    """Wrap terminaltables in a function for TabularOutputFormatter."""
    keys = ('title', )
    table = table_format_handler[table_format]
    t = table([headers] + list(data), **filter_dict_by_key(kwargs, keys))
    dimensions = terminaltables.width_and_alignment.max_dimensions(t.table_data, t.padding_left, t.padding_right)[:3]
    for r in t.gen_table(*dimensions):
        yield u''.join(r)
7404	Copies a template file to a destination file and replaces template variables with corresponding values.
7405	Check if a given PKCS#11 type is numerical by comparing it against a set of known numerical types.
7406	Checks if a given PKCS#11 type is a boolean value.
7407	Checks if the type is not a boolean, string, or number.
7408	Generate a secret key using a template and a specified mechanism, returning the key handle.
7409	Genereates a key pair using provided templates and mechanism, returning public and private key handles.
7410	findObjects filters objects based on template attributes, searching through up to 10 objects by default and returning matching object IDs.
7411	Inserts an icon into a QR Code image, resizing and centering as needed.
7412	Exports gene panels to .bed format. Logs the start of the process, checks if panels are provided, and then exports the specified panels, either to .bed or without, based on inputs. Outputs the resulting lines.
7413	Increment the date until it matches the given weekday.
7414	Adds 'num' days to a given or default day, counts the days until a specified end date or month, and optionally applies a condition based on 'count_first'.
7415	Counts backwards from 'start' to 'end' day, ignoring days outside 'end_repeat' and handling一个月的天数不足的情况。
7416	Helper method for _handle_weekly_repeat_out, processes biweekly events, adjusts for chunked events, and updates count dictionary.
7417	This method processes a single event chunk, adding its events to a count dictionary. If the event starts and/or repeats within the current month, it generates the relevant events using the Repeater class and updates self.count accordingly.
7418	Exports causative variants for a collaborator, optionally by document ID or case ID. Filters, sorts, and yields variants by chromosome and position.
7419	def export_verified_variants(aggregate_variants, unique_callers):
    Create lines for an excel file with verified variants for an institute. Processes each variant to extract details and build a line for each sample. Returns a list of lines to include in the document.
7420	Export mitochondrial variants for a case to create a MT excel report.
7421	The function updates a user's roles and institutes in the database, logging warnings for non-existent users or institutes and removing admin rights if specified.
7422	Display a list of STR variants for a given institute and case, filtering by variant type and page number.
7423	Display specific structural variant data for given institute, case, and variant ID.
7424	Displays a specific STR variant based on institute_id, case_name, and variant_id.
7425	Validate variant using other techniques by checking institute, case, variant, and user objects, handling missing recipients, and redirecting with a comment and order information.
7426	Builds a clinVar submission form for a variant, handles GET and POST requests, manages submission objects, and updates the submission data in the database or creates a new one if necessary. Redirects to the clinVar submissions handling page with the updated submission object.
7427	def cancer_variants(institute_id, case_name):
    Return cancer variants overview data for the specified institute and case.
7428	""" Handles GET and POST requests for ACMG classification. Returns classification data or redirects after submitting criteria. """
7429	Shows or deletes an ACMG evaluation
7430	Define function to calculate ACMG classification based on submitted criteria and return JSON response Dict).
7431	Uploads a gene panel file, processes it, updates HGNC symbols, and redirects to the appropriate variants page.
7432	```text
Download all verified variants for user's cases, create a zip archive, and serve it to the user. If no verified variants exist, display a warning message and redirect.
```
7433	```python
def genes_by_alias(hgnc_genes):
    # Returns a dictionary with hgnc symbols as keys, mapping to
    # information about the hgnc ids for the symbol.
    alias_genes = {}
    for hgnc_id, gene in hgnc_genes.items():
        symbol = gene['hgnc_symbol']
        for alias in gene['previous_symbols']:
            alias = alias.upper()
            if alias in alias_genes:
                alias_genes[alias]['ids'].add(hgnc_id)
                if symbol == alias:
                    alias_genes[alias]['true_id'] = hgnc_id
            else:
                alias_genes[alias] = {
                    'true_id': hgnc_id if symbol == alias else None,
                    'ids': {hgnc_id}
                }
    return alias_genes
```
7434	Log a message and add incomplete penetrance info to genes based on HPO lines and alias genes.
7435	link_genes gathers gene information from multiple sources and returns a dictionary with HGNC symbols as keys. It primarily uses HGNC data, adding information from Ensembl, ExAC, OMIM, and HPO sources.
7436	Sends HTTP request to MatchMaker server with specified method, url, headers, and data, returns server response in JSON format. Handles logging, error handling, and specific response formatting.
7437	Return list of MatchMaker nodes using provided base URL and token.
7438	Get the cytoband coordinate for a given chromosome and position
If the chromosome exists in the CYTOBANDS dictionary, iterate through the intervals and update the coordinate if a matching interval is found
Return the final coordinate
7439	Get variant subcategory based on alt and ref lengths and category
7440	Determines the length of a variant based on its category and additional parameters. Adjusts for specific cases like SNVs, INDELs, CNVs, and complex structural variants. Returns -1 for uncertain lengths.
7441	def get_end(pos, alt, category, snvend=None, svend=None, svlen=None): Determines the end position of a variant based on the provided arguments and category. Returns the calculated end position.
7442	Extracts variant coordinates and calculates relevant information.
7443	Reads a file, parses cytoband data, and prints information about specific chromosome positions.
7444	The function `panels` handles the display and modification of gene panels. It checks if the request method is POST to update or add a panel. It reads a CSV file, decodes its content, and processes the new or updated panel details. If a new panel is added, it calls `controllers.new_panel` and updates the flash message if successful. If an existing panel is modified, it calls `controllers.update_panel`. If any errors occur during file parsing or panel update, it redirects to the referrer with an error message. Otherwise, it returns a dictionary containing panel groups, names, versions, and institutes for display.
7445	Update panel version and redirect to new panel ID.
7446	Export panel to PDF file with current date and panel name/version.
7447	Edit panel gene information, update form fields based on existing data, and handle form submission for adding or editing genes.
7448	```python
def delivery_report(context, case_id, report_path, update):
    """Adds delivery report to an existing case."""
    adapter = context.obj['adapter']
    try:
        load_delivery_report(adapter, case_id, report_path, update)
        LOG.info("saved report to case!")
    except Exception as e:
        LOG.error(e)
        context.abort()
```
7449	Retrieves a list of HPO terms from the scout database, filtered by a query and/or limited by the number of results.
7450	Logs info and displays IDs of objects in the whitelist collection.
7451	Builds a phenotype object. Takes a phenotype ID and an adapter as input. Returns a dictionary with the phenotype ID and description.
7452	Parse gene information from a database, extracting builds, symbol, description, and other details.
7453	Fetch genes matching a query from a store and convert to JSON format.
7454	```python
def index():
    """Display the Scout dashboard."""
    user_institutes = current_user.institutes
    if not 'admin' in current_user.roles:
        if not user_institutes:
            flash('No access - visit dashboard later.')
            return redirect('cases.dahboard_general.html')

    LOG.debug('Accessible institutes: {}'.format(user_institutes))
    institutes = [inst for inst in store.institutes(user_institutes)]
    institutes.insert(0, {'_id': None, 'display_name': 'All institutes'})

    institute_id = request.form.get('institute', None) or request.args.get('institute', None)
    if not institute_id:
        institute_id = accessible_institutes[0]
    elif (not current_user.is_admin) and (slice_query and institute_id == 'None'):
        institute_id = accessible_institutes[0]
    elif (not institute_id in accessible_institutes) and not (institute_id == 'None'):
        institute_id = accessible_institutes[0]

    LOG.info("Fetching cases for institute: %s", institute_id)
    data = get_dashboard_info(store, institute_id, slice_query)
    data['institutes']
7455	Show all transcripts in the database, filtering by build and hgnc_id. Output details in tab-separated format unless JSON is specified, in which case output as JSON.
7456	Retrieve and return events on a specific day, filtering from a month's event list.
7457	This method processes a list of structural variant variants, filters them based on pagination parameters, sets the genome build, and returns the variants along with a flag indicating if more variants are available.
7458	Pre-process list of STR variants by calling the variants function with the provided arguments.
7459	Preprocess an STR variant entry by retrieving and populating detailed information from the database. Adds institute, case, variant, overlapping SNVs, and options for manual ranking and dismissal.
7460	Pre-processes an SV variant entry for the detail page by adding information to display variant, handling case files, calculating frequencies, parsing overlapping variants, creating Ensembl gene links, and retrieving clinical variables.
7461	Parse variant information, update compounds and HGNC symbols, handle updates, retrieve case events, and format variant length.
7462	Returns a CSV header for a case's variants, including standard fields and sample-specific AD and GT quality fields.
7463	Get variant information by iterating over genes, retrieving transcript and sequence data, and formatting the results.
7464	Function to gather SIFT, Polyphen predictions, and annotations for genes. Collects data, processes each gene's predictions, and formats them.
7465	Adds BAM and VCF file information to a variant object based on a case object.
7466	Find BAI file by replacing .bam with .bai and checking if it exists; if not, try adding .bai to the filename.
7467	Retrieves variant observations by querying LoqusDB for a specific variant and counting cases. Compares with other variants from the same institute in different cases, excluding the original case. Returns total cases and related variant data for matching cases.
7468	Parse variant genes, set default build to 37, add gene links if common, filter and select RefSeq transcripts as primary.
7469	Generate a string representing amino acid changes based on transcript information, optionally including a gene name.
7470	Calculate end position by adding one less than the maximum length of the reference and alternative bases to the variant position.
7471	def frequency(variant_obj):
    Determines the frequency of a genetic variant based on the most common frequency from thousand_genomes_frequency and exac_frequency. Returns 'common' if above 0.05, 'uncommon' if above 0.01, else 'rare'.
7472	Converts CLINSIG evaluations in a variant object to human-readable format, updating with accession links.
7473	Compose link to 1000G page for detailed information using variant object’s DBSNP ID and specified or default build number (37 or 38).
7474	Compose a link to the COSMIC Database if a variant object has a cosmic ID. if no cosmic ID is present, return None.
7475	Compose a link to Beacon Network using the provided variant object's details, with a default build number of 37 or an optional build number.
7476	Compose URL to UCSC genome browser based on variant object and specified build (default 37).
7477	Translate SPIDEX annotation to human-readable string based on absolute value comparisons with predefined thresholds.
7478	Extracts unique manual inheritance models from genes in a variant object.
7479	Return a list of callers with their respective IDs for a given variant object and category.
7480	Fetch cancer variants for a case using institute and case ID. Filter and limit variants to 50. Return institute, case, parsed variants, and variant type.
7481	Gathers case and variant data for Clinvar submission form.
7482	Collects clinvar submission data for a specific variant and displays it using the clinvar_update.html template.
7483	Retrieves institute, case, and variant objects based on provided IDs and returns them along with ACMG criteria and options.
7484	Retrieve institute and case, fetch variant and user, create URL, and submit evaluation to get ACMG classification.
7485	Fetches and populates evaluation object with data from store and criteria mapping.
7486	def upload_panel(store, institute_id, case_name, stream):  
  Parses HGNC symbols from a stream, ensuring they exist in the store. Returns a list of valid symbols.
7487	Collects verified variants from a store for a list of institutes and exports them to Excel files in a temporary directory. Returns the number of files written.
7488	```python
def export_genes(adapter, build='37'):
    """Export all genes from the database to .bed format."""
    LOG.info("Exporting all genes")
    for gene_obj in adapter.all_genes(build=build):
        yield gene_obj
```
7489	```python
def parse_clnsig(acc, sig, revstat, transcripts):
    """Parse clnsig information from VCF and transcripts.

    Args:
        acc (str): Clnsig accession number.
        sig (str): Clnsig significance score.
        revstat (str): Clnsig revstat.
        transcripts (iterable(dict)): Transcript data.

    Returns:
        list: Clnsig accessions.
    """
    clnsig_accsessions = []

    if acc:
        try:
            acc = int(acc)
        except ValueError:
            pass

        if isinstance(acc, int):
            revstat_groups = [rev.lstrip('_') for rev in revstat.split(',')] if revstat else []
            sig_groups = [' '.join(sig.split('_')[:2]) for sig in sig.split('/')] if sig else []

            clnsig_accsessions.extend([
                {'value': sign_term, 'accession': acc, 'revstat': ', '.join(revstat_groups)}
                for sign_term in sig_groups
            ])
        else:
            acc_groups = acc.split('|')
            sig_groups = sig.split('|')
            revstat_groups = revstat.split('|')

            for accg, sigg, rev
7490	It extracts information about compounds from a variant dictionary, filters by case ID, and constructs compound objects with variant, score, and display name.
7491	Export genes from a build, logging the process and formatting the output as a table or JSON.
7492	Builds an Individual object from a dictionary, handling missing keys and converting values to appropriate formats.
7493	Uploads variant data to a case. Checks for existing case, deletes existing variants of specified types, and loads new variants. Optionally deletes variants based on research status. Requires at least one variant type to be specified.
7494	Return a JSON response of the case object if found, otherwise abort with 404.
7495	# Show all collections in the database
Logs the command execution. Iterates through all collections in the adapter and prints each collection name.
7496	- **Check for `internal_id`**: If not provided, log a warning and abort the operation.
- **Set `display_name`**: If not provided, set it to `internal_id`.
- **Handle `sanger_recipients`**: Convert to a list if provided.
- **Create Institute**: Try to create the institute using `load_institute` adapter method. If an exception occurs, log the error and abort the operation.
7497	Updates an institute in the system using the provided parameters
7498	Open file with appropriate encoding and handle gzip files.
7499	def get_net(req):
    """Calculate the net of 'next' and 'prev' querystrings."""
    try:
        nxt, prev = map(int, (req.GET.get('cal_next', 0), req.GET.get('cal_prev', 0)))
        net = nxt - prev
    except Exception:
        net = 0
    return net
7500	Sets next and prev values based on the input net value
7501	Checks if the year is within 50 years of the current year, updates it to the current year and month if not, and sets an error message.
7502	Function that adjusts a given date to the nearest weekday (Monday to Friday) either forward or backward based on the `reverse` parameter.
7503	Parse VCF and family information, set default analysis date, handle missing owner, clean gene panel names, add peddy and multiqc information, and return a dictionary containing all necessary data for loading Scout.
7504	def add_peddy_information(config_data):
    """Reads peddy ped, ped_check, and ped_sex_check files to add ancestry, sex, and parental information to samples in config_data."""
7505	Parse individual information from a sample dictionary, validating required fields and extracting relevant attributes into a structured dictionary.
7506	Parse individual info from a list of sample dicts, reformat to proper individuals, validate father and mother IDs, return list of parsed individuals.
7507	Parses case information from a config dictionary. Validates that the 'owner' and 'family' keys are present. Extracts individual data and constructs a detailed case data dictionary. Handles additional optional fields and checks for the existence of a pedigree file. Adjusts the 'track' based on the presence of cancer VCF files.
7508	Extract minimal family info from PED file
7509	Builds an evaluation object with specified variant, user, institute, and criteria details, ready for database insertion.
7510	Exports mitochondrial variants for each sample in a case to an Excel file. Logs progress and handles cases where no variants are found. Returns the number of files written.
7511	Function to determine if pathogenic criteria are fulfilled based on ACMG guidelines: 
- Checks if Very Strong (PVS) is present and meets specific combinations of Strong (PS), Moderate (PM), and Supporting (PP) terms. 
- Returns True if pathogenic classification criteria are met, False otherwise.
7512	def is_likely_pathogenic(pvs, ps_terms, pm_terms, pp_terms): 
    # Check if Likely Pathogenic criteria are met
    if pvs and pm_terms: 
        return True
    if ps_terms and (pm_terms or len(pp_terms) >= 2): 
        return True
    if pm_terms and (len(pm_terms) >= 3 or (len(pm_terms) >= 2 and len(pp_terms) >= 2) or len(pp_terms) >= 4): 
        return True
    return False
7513	def is_likely_benign(bs_terms, bp_terms):
    """Check if criterias for Likely Benign are fullfilled. Returns True if either 
    (i) 1 strong and 1 supporting term, or 
    (ii) ≥2 supporting terms exist. Otherwise, returns False."""
    return bool(bs_terms and bp_terms or len(bp_terms) >= 2)
7514	Runs ACMG algorithm to classify genetic variants based on prediction terms. outputs prediction as an integer (0-4) representing Uncertain Significance, Benign, Likely Benign, Likely Pathogenic, and Pathogenic.
7515	Ensure variant_obj has refseq transcripts. Collect extra info from gene panels by hgnc_id. Add transcripts and panel-specific info to variant genes. Identify disease-associated transcripts and manual annotations. Update variant_obj with combined information.
7516	Retrieves variants for a specific case based on various parameters.
7517	Return all variants with sanger information based on optional institute_id and case_id.
7518	Returns the specified variant by document_id or case_id, optionally searching with gene_panels and updates chromosome information if it's 'X' or 'Y'.
7519	Retrieves a specified number of variants from a database for a given gene, with options to filter by variant type and sorting by rank score.
7520	Retrieves a list of validated variants for a given institute by filtering events and joining with relevant case and variant data.
7521	Get causative variants for an institute or case. If a case_id is provided, returns causatives for that specific case. If an institute_id is provided, returns causatives for all cases that the institute collaborates on. Returns the variant document IDs.
7522	Checks if there are any variants previously marked as causative for an institute and returns these variants that are present in the current case. Filters out causative variants already marked in the current case if provided.
7523	Find other causative variants in the same institute that match the current variant by ID.
7524	Delete variants of a specified type for a case, optionally by category, and log the deletion count.
7525	Return variants overlapping the input variant's genes, limited to 30 by rank score, with category determined by input type.
7526	Returns evaluated variants for a case, including those commented, with ACMG classification, manual rank, or dismissed.
7527	This method, `get_region_vcf`, generates a reduced VCF file with variants from specified coordinates. It supports clinical and research variant types, SNVs, SVs, and STRs. The file includes variants above or equal to a rank threshold, which defaults to 5. If gene coordinates are provided, they override specified chromosomal coordinates. The resulting VCF is written to a temporary file, which is then returned.
7528	Retrieves variant objects for a specific sample based on variant IDs, category, and presence of non-wild-type alleles in the sample's genotype calls.
7529	Get a MongoDB client connection with optional parameters for host, port, username, password, URI, authentication database, and timeout. If URI is not provided, it constructs a URI using the provided credentials or host and port. Attempts to connect and logs the connection status. Raises ConnectionFailure if connection is refused.
7530	Function extracts submission objects from a form for either variants or casedata. Filters based on variant IDs and user input. Creates unique IDs and structures objects with relevant form data.
7531	Determines CSV header fields based on provided submission objects, returning a dictionary of required fields for either variant or case data.
7532	Creates CSV lines for Clinvar submissions from submission objects, using a custom header.
7533	The `load_transcripts` function loads transcript information from Ensembl,解析s them, and builds transcript objects. It handles fetching genes, parsing transcripts, determining primary transcripts, and storing refseq identifiers. Finally, it loads the transcript objects into the database and logs the number of transcripts processed.
7534	Function `panel` adds a gene panel to the database. It handles OMIM, panel app, and file path options, with error handling and logging.
7535	def build_exon(exon_info, build='37'):
    Validates and creates an Exon object from a dictionary of exon information.
    Extracts required fields like chrom, start, end, rank, exon_id, transcript, and hgnc_id.
    Ensures all fields are of the correct type and raises appropriate exceptions if missing or invalid.
    Returns the constructed Exon object.
7536	Delete a gene panel or its versions using the adapter. If no panels are found, log that none were found.
7537	Delete all indexes in the database.
7538	Delete a user from the database using the provided mail address. Logs an error if user is not found.
7539	Deletes all genes in the database. Logs the action and drops the genes collection, optionally by build.
7540	Deletes exons from the database for the specified build.
7541	Deletes a case and its variants from the database. Requires either a case ID or a display name. If a display name is provided, it must also include an institute ID. Logs the deletion and handles cases where the specified case does not exist in the database.
7542	Show individuals from all cases or a specific case in the database, filtering by case ID, institute, and causatives. Output in a table format with columns for case ID, individual ID, display name, sex, phenotype, mother, and father.
7543	Parse matchmaker matches, convert timestamps, and extract relevant patient data.
7544	Display cases from the database based on provided parameters, showing case ID, display name, and institute. Optionally filters cases by variant threshold and displays clinical and research variant counts.
7545	Returns a user object for the given email, or None if the user does not exist.
7546	Login a user if they have access. If Google SSO is enabled, redirect to Google for authorization. Otherwise, check if the user's email is whitelisted and perform the login if valid.
7547	Builds an institute object with the given internal_id and display_name, optional sanger_recipients, coverage_cutoff, and frequency_cutoff. Removes any None values from the object before returning.
7548	Delete an event from the database using its ID, converting the ID to an ObjectId if necessary.
7549	Create an event with specified parameters, including institute, case, user, link, category, verb, subject, level, variant, content, and panel. Return the inserted event dictionary.
7550	Fetch events from the database based on the given institute, case, variant_id, level, comments, and panel. Returns a pymongo.Cursor with the query result.
7551	def user_events(self, user_obj=None):
    """Retrieve events for a specific user."""
    query = {'user_id': user_obj['_id']} if user_obj else {}
    return self.event_collection.find(query)
7552	Add a new phenotype term to a case, handling both HPO and OMIM terms, and update the case accordingly.
7553	def remove_phenotype(self, institute, case, user, link, phenotype_id, is_group=False):
    Removes a phenotype from a case and creates an event for the change.

    Args:
        institute (dict): Institute object
        case (dict): Case object
        user (dict): User object
        link (dict): URL for the event
        phenotype_id (str): ID of the phenotype to remove
        is_group (bool): Whether the phenotype is part of a group

    Returns:
        updated_case (dict): Updated case object
7554	Adds a comment to a variant or case, creating an event to log the action, with options for comment level (specific or global).
7555	def parse_genotypes(variant, individuals, individual_positions):
    Extracts genotype calls for individuals at a given variant.
    Args: variant, individuals list, individual_positions dict.
    Returns: List of genotypes for each individual.
7556	Function check_coordinates checks if a variant is within the interval specified by coordinates for a given chromosome and position. It returns True if the variant is within the interval, and False otherwise. Parameters include chromosome, position, and coordinates dictionary.
7557	Defines a function to render HPO phenotype terms search box and view. Handles GET requests by returning a list of 100 terms. Handles POST requests by searching for a specific term or phenotype based on user input.
7558	Exports transcripts to a .bed-like format, printing headers and transcript details.
7559	Load exons into Scout database. Assuming there are exons present, first drop them and then load new exons from Ensembl. After loading, update indices and log the duration.
7560	Load variants in a region to an existing case using the provided context, hgnc_id, and coordinates.
7561	Retrieves all events that occur within a given month and year, filtering by category, tag, and optional location or cancellation status. Applies specific filters for yearly repeat events.
7562	Returns queryset of events recurring after 'now', excluding single-day events that won't repeat.
7563	Read requirements from file, remove comments and empty lines, recursively parse nested files, and return list of requirements.
7564	Check if a gene with a given HGNC ID already exists in a panel by looking up the gene in a dictionary of existing genes mapped by their HGNC IDs.
7565	Updates an existing gene panel by adding or replacing genes based on the provided CSV lines.
7566	- Create a new gene panel in the store.
- Check if the institute exists, and return an error if it doesn't.
- Check if the panel already exists, and return an error if it does.
- Parse genes from CSV input and handle any syntax errors.
- Build new gene panel data and add it to the store.
- Return the panel ID or None if errors occur.
7567	Adds institute information and constructs a name-and-version string for the panel object, then returns the updated object in a dictionary.
7568	Retrieve and format information about a case from an archive, including collaborators, synopsis, assignee, suspects, causatives, phenotype terms, and phenotype groups.
7569	Migrate case information from archive by updating collaborators, assignees, variants, synopsis, and phenotype terms, then replacing the case in the database.
7570	```python
Migrate data from an old instance based on URI.
```
7571	Upload research variants to cases. If a case is specified, all variants for that case are uploaded. If no cases are specified, all cases with 'research_requested' are targeted. For each case, specific research variant types (SNV, SV, cancer) are loaded if present, with deletion of existing research variants. The process is conditional based on the 'force' flag or if research has already been requested.
7572	Load genes into the database by fetching and linking information from various sources such as Ensembl, HGNC, ExAC, OMIM, and HPO. The genes are then built into objects and loaded into the database.
7573	def hpo(context, term, description):
    Logs hpo terms in the database based on term or description.
7574	Flask app factory function to configure and return a Flask app instance with extensions, blueprints, and error handling.
7575	def app_config_extensions(app):
    Initialize various Flask extensions with the given app instance.
7576	Registers Flask blueprints for various modules.
7577	Configure and set up extensions for app coverage, including SQLALCHEMY_TRACK_MODIFICATIONS, Chanjo API integration, template filters, and blueprints. Configure Babel for locale localization, determine locale based on request arguments, session, or configuration.
7578	Function aliases retrieves gene information based on a provided symbol or build. It uses an adapter to query the database and collects data on aliases and their corresponding HGNC IDs. If no gene is found, it logs and exits. Otherwise, it outputs the mapping of alias symbols to true IDs and associated HGNC IDs.
7579	Builds a gene panel object from given panel information and adapter. Requires panel_id, institute, and version. Checks institute existence and validates date. Constructs panel with display_name and gene objects, raising errors if missing info or genes not found.
7580	Exports verified variants for an institute to an Excel file. Takes institute ID, test flag, and output path as arguments. Logs the number of verified variants and writes them to the file. Returns the number of written files.
7581	This method `variants` exports causative variants for a collaborator in VCF format. It takes parameters for context, collaborator, document ID, case ID, and JSON output. If JSON is specified, it outputs the variants in JSON format. Otherwise, it constructs and outputs a VCF file, optionally including additional details for a specific case ID.
7582	variant_obj dict containing variant info, case_id opt returns vcf formatted string
7583	Start the web server with the provided configuration, checking MongoDB connection first.
7584	Generate an MD5 hash key from a list of strings. Concatenate the strings, convert to UTF-8, hash using MD5, and return the hex digest.
7585	Sets up the MongoDB connection using configurations from the Flask app.
7586	Setup connection to database and initialize collections for various entities.
7587	```python
def index(context, update):
    """Create indexes for the database. Updates existing indexes if update=True, otherwise loads them."""
```
7588	```
Sets up a scout database by fetching OMIM information, validating API key, and configuring institute and user details.
```
7589	Sets up a Scout demo instance with the provided institute, user, and database details.
7590	Sets up scout instances by configuring context with institute, user details, and database settings. Validates database connection and initializes a MongoAdapter.
7591	Retrieve and display institutes from the database, optionally filtering by ID and outputting in JSON format.
7592	def parse_genetic_models(models_info, case_id): Split "models_info" by ',', then split each family_info by ':'. If the first element equals "case_id", split the second element by '|'. Return the resulting list.
7593	Show all gene panels in the database and print their details.
7594	def add_institute(institute_obj): Add institute to database if it doesn't already exist.
7595	```python
def update_institute(self, internal_id, sanger_recipient=None, coverage_cutoff=None, frequency_cutoff=None, display_name=None, remove_sanger=None, phenotype_groups=None, group_abbreviations=None, add_groups=False):
    """Update an institute's information.

    Args:
        internal_id (str): Internal ID of the institute.
        sanger_recipient (str): Email to add as a Sanger recipient.
        coverage_cutoff (int): Update coverage cutoff.
        frequency_cutoff (float): Update frequency cutoff.
        display_name (str): Update display name.
        remove_sanger (str): Email to remove as a Sanger recipient.
        phenotype_groups (iterable(str)): Update phenotype groups.
        group_abbreviations (iterable(str)): Abbreviations for phenotype groups.
        add_groups (bool): Whether to add or replace phenotype groups.

    Returns:
        dict: Updated institute information.
    """
```
7596	Fetches a single institute by ID from the backend. Logs the fetch and its outcome. Returns the institute object or None if not found.
7597	Check if a string is a valid date using a regular expression pattern matching.
7598	Converts date string to datetime object using provided format, or current date if none provided. Raises exception for invalid dates.
7599	Logs start of hpo_genes export, checks for HPO terms, prints header, then iterates over generated HPO gene list, printing each gene ID and count.
7600	def parse_rank_score(rank_score_entry, case_id):
    Parses a rank score entry for a given case ID.

    Args:
        rank_score_entry (str): Raw rank score data.
        case_id (str): Identifier for the case.

    Returns:
        float or None: Rank score associated with the case ID, or None if not found.
7601	Adds a user to the database with the specified details, logs relevant information, and handles exceptions.
7602	Check if a MongoDB connection can be established using specified host, port, username, and password within a given timeout.
7603	Initialize MongoDB client from Flask app config
7604	Connect to a database adapter, check if a case exists by ID, and load a delivery report into that case. If the report already exists and update is False, raise an error. If update is True, overwrite the existing report. Save the updated case to the database and return it.
7605	Add a user object to the database. If the user already exists, raise an IntegrityError. Return a copy of the inserted user_info.
7606	Retrieve BAM and VCF files from request.args, create a list of alignments with corresponding samples, extract position information, and pass data to a template for visualization.
7607	Load exons from Ensembl, check their associated transcripts, and insert them into the database if they exist.
7608	Update compounds for a case. Check if the case exists, then update its compounds. Handle exceptions and abort if case not found or update fails.
7609	Update a gene object with various links using different IDs (hgnc_id, ensembl_id, entrez_id, omim_id, hgnc_symbol, vega_id, ucsc_id) and genome build versions (37 and 38).
7610	Query HGNC aliases based on symbol or ID, display results with hgnc_id, hgnc_symbol, aliases, and transcripts.
7611	Parses an HGNC-formatted line into a dictionary containing gene information.
7612	Parses lines with HGNC-formatted genes, yields a dictionary of relevant information.
7613	Retrieves or creates an open ClinVar submission for a user and institute.
7614	Updates a clinvar submission ID and timestamp in a submission object.
7615	This method retrieves the Clinvar submission ID for a given submission object using its ID. It queries the Clinvar submission collection in a database to find the corresponding submission and returns the Clinvar submission ID, which is formatted as "SUB[0-9]".
7616	The method `add_to_submission` updates a submission by adding variants and case data to a clinvar collection and updating the corresponding submission object with the new IDs. It handles database insertion errors for duplicates and logs them. Finally, it updates the submission's `updated_at` timestamp and returns the updated submission object.
7617	Set a ClinVar submission ID to 'closed' and update the status of all other submissions for the same user. Return the updated submission object.
7618	retrieves all open and closed clinvar submissions created by a user for an institute, filtering by user_id and institute_id, and returns a list of submission objects with specific attributes.
7619	Delete a variant or case_data object from the ClinVar database and update the related submission object. Update the `updated_at` timestamp on the submission and return the updated submission object.
7620	Get variants from ClinVar submissions for a given case ID. Returns a dictionary with variant IDs as keys and submission objects as values.
7621	The `parse_hpo_obo` function parses lines of an HPO.OBO file, extracting metadata about each term. It yields a dictionary for each term, containing the term's ID, description, aliases, and ancestors. The function handles multiple terms within the input and ensures each term's details are grouped together before yielding.
7622	Render search box for genes. If query contains '|', redirect to gene page with hgnc_id. Otherwise, return top 20 genes.
7623	def gene(hgnc_id=None, hgnc_symbol=None):
    """Render gene information."""
    if hgnc_symbol:
        query = store.hgnc_genes(hgnc_symbol)
        if query.count() == 1:
            hgnc_id = query.first()['hgnc_id']
        else:
            return redirect(url_for('.genes', query=hgnc_symbol))
    genes = controllers.gene(store, hgnc_id)
    return genes
7624	Returns JSON data about genes based on a query参数.
7625	Check if provided gene panels exist in the database and that default panels are included. Return True if all panels exist, False otherwise.
7626	### Load region variants

Takes adapter, case_id, hgnc_id, chrom, start, and end. Loads clinical and research SNV, SV, and STR variants for a specified region. If hgnc_id is provided, retrieves chrom, start, and end from the gene object. Raises errors if case does not exist. Logs variant loading information.
7627	Loads a new case from a Scout config, checks if specified panels exist, and updates the case if instructed. Returns the case object.
7628	Decorator for Flask views to render templates.
7629	Fetch institute and case objects, validate user access, and return the appropriate object(s). If institute or case not found, flash an error message and return 404 or 403 status.
7630	if user is admin, return all institutes else return institutes the user has access to.
7631	Returns the hgnc id for a gene based on the given priority order.
7632	Update a panel in the database if it exists, validating the version and date provided.
7633	Update disease terms in MongoDB using OMIM API. Fetch OMIM info, drop existing disease terms, and load new ones.
7634	Load the OMIM phenotypes into the database by parsing genemap2.txt and finding associated HPO terms from HPO files.
7635	Adds frequencies to a variant from VCF info fields or transcripts.
7636	def parse_frequency(variant, info_key):
    Retrieve frequency from variant's INFO dict. Returns None if key does not exist or annotation is '.'.
7637	Parses specific structural variant frequencies from a variant object and returns them in a dictionary, filtering out zero values and converting values to appropriate types.
7638	Show all users in the database. Fetch user objects, check if any exist, and display their name, email, roles, and institutes.
7639	### It is your turn now! Summarizing the follwing code into summary. Please output the answer directly as shown in the example(s) if provided.###
Input:
```python
def foo(x, y):
    """Add two numbers

    Args:
        x (int): First number
        y (int): Second number

    Returns:
        int: Sum of x and y
    """
    return x + y
```
Output:
```
Adds two numbers and returns the sum.
```
7640	Load a gene panel object, perform integrity checks, and store it in the database.
7641	Create and load the OMIM-AUTO panel. If the panel exists, determine the next version. Fetch OMIM files, parse the release date, and download gene data. Compare with existing panel to check for updates. If updates are found, update the panel; otherwise, log that there is no change.
7642	Compare the latest version of OMIM with the most recent version in the database and return a set of genes that are new to the latest version.
7643	Update the database entry version for genes in the new panel. Set the version based on whether the gene is new or old.
7644	Adds a gene panel to the database if it doesn't already exist. Logs the panel details and inserts the object into the collection, returning the inserted ID.
7645	Fetches a gene panel by '_id' and returns it as a dictionary or None if not found.
7646	Remove a panel using its '_id', log the deletion, and return the result.
7647	Fetch a gene panel by ID and version. If no version is provided, return the latest version or all panels if no ID is provided.
7648	Returns all gene panels, versions, or panels by institute based on provided arguments.
7649	Builds a dictionary mapping genes (by HGNC ID) to a set of panel names they belong to.
7650	Replace an existing gene panel with a new one, keeping the object ID. Update the panel's date, version, and replace the panel in the database. Return the updated panel.
7651	Adds a pending action to a gene panel.
7652	Apply pending changes to an existing gene panel or create a new version, updating the panel's genes and version accordingly.
7653	Retrieves unique clinical gene symbols from a case by aggregating panel data.
7654	Interact with cases in the database, filter by various criteria, return results in JSON or pretty-printed format.
7655	Formats a log record and sends it via SMTP to the specified addresses.
7656	Add proper indexes to the scout instance based on definitions in scout/constants/indexes.py, delete old indexes if they exist, and create new indexes for each collection.
7657	Update the indexes. Add missing indexes to the database and log the status.
7658	Delete all indexes for the database
7659	Builds a mongo query for variants based on input parameters, translating form options into a comprehensive query dictionary. Filters by HGNC symbols, variant type, category, and rank score. Returns the query dictionary in mongo format.
7660	Builds a MongoDB query based on provided parameters, incorporating variant IDs, case ID, category, and various biological and clinical filters. Handles primary and secondary criteria, merging them into a single query structure.
7661	Adds clinsig filter values to the mongo query object based on user-specified clinsig ranks and trusted revision levels. If clinsig_confident_always_returned is True, filters for trusted revisions; otherwise, filters by specified clinsig ranks.
7662	Adds genomic coordinate filters to the query object by setting the chromosome and position range if start and end are provided.
7663	Adds gene-related filters to the query object, updating the mongo_query dictionary with conditions based on hgnc_symbols and gene_panels. If both are provided, uses $or operator. Otherwise, updates mongo_query with individual conditions.
7664	Drops MongoDB database specified in ctx. Logs info and warning messages.
7665	The `parse_panel` function parses a CSV stream representing a genetic panel. It reads the CSV using `csv.DictReader` with a semicolon as the delimiter and no quoting. For each gene row, it extracts and processes data such as HGNC ID, disease-associated transcripts, genetic disease models, and other relevant fields, then constructs a dictionary for each gene and appends it to a list. The function returns the list of gene dictionaries.
7666	Creates a dictionary with keys 'value', 'accession', and 'revstat' using values from the input dictionary.
7667	Load hgnc gene objects in bulk; raise IntegrityError on write concerns.
7668	Load bulk transcript objects into the database, handle duplicates and bulk write errors.
7669	Load a bulk of exon objects into the database, handling exceptions for duplicate keys or bulk write errors.
7670	Fetches HGNC gene by identifier, handling both ID and symbol, supports builds 37 and 38, and adds transcripts to the returned gene object.
7671	Fetches the HGNC ID for a given HGNC symbol and build using a MongoDB query.
7672	Fetches HGNC genes by symbol, searching aliases and optionally using partial matching based on `search` flag.
7673	Fetches all HGNC genes for a specified build, returning them sorted by chromosome.
7674	Returns the number of HGNC genes in the collection, optionally filtering by build.
7675	Deletes the genes collection, optionally specifying a build to drop.
7676	Deletes the transcripts collection based on whether a build is specified, using either delete_many or drop method.
7677	Delete the exons collection, optionally by build.
7678	Return dictionary with ensembl ids as keys and transcript objects as values
7679	Builds a dictionary mapping HGNC symbols to gene objects from a database, filtering by build version.
7680	Return a pymongo.Cursor with hgnc_genes that match the symbol or aliases in the specified build.
7681	Fetches a dictionary mapping HGNC symbols to lists of HGNC IDs, identifying true symbols and collecting all IDs for each alias.
7682	Fetches ensembl genes from a collection based on the specified build version and returns a dictionary with ensembl IDs as keys and gene objects as values.
7683	Convert a HGNC alias to the correct HGNC symbol, returning None if not found.
7684	Add hgnc id to genes with hgnc symbols by looking them up in a dictionary. If a gene is not found, log a warning. If ambiguous, log a warning and use all valid ids.
7685	Builds interval trees for coding regions based on overlapping genes.
7686	Update OMIM gene panel in database with provided API key and institute. Log errors and abort if API key or institute invalid.
7687	Display a list of cases for an institute, filtering by query, limit, skip_assigned, and is_research. Include unevaluated Sanger cases if any.
7688	Displays a single case by retrieving the institute and case objects and then fetching case data, returning a dictionary with institute and case objects along with the data.
7689	This function checks if the current user is authorized to access MatchMaker patient matches. If authorized, it retrieves the necessary parameters and calls a controller function to get the match data. If the data contains server errors, it flashes an error message and redirects. If no data is returned, it creates a default data dictionary. Finally, it returns the data.
7690	Checks user authorization, validates MME configuration, sends match requests, and handles responses.
7691	def matchmaker_delete(institute_id, case_name):
    Removes a case from MatchMaker if authorized.
    Checks user roles, fetches institute and case objects, and sends a delete request.
    Updates case if successful and notifies user via flash messages.
    Redirects back to the previous page.
7692	Function generates case report visualization for given institute and case details.
7693	Download and render a PDF report for a case, including coverage report and case pedigree, if available.
7694	Adds or removes a diagnosis for a case based on input parameters and form data.
7695	def phenotypes(institute_id, case_name, phenotype_id=None):
    Handle phenotypes for a case by adding or deleting them based on the provided phenotype_id. If phenotype_id is provided, delete the specified phenotype. Otherwise, add a new phenotype from the request form, handling HPO and OMIM terms appropriately.
7696	def phenotypes_actions(institute_id, case_name):
    """Perform actions on multiple phenotypes based on user input."""
    institute_obj, case_obj = get_institute_and_case(institute_id, case_name)
    case_url = get_case_url(institute_id, case_name)
    action = request.form['action']
    hpo_ids = get_hpo_ids(request.form)

    if action == 'DELETE':
        delete_phenotypes(store, institute_obj, case_obj, current_user.email, case_url, hpo_ids)
    elif action == 'PHENOMIZER':
        if not hpo_ids: hpo_ids = get_case_hpo_ids(case_obj)
        diseases = phenomizer_diseases(current_app.config, hpo_ids)
        return render_diseases_template(diseases, institute_obj, case_obj)
    elif action == 'GENES':
        hgnc_symbols = extract_hgnc_symbols(request.form.getlist('genes'))
        update_dynamic_gene_list(store, case_obj, hgnc_symbols)
    elif action == 'GENERATE':
        if not hpo_ids: hpo_ids = get_case_hpo_ids(case_obj)
        results = generate_hpo_gene_list(store, hpo_ids)
        hpo_count =
7697	Handle events. Determine institute and case objects. Retrieve form and query parameters. If event_id, delete the event. Otherwise, create a variant or case comment based on variant_id. Redirect to the referrer.
7698	Updated the status of a case based on the provided input and user action, then redirected to the case page.
7699	Assign or unassign a user from a case based on request action.
7700	Searches for HPO terms based on a query parameter, aborts if no query is provided, sorts the results by HPO number, and returns the top 7 terms with their names and IDs in JSON format.
7701	def mark_validation(institute_id, case_name, variant_id):
    Validates a variant as sanger.
7702	Mark a variant as confirmed causative based on user action (ADD or DELETE), then redirect to the case page.
7703	Generates a delivery report for a given institute and case, downloading the report file if it exists. Parses a date from request parameters to filter the report if specified. Returns the report file or 404 if not found.
7704	Share or revoke access to a case with a different institute based on user input.
7705	The `rerun` function requests that a specified case be rerun for a given institute. It uses the sender and recipient email addresses from the application configuration to send the rerun request. Afterwards, it redirects the user to the previous page.
7706	Opens the research list for a case by retrieving institute and case objects, user object, generating a URL, and redirecting the user.
7707	Downloads a vcf2cytosure file for an individual, logs the delivery attempt, and sends the file as an attachment with a modified filename.
7708	Loads a multiqc report by fetching it from a store using the provided institute_id and case_name. If the report is not found, returns a 404 error. Otherwise, serves the report file from its directory.
7709	Groups cases by status, adds analysis types, assignees, rerun status, ClinVar variants, and display track, then returns a dictionary with cases, total found, and limit.
7710	Gathers contents for case report visualization. Collects individual sex and phenotype, case comments, manual rank options, dismissal options, genetic models, and timestamps. Processes variants based on classification, comments, tags, and dismissals, decorating each variant with additional information. Returns a dictionary containing the case data.
7711	Extracts sample IDs and default panel names from case and institute objects, constructs a request to Chanjo-report, removes links from the response, and returns the body content.
7712	Retrieve Clinvar submissions for a specific user and institute from the store.
7713	Collects MT variants from a case and formats them into an Excel report per sample, exporting to a specified directory. Returns the number of files written.
7714	Update the synopsis if it has changed, create event with link to the case.
7715	Retrieves HGNC symbols matching annotated HPO terms using Phenomizer. Returns diseases within a specified p-value threshold as a generator of dictionaries.
7716	Retrieves an individual's display name and Cytosure vcf2cytosure value by ID from a case object.
7717	Find and return MultiQC report details for the given institute and case.
7718	Retrieve all variants with Sanger validations ordered but not yet evaluated for a given institute, grouped by case.
7719	Adds a patient to MatchMaker server by sending a POST request with contact info, gender, features, disorders, and genomic features if applicable. Returns server responses.
7720	**Summary:**  
Deletes all affected samples for a case from MatchMaker by sending a DELETE request to the MME server for each patient in the case. Returns a list of responses for each deletion attempt.
7721	Fetches matchmaker submissions for a case, retrieves matches from the MME server, and returns structured data for display.
7722	Initiates a MatchMaker match against either internal Scout patients or external nodes. Processes the case object, constructs appropriate URLs, makes requests to the MatchMaker server, and collects responses. Returns a list of match results.
7723	Load hgnc aliases into mongo db, fetch omim, ensembl, and hpo gene information, drop existing gene and transcript information, then load and update indexes.
7724	Parse variant caller performance from INFO fields. Returns dictionary mapping caller IDs to 'Filtered' or 'Pass'.
7725	The build_transcript function takes a dictionary of transcript information and a build number, and constructs an HgncTranscript object. It extracts the required fields such as transcript_id, hgnc_id, chrom, start, and end, and populates them into the HgncTranscript object. If any required field is missing or invalid, it raises a KeyError or TypeError. It also removes any unnecessary keys with None values from the object before returning it.
7726	Load a institute into the database
7727	Check if the CADD or CADD_PHRED score is annotated in the variant's INFO field. If not, iterate through transcripts to find the highest CADD score and return it. Returns 0 if no score is found.
7728	def case(context, vcf, vcf_sv, vcf_cancer, vcf_str, owner, ped, update, config, no_variants, peddy_ped, peddy_sex, peddy_check):
    Loads a case into the database. Requires a config object or ped file. Parses case data and loads case using adapter, aborts on errors.
7729	Updates a variant document in the database with the provided variant_obj, returning the updated document.
7730	Updates variant ranks based on rank scores and adds a new variant rank whenever variants are added or removed from a case.
7731	Update compounds for a variant by adding necessary information from a variant object. Returns a list of updated compound objects.
7732	Updates compounds for variant objects in a dictionary. Iterates over variants, checks if compounds exist, updates them, and returns the modified dictionary.
7733	Update compound information for variants in the database in bulk.
7734	```python
def update_case_compounds(self, case_obj, build='37'):
    """Update compounds for a case by iterating over coding intervals, extracting variants, and performing bulk updates."""
```
7735	Load a variant object into a database collection, raise an exception if the variant already exists, and return the inserted_id.
7736	Insert a variant into the database, updating the compounds if the variant already exists.
7737	def load_variant_bulk(self, variants):
    """Bulk load variants, upserting if duplicates occur."""
    if variants:
        LOG.debug("Loading variant batch")
        try:
            self.variant_collection.insert_many(variants)
        except (DuplicateKeyError, BulkWriteError):
            for variant in variants:
                self.upsert_variant(variant)
7738	assigns a user to a case by creating an event log and updating the case's "assignees" list. Returns the updated case.
7739	Share a case with a new institute, raise an error if the collaborator is already added, create a share event, and update the case by adding the collaborator.
7740	Updates a case's diagnosis with an OMIM ID, either by removing or adding it based on the 'remove' flag. Determines the correct key ('phenotype' or 'gene') based on the 'level' argument. Logs the event if the case is updated.
7741	Mark the status of a case as checked or unchecked based on the provided parameters.
7742	Order the verified variant and create events for both the variant and case.
7743	Retrieves all variants validated and ordered via Sanger sequencing, grouped by case and optionally filtered by institute or user. Returns a list of dictionaries with case_id as the key and a list of variant ids as the value.
7744	Mark variant validation status. If type is invalid, log warning and options. Update variant and create validation event. Return updated variant.
7745	Summary:
- Logs marking a variant as causative in a case
- Updates case to solved status, adds variant to causatives
- Creates events for case and variant mark causative action
7746	def update_dismiss_variant(self, institute, case, user, link, variant, dismiss_variant):
  """Create an event and update the dismiss variant of a variant"""
  
  LOG.info("Creating event for updating dismiss variant for variant {0}".format(variant['display_name']))
  
  self.create_event(
      institute=institute,
      case=case,
      user=user,
      link=link,
      category='variant',
      verb='dismiss_variant',
      variant=variant,
      subject=variant['display_name'],
  )
  
  if dismiss_variant:
      LOG.info("Setting dismiss variant to {0} for variant {1}".format(dismiss_variant, variant['display_name']))
      action = '$set'
  else:
      LOG.info("Reset dismiss variant from {0} for variant {1}".format(variant['dismiss_variant'], variant['display_name']))
      action = '$unset'
  
  updated_variant = self.variant_collection.find_one_and_update(
      {'_id': variant['_id']},
      {action: {'dismiss_variant': dismiss_variant}},
      return_document=pymongo.ReturnDocument.AFTER
  )
  LOG.debug("Variant updated")
  
  return updated_variant
7747	Update the ACMG classification for a variant in the database, create an event, and log the change
7748	Constructs a dictionary with variant IDs, including simple_id, variant_id, display_name, and document_id, based on input parameters.
7749	def parse_simple_id(chrom, pos, ref, alt):
    concat chrom, pos, ref, alt with '_' separator to create simple human-readable variant id
7750	Generate an MD5 hash key from the given variant parameters.
7751	The method `convert` takes a `context` and `panel` as input, converts the panel from HGNC symbols to HGNC IDs, and outputs the new panel with the specified headers.
7752	This function generates a new variant ID by combining details from a variant object and a family ID using a helper function `parse_document_id`.
7753	Returns the number of cases for a given institute_id. Uses a query to filter and counts the cases in the case_collection. If institute_id is None, returns the total number of cases. Logs the query before executing the count.
7754	Updates a case's dynamic gene list by adding a list of dictionaries with HGNC symbol, ID, and description. Fetches gene data from collections based on provided HGNC symbols or IDs. Returns the updated case.
7755	Retrieves a single case from the database using either case_id or a combination of institute_id and display_name. Returns a Case object.
7756	Deletes a case from the database based on the provided case_id or institute_id and display_name.
7757	Add a case to the database, raising an exception if the case already exists.
7758	Replaces an existing case with a new one, keeping the object ID. Updates the `updated_at` timestamp and returns the updated case.
7759	Update the case ID for a case in the database, including suspects, causatives, ACMG classifications, and events. Return the updated case object.
7760	Submit evaluation to database by creating evaluation object with variant, user, institute, case details, criteria, and classification. Load evaluation and update ACMG classification.
7761	Retrieves all evaluations for a given variant, sorted by creation date in descending order.
7762	Parse and merge transcript information from multiple lines or a DataFrame, storing it in a dictionary with enstid as the key.
7763	Parse a dataframe containing Ensembl gene information and yield a dictionary with gene details, filtering out rows without HGNC information.
7764	Parses an Ensembl transcript result into a dictionary.
7765	Parse an ensembl-formatted line to extract relevant gene information.
7766	def parse_ensembl_genes(lines): Parse a Biomart ensembl dump and yield Gene objects. Each line represents a gene with a header line as the first entry.
7767	Parses lines of ensembl formatted exons, yielding dictionaries with relevant information, recalculating start and end positions based on UTR regions if necessary.
7768	Parses a dataframe containing ensembl exon information, yields a dictionary for each exon with recalculated start and end positions considering UTR regions.
7769	Sets up logging with an optional file and console handler, formats messages, and allows specifying the log level.
7770	Converts a tab-separated OMIM line into a dictionary with column headers as keys.
7771	Reads OMIM morbid lines and yields parsed data.
7772	Parse genemap file to collect phenotype information keyed by mim number.
7773	Parse OMIM files.
7774	Converts a string to an integer or float if possible, otherwise returns None.
7775	Return a formatted month as a table with context and rendering.
7776	The method `formatday` sets up HTML elements for a calendar day, including classes, URLs, and anchor tags.
7777	Returns a table row with a formatted month name and "Today" button.
7778	Populates variables for popover content, including date, venue, description, and event URL.
7779	This function, `get_panel_info`, takes in various parameters representing information about a gene panel and a list of lines from a panel file. It initializes a dictionary with the provided information. If `panel_lines` are provided, it iterates through the lines to update the dictionary with any relevant metadata fields starting with '##'. It then calls `get_date` on the 'date' field and returns the updated dictionary.
7780	Parse a gene line with information from a panel file and return a dictionary with gene details. Extract essential fields such as HGNC ID, symbol, transcripts, inheritance models, mosaicism, reduced penetrance, and database entry version.
7781	Parse a file with genes and return the hgnc ids.
7782	Parse gene panel from file or provided genes and return gene panel dictionary.
7783	### Show all diseases in the database
7784	Update HPO terms in the database by fetching the latest release and replacing existing terms.
7785	Retrieve list of users and institutes. Calculate total events. For each user, find institutes and event count. Rank events. Return sorted users and total events.
7786	This method `parse_conservations` takes a variant dictionary as an input and returns a dictionary containing conservation scores. It uses helper function `parse_conservation` to fetch conservation scores for 'gerp', 'phast', and 'phylop' from the variant dictionary.
7787	```
Get conservation prediction from variant dictionary.

Args:
    variant (dict): Variant dictionary
    info_key (str): Information key

Returns:
    conservations (list): List of conservation terms
```
7788	Gathers general information about cases, including total count, types by phenotype, causative mutations, pinned cases, cohort cases, and pedigree distribution. Filters cases by institute ID and slice query.
7789	Return a dictionary of case groups, each with a status, count, and percentage of total cases, based on the provided parameters and filtering conditions.
7790	Returns a JSON response by converting the context to JSON and including response headers.
7791	Retrieve year and month from kwargs or querystring, adjust by net, validate, return results.
7792	Check if any events are cancelled on a given date. If a cancelled event is found, append ' (CANCELLED)' to its title.
7793	Fetch and return a specific HPO term by ID from the database.
7794	Retrieve HPO terms based on query, hpo_term, or text, with optional limit. Returns cursor of matching terms.
7795	Returns the disease term object for a given disease identifier (either a number or a string) by querying the disease_term_collection.
7796	Obtains disease terms associated with a given HGNC ID, or all disease terms if no ID is provided. Returns a list of matching disease terms.
7797	Load a disease term into the database, raise an IntegrityError if it already exists.
7798	Generates a sorted list of HpoGene namedtuples. Each namedtuple consists of a HGNC ID and the count of HPO terms associated with it. The list is sorted by the count in descending order.
7799	Load data from an HDF5 file into a Filterbank instance, optionally filtering by frequency and time. If load_data is False, only metadata is loaded.
7800	Define frequency axis based on start and stop frequencies, or use defaults. Calculate indices, adjust for reverse order, and return indices and frequency array.
7801	### Summary:
Define time axis based on start and stop times or defaults, calculate timestamps, and return integration indices and count.
7802	### read_filterbank reads滤波器数据从文件并填充到Filterbank实例

该方法从指定文件名读取滤波器银行数据，并填充到Filterbank实例中。它会处理频率和时间范围的过滤，以及二进制数据的读取和处理。如果数据量过大，会提示用户使用Waterfall类代替。
7803	if self.header[b'telescope_id'] == 6, self.coords = gbt_coords; if == 4, self.coords = parkes_coords; otherwise, raise RuntimeError. if HAS_SLALIB, calculate LST using SLALIB functions and return; otherwise, raise RuntimeError.
7804	Identify and replace DC values in coarse channels with the median of values within a specified range.
7805	Prints header information, converting values to specific units and formatting timestamps.
7806	Sets up plotting edges based on frequency and time ranges, with an option to use Modified Julian Date (MJD) time.
7807	Plots a waterfall of data with optional frequency and time limits, log scaling, colorbar, and custom matplotlib parameters.
7808	def plot_time_series(self, f_start=None, f_stop=None, if_id=0, logged=True, orientation='h', MJD_time=False, **kwargs):
    Plots a time series with optional frequency range, logarithmic scaling, and orientation options. Handles data binning, time axis calculation, and plotting with matplotlib imshow(). Adjusts for MJD time format and plot orientation.
7809	Writes data to a Blimpy filterbank file with specified output filename. Prints a warning recommending Waterfall for standard format. Determines data type based on header, then writes header and data to file in binary format.
7810	Calibrate band pass by dividing data by the median of each frequency channel.
7811	Converts data to a coarser resolution by averaging over specified channels
7812	def apply_Mueller(I,Q,U,V, gain_offsets, phase_offsets, chan_per_coarse, feedtype='l'):
Receives arrays of Stokes parameters and calibration offsets, applies Mueller matrix transformations based on feedtype, and returns corrected Stokes parameters.
7813	Calibrates Stokes parameters for an observation using a noise diode measurement. Reads input filterbank files, calculates gain and phase offsets, applies these offsets to the observation data, and writes the calibrated data to new files. Optionally writes all calibrated Stokes parameters to a single file or four separate files for I, Q, U, and V.
7814	Function fracpols processes a rawspec cross polarization .fil file and calculates and returns fractional linear and circular polarizations based on Stokes parameters I, Q, U, V, and L.
7815	Writes two new filterbank files with fractional linear and circular polarization data by processing input str and str_I with fracpols and Waterfall functions.
7816	Find the index of the closest value in `xarr` to `val`
7817	Rebins data by averaging bins together across specified dimensions.
7818	def unpack(data, nbit):
    """Upgrade data from nbits to 8bits, handling specific cases for nbit=1,2,4"""
    if nbit > 8 or 8 % nbit != 0:
        raise ValueError("Invalid nbit value")
    if data.dtype not in (np.uint8, np.int8):
        raise TypeError("Invalid data dtype")
    if nbit == 8:
        return data
    elif nbit == 4:
        return unpack_4to8(data)
    elif nbit == 2:
        return unpack_2to8(data)
    elif nbit == 1:
        return unpack_1to8(data)
7819	def get_diff(dio_cross,feedtype,**kwargs):
    Calculates Stokes parameters ON-OFF differences from cross-polarized noise diode data.
7820	Plots the uncalibrated full Stokes spectrum of a noise diode. If diff=True, plots ON-OFF difference; if False, plots both ON and OFF spectra. Uses kwargs for additional options.
7821	Plots corrected noise diode spectrum after applying inverse Mueller matrix to electronics chain data.
7822	Plots the gain offsets and power spectra of X and Y feeds from a dataset.
7823	Open and read a HDF5 or filterbank file, returning a Reader instance.
7824	Sets and validates time and frequency selection ranges, ensuring they are within file limits and adjusting if necessary.
7825	Calculate the size of data of interest by determining the number of integrations and frequency channels requested, then multiplying by the number of bytes per data point.
7826	Calculate the shape of data of interest based on integration times and frequency channels.
7827	Calculate channel indices based on start and stop frequencies, ensuring they are within valid range.
7828	Updating frequency borders based on channel values and sign of foff
7829	Populates time axis based on header information and integration ranges. If `update_header` is True, returns only the start time. Otherwise, returns an array of timestamps.
7830	Determine the starting frequency based on the header 'foff' and 'fbegin' values. Set up the channels. Create a frequency array using a range of channel indices and the calculated starting frequency. Return the frequency array.
7831	Calculates the number of coarse channels in a file based on channel bandwidth or number of channels. Converts bandwidth to number of coarse channels if provided, or checks if the number of channels is a power of 2048 for supported instruments. Uses cached file header data for telescope and channel information.
7832	Calculates the number of blobs that fit within a given selection shape based on the blob dimensions.
7833	Check if the current selection size exceeds the maximum allowed size.
7834	Reads data within specified frequency and time ranges, handles large selections by warning and skipping full data load, converts frequencies to channel numbers, updates frequency ranges, loads binary data in chunks, and handles byte order adjustments.
7835	def read_all(self,reverse=True):
    """ Read all data. Flip x-axis if reverse=True. Not implemented. """
7836	Reads a block of data from a file, reshapes into a 2D numpy array, and optionally reverses the data along the x-axis.
7837	Reads data from a container within specified ranges and loads it into the instance.
7838	Updates the header with the start frequency, number of coarse channels, and start time from the selection, adjusting for frequency offset.
7839	Prints header and selection information, including file and selection shapes, frequency range, and date/time values formatted as hours and degrees.
7840	Writes data to a .fil file, updating the header and choosing between heavy or light writing based on container size. Logs conversion time.
7841	Write data to HDF5 file. Check file size and use appropriate write method. Time conversion duration and log result.
7842	Write data to HDF5 file in one go with optional compression.
7843	Sets blob dimensions, aiming for a size of around 1024 MiB while avoiding multiple blobs in a single time bin.
7844	Determines chunk dimensions based on file type and header values.
7845	Grabs data by frequency range. Takes start and stop frequencies in MHz, optional timestamps, and IF input ID. Returns frequency axis and data subset.
7846	Command line tool for plotting and viewing info on guppi raw files. Parses arguments for filename and output directory, then creates a GuppiRaw object. Prints stats and plots histogram and spectrum to specified or default output directory.
7847	Reads the first header in the file, parses it into a dictionary, and returns it. Restarts file read position at the beginning.
7848	Count the number of data blocks in a file by reading headers and checking block sizes until the end of the file is reached.
7849	Reads next data block, converts to float32, and prints average, standard deviation, maximum, and minimum values.
7850	Plot a histogram of data values. Read data, convert to float32, plot with 65 bins, custom color, and optional save to file.
7851	```python
def generate_filterbank_header(self, nchans=1):
    """Generate a blimpy header dictionary"""
    gp_head = self.read_first_header()
    fb_head = {}
    telescope_str = gp_head.get("TELESCOP", "unknown")
    if telescope_str in ('GBT', 'GREENBANK'):
        fb_head["telescope_id"] = 6
    elif telescope_str in ('PKS', 'PARKES'):
        fb_head["telescop_id"] = 7
    else:
        fb_head["telescop_id"] = 0

    fb_head["source_name"] = gp_head.get("SRC_NAME", "unknown")
    fb_head["az_start"] = gp_head.get("AZ", 0)
    fb_head["za_start"] = gp_head.get("ZA", 0)
    fb_head["src_raj"] = Angle(str(gp_head.get("RA", 0.0)) + "hr")
    fb_head["src_dej"] = Angle(str(gp_head.get("DEC", 0.0)) + "deg")
    fb_head["rawdatafile"] = self.filename

    fb_head["machine_id"] = 20
    fb_head["
7852	Function finds header size in a filterbank file by reading a portion and locating the 'HEADER_END' marker.
7853	```
A command-line tool to compare the contents of two .fil files by calculating and comparing their md5 checksums, while preserving their headers.
```
7854	Converts GUPPI raw files to HDF5 format by reading multiple raw files, concatenating their data into a single HDF5 dataset, and optionally compressing the data.
7855	Folds a 2D data array into time-averaged spectra of ON and OFF measurements due to flickering noise diode. Calculates time samples per diode switch and averages data accordingly. Returns mean spectra and optionally index ranges of ON and OFF states based on function arguments.
7856	def integrate_calib(name,chan_per_coarse,fullstokes=False,**kwargs):
Folds Stokes I noise diode data and integrates along coarse channels.
7857	Given calibrator source properties, this method calculates the fluxes of the source in specified frequency ranges, either for each channel or using a single average value.
7858	Computes the central frequency of each coarse channel by averaging the frequency values in each coarse channel.
7859	Calculate f_ON and f_OFF using equations from van Straten et al. 2012 by integrating noise diode spectra (H and L) from ON and OFF observations of the calibrator source.
7860	Calculate the coarse channel spectrum and system temperature of the noise diode in Jy using two noise diode measurements ON and OFF a calibrator source with the same frequency and time resolution.
7861	Calculates frequency-dependent system temperature using calibration observations and fluxes.
7862	Calibrate Stokes I fluxes using noise diode measurements. Given the path to the main observation and diagonal observation, along with their respective noise diode spectra and system temperatures, the function determines the calibration factors and applies them to the main observation data. If full Stokes parameters are used, the data is converted to Stokes I before calibration. The results are saved in a new filterbank file with the suffix ".fluxcal".
7863	Open file in binary mode, read 512 bytes at a time, find 'HEADER_END', calculate header length in bytes.
7864	Open file in binary mode, check for 'HEADER_START' keyword in the header; return True if found, else False.
7865	Reads a Filterbank header, finds the index of a keyword, determines its datatype, generates a new string value, and writes it back to the file.
7866	Generates a serialized Sigproc header from a Filterbank object, including special handling for source RA/DEC and start azimuth/zenith angles.
7867	Converts astropy.Angle to sigproc angle format string
7868	Calculate the number of integrations in a file by reading its header, determining the number of bytes per datum, and then computing the total number of integrations based on the number of channels, integration factors, and file size.
7869	Converts a Traceback object into a dictionary representation, including the frame, line number, and next traceback in the chain.
7870	Create a subparser for a given DNS record type, adding arguments for name, TTL, and type-specific fields based on provided specifications.
7871	Make an ArgumentParser for DNS RRs with subparsers for $ORIGIN, $TTL, and various RR types.
7872	Remove comments from zonefile lines. Split text by lines, serialize and tokenize each line, skip empty lines, and join the processed lines back into a string.
7873	Ensure each line of text has a name defined; use '@' if none is present.
7874	Split line into token, parse using parser, handle TTL and errors. Extract record data, clean fields, update parsed records, handle special cases. Return updated records or raise InvalidLineException on error.
7875	Parses a zonefile into a dictionary, handling invalid lines based on the `ignore_invalid` flag.
7876	Parse zonefile text into a dictionary, removing comments, flattening, removing class, adding default name, and handling invalid lines based on the ignore_invalid flag.
7877	Quote a field in a list of DNS records by enclosing its value in double quotes and escaping semicolons. Return the modified records.
7878	Converts an AVSC schema string to a PySchema class.
7879	This function generates a Python package from a collection of classes, organizing them into modules based on their namespace hierarchy. It uses `PackageBuilder` to handle the creation of the package structure, import statements, and indentation. The function accepts parameters for the classes, target folder, optional parent package for import statements, and indentation level.
7880	Generates Python source code for a class based on a schema. Includes class name, namespace (if available), and field definitions. Uses indentation for better readability.
7881	Disables automatic registration of records in the auto_store and provides a decorator to re-enable it after class definition.
7882	def to_json_compatible(record): Convert record to json-encodable format by serializing fields.
7883	Create a Record instance from a JSON-compliant dictionary, optionally using a Record store and schema for lookups and validation.
7884	### Summary:
This method deserializes a JSON string into a Record instance. It accepts a JSON string and optional parameters for a record store, schema, loader function, and record class. If provided, `record_class` overrides `schema` and is deprecated. The method checks if the input is a JSON string, parses it, and loads it into a Record instance using `load_json_dct`. If the input is not a JSON, it raises a ParseError.
7885	Adds a record class to the record store for retrieval at load time. Can be used as a class decorator. Handles namespacing and ensures unique class names are stored.
7886	Retrieves a record by name from a map, returning a full match if found. If no full match, returns a record that matches the last part of the name. Raises KeyError if no matching record is found.
7887	Returns a dictionary with field definition details.
7888	def mixin(cls, mixin_cls): Adds methods from mixin_cls to cls.
7889	Create a PySchema class from cls, transferring methods and attributes. Use auto_store to control whether to automatically store or not.
7890	Converts a record object into a JSON schema dictionary, including properties, required fields, and schema type.
7891	Return a root JSON schema for a given record, including the $schema attribute and sub-record schemas and definitions.
7892	Converts a file object with JSON-serialized pyschema records to a stream of pyschema objects.
7893	Writes JSON-serialized Records to a file object using a specified dumps function. Handles parse errors by printing to stderr and re-raising exceptions.
7894	Creates a new OrderedDict with a specified key-value pair added at the front, and updates it with the original dictionary's items without modifying the original.
7895	Method query_string sets a query string for collection searches and returns a SearchResult object.
7896	Sends a list of filters to the API and returns a SearchResult object.
7897	Reloads the collection with specified attributes, creates Entity instances, then reloads and returns them.
7898	Retrieves an entity from a given href. If the href matches the current collection, returns an Entity. If not, attempts to find the correct collection and returns an Entity from it. Raises ValueError if the href is malformed.
7899	Returns another quote character from a predefined list, or raises ValueError if none are available.
7900	Escapz a value for filtering, ensuring it's a string and properly quoted, handling special cases with multiple quotes.
7901	Constructs an elementary rotation matrix for rotation around the x, y, or z-axis by the specified angle in radians.
7902	Constructs a 6x6 covariance matrix from astrometric parameter uncertainties and their correlations, parallax, radial velocity, and radial velocity error.
7903	Calculate radial velocity error from V-band magnitude and spectral type using a calibration floor and coefficients.
7904	Calculate parallax error from source magnitude and colour. Input is command line arguments. Output includes G, V, (V-I), (G-V), and standard error in muas.
7905	Calculate the G-band photometric standard error, accounting for a 20% margin, using a function of G-band magnitude.
7906	def gMagnitudeErrorEoM(G, nobs=70):
  Calculate the end of mission photometric standard error in the G band, considering a 20% margin based on the number of observations.
7907	Make a plot of photometry performance predictions for different bands.
7908	Computes average number of transits across Gaia focal plane based on input Ecliptic latitude values.
7909	Calculate the angular distance between two sky coordinates using their longitude and latitude in radians.
7910	Rotates Cartesian coordinates using the class's initialized rotation matrix.
7911	Converts sky coordinates (phi, theta) from one reference system to another using a rotation matrix, returning the transformed coordinates (phirot, thetarot).
7912	Rotate and transform the covariance matrix using a jacobian matrix based on phi and theta angles.
7913	Calculates numerical factors for scaling astrometric errors based on observable type and Ecliptic latitude. Uses lookup tables and handles both scalar and array inputs efficiently.
7914	Plots relative parallax errors vs distance for stars of specified spectral types using log-log scales, saves as PDF or PNG based on input arguments.
7915	Make a plot of radial velocity predictions with different star types.
7916	`either` returns a function that applies a series of functions to an input and returns the first truthy result. If all results are falsy, it returns `Null()`.
7917	Decorator to log helpful error messages for exceptions in Q expressions
7918	Converts a value to unicode, optionally adding quotes if it was a string.
7919	Applies each function to each item in the collection, returning a new Collection with the results. If multiple functions are provided, the result is a tuple of the functions' outputs for each item.
7920	Returns a new Collection excluding items where the provided function returns Truthy. If no function is provided, truthy items are removed.
7921	Returns a new Collection with items that return True when passed to the provided function, or false-y items if no function is provided.
7922	Return a new Collection with items removed from the start where func returns False.
7923	Removes elements from a collection until a condition is true.
7924	Zips multiple sequences of equal length and returns a new collection with the zipped items.
7925	Find a single descendant Node that matches the specified criteria. Returns NullNode if no match is found. Supports searching by tag name, class, function, or attribute value.
7926	Return potential IACA installation paths based on operating system.
7927	Iterate through a string, yielding individual characters and ranges of characters. Ranges are defined by a dash ('-') between two characters. For example, 'a-f' would yield 'a' to 'f', including non-alphanumeric characters like '0B-A1'.
7928	Expands regular expression patterns for register groups, generating all possible combinations.
7929	function to create LIKWID event string from event tuple or keyword args
7930	Compiles minimal runs for events, eliminating duplicates and scheduling events by register availability.
7931	Generates a human-readable report of analysis outcomes, including detailed information based on verbosity settings and identifying the system's bottleneck (CPU or memory).
7932	Gathers model results, prints human-readable report to specified output file based on verbosity level. Includes CPU performance, memory bottlenecks, IACA analysis, and identify bottleneck type (CPU, cache, or memory-bound).
7933	Generate a human-readable report of a model's results. If verbose mode is high enough, print detailed results using `pprint`. For each dimension, list layer conditions and cache information. Print whether each cache is unconditionally fulfilled or the logical conditions under which it is fulfilled.
7934	Strips comments and macros from source code based on specified parameters.
7935	Round a float to the next multiple of a specified base.
7936	Split list of integers into blocks of block_size and return block indices, considering initial_boundary.
7937	Updates self.results with cache statistics from the predictor.
7938	### Summary:
Calculate performance model cycles from cache stats. Iterate through memory hierarchy, calculate cycles for each cache level, and update results with memory bandwidth and penalties.
7939	Run analysis, calculate cache access and cycles, sum flops, and return results.
7940	def analyze(self):
    Runs complete IACA analysis, normalizes results, and compiles essential information into a dictionary.
7941	Remove whitespace and comments from assembly lines.
7942	Remove labels that are never referenced from assembly code.
7943	finding the best block from a list based on packed instructions and other operational statistics
7944	Let user select a byte increment for a block interactively.
7945	def userselect_block(blocks, default=None, debug=False):
    """Displays block information and allows user to select a block by index."""
    # Iterates through blocks, printing details for each
    for idx, block in blocks:
        print(f"{idx} {block['labels']:>12} | {block['ops']:>3} | {block['packed_instr']:>4} | {block['avx_instr']:>3} | "
              f"{block['regs'][0]:>3} ({block['regs'][1]:>3}) | {block['ZMM'][0]:>3} ({block['ZMM'][1]:>2}) | "
              f"{block['YMM'][0]:>3} ({block['YMM'][1]:>2}) | {block['XMM'][0]:>3} ({block['XMM'][1]:>2}) | "
              f"{block['GP'][0]:>2} ({block['GP'][1]:>2}) || {block['pointer_increment']:>5} |")
        if debug:
            print("Code:")
            for line_number, line in enumerate(block['lines'], start=block['first_line']):
                print(f"
7946	Insert IACA markers into ASM instructions at specified indices.
7947	Add IACA markers to an assembly file based on specified parameters.
7948	### Summary:
```python
def main():
    """Parse command line arguments and call IACA instrumentation function."""
    # Set up argument parser for command line options
    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser(description='Find and analyze basic loop blocks and mark for IACA.')
    parser.add_argument('--version', action='version', version='%(prog)s 0.1')
    parser.add_argument('source', type=argparse.FileType(), nargs='?', default=sys.stdin, help='assembly file to analyze (default: stdin)')
    parser.add_argument('--outfile', '-o', type=argparse.FileType('w'), nargs='?', default=sys.stdout, help='output file location (default: stdout)')
    parser.add_argument('--debug', action='store_true', help='Output internal analysis information for debugging.')

    # Parse arguments and call IACA instrumentation function with specified options
    args = parser.parse_args()
    iaca_instrumentation(input_file=args.source, output_file=args.outfile, block_selection='manual', pointer_increment=1, debug=args.debug)
```
7949	```python
def simulate(kernel, model, define_dict, blocking_constant, blocking_length):
    """Setup and execute model with given blocking length."""
    kernel.clear_state()
    for k, v in define_dict.items():
        kernel.set_constant(k, v)
    kernel.set_constant(blocking_constant, blocking_length)
    model.analyze()
    return sum(cy for dscr, cy in model.results['cycles'])
```
7950	generates evenly spaced numbers over an interval, either linearly or log-linearly, and yields them one at a time
7951	Find and return the latest modification time of any file in a directory, converting it to a UTC datetime object.
7952	Ensure `--asm-block` is either 'auto', 'manual', or an integer. Set default unit based on the performance model requested.
7953	Initialize, parse, and validate command-line arguments before running business logic.
7954	Parses command line arguments for two pickle files, merges them into the destination file, and saves the result.
7955	```python
Create a function that generates a sympy.Symbol with positive and integer assumptions.
```
7956	Transforms a multidimensional array declaration into a single dimension by calculating the total size and updating the declaration in place. Returns the array name and list of dimensions.
7957	Replaces multidimensional array references in an AST with a single-dimensional reference, using a dictionary to map dimensions.
7958	Find and return nodes of a specific type in an AST, including nested nodes.
7959	def force_iterable(f): Decorator that ensures the result of function f is iterable by wrapping it in a list if it's not already.
7960	Checks if all variables in a kernel have the same datatype.
7961	Set constant value by name, ensuring name is a string or sympy.Symbol and value is an int, then store in constants dictionary with appropriate key.
7962	Substitutes constants in an expression unless it's a number, otherwise returns the expression unchanged.
7963	Return a dictionary of all array sizes, optionally converting to bytes and substituting constants.
7964	Calculate the offset from the iteration center in elements based on relative access dimensions.
7965	Remove duplicate accesses from `self.destinations` and `self.sources` by converting the lists of accesses to sets.
7966	Calculates the total number of iterations for loops in a given dimension or for all dimensions. If no dimension is specified, it returns the total number of iterations for all loops.
7967	Yield loop stack dictionaries with indices and loop bounds, optionally substituting constants.
7968	Return the order of indices in array references, filtered by sources and destinations.
7969	Function compiles sympy accesses for each variable, filtering by sources and destinations.
7970	This method calculates relative distances between memory accesses for each variable. It uses sympy expressions to simplify the differences between consecutive access addresses.
7971	This method translates a global iteration count into loop indices for each loop variable. It iterates over the loop stack in reverse, calculating the length and counter for each loop, and then returns a dictionary of lambda functions for converting the global iterator to loop indices. If a global iterator is provided, it attempts to resolve each loop index to an integer.
7972	return symbolic expression for global iterator based on loop stack
7973	Transforms dictionary of indices to global iterator integer.
7974	Return global iterator with last iteration number by mapping symbol positions to end-1 for each loop in the stack.
7975	def print_kernel_info(self, output_file=sys.stdout):
    """Prints kernel information in human-readable format, including loop stack, data sources, data destinations, and FLOPs."""
    tables = [
        ('     idx |        min        max       step', self._loop_stack, '{:>8} | {!r:>10} {!r:>10} {!r:>10}'),
        ('    name |  offsets   ...\n' + '---------+------------...', self.sources, '{:>8} | {!r}'),
        ('    name |  offsets   ...\n' + '---------+------------...', self.destinations, '{:>8} | {!r}'),
        (' op | count \n' + '----+-------', self._flops, '{:>3} | {:>4}')
    ]
    
    for title, data, format_str in tables:
        table = title + '\n' + '---------+---------------------------------\n'
        for item in list(data.items()):
            values = [str(v) for v in item]
            table += format_str.format(*values)
        print(prefix_indent(title.replace(':      ', ': '), table), file=output_file)

    print(prefix_indent('FLOPs:     ',
7976	Define a method to print variables information in a human-readable format.
7977	Prints constants information in a human-readable format to the specified output file or standard output.
7978	Prints kernel source code to specified output, defaulting to stdout.
7979	def conv_ast_to_sym(self, math_ast):
    "Convert mathematical expressions to sympy representation."
    if isinstance(math_ast, c_ast.ID):
        return symbol_pos_int(math_ast.name)
    elif isinstance(math_ast, c_ast.Constant):
        return sympy.Integer(math_ast.value)
    else:
        return {
            '*': operator.mul,
            '+': operator.add,
            '-': operator.sub
        }[math_ast.op](
            self.conv_ast_to_sym(math_ast.left),
            self.conv_ast_to_sym(math_ast.right)
        )
7980	This method `_get_offsets` takes an `ArrayRef` object and an optional dimension index, and returns a tuple of offsets in all dimensions, following C-code order. It checks for restrictions and converts the subscript to a sympy expression. If the reference is multi-dimensional, it recursively gets offsets for more dimensions. Finally, it reverses the order if it's the first call to preserve the original order.
7981	### Summary:
Recursively extracts the base name from an ArrayRef object, resolving nested references to the ultimate string identifier.
7982	Retrieves and verifies the index type used in a loop nest, raising an exception if the types differ.
7983	Generate constants declarations with optional initialization using user-provided index type.
7984	Returns list of array declarations from kernel AST.
7985	Retrieves the kernel loop nest by filtering for for-loops, pragmas, and function calls in the kernel AST's block items, asserting at least one for-loop is present.
7986	Generate and transform array declarations from kernel AST, converting multidimensional arrays to one-dimensional and optionally initializing with malloc. Returns a list of declarations and a dictionary mapping array names to original dimensions.
7987	Find the innermost for loop in a nested loop structure.
7988	Generate initialization statements for arrays by replacing array references with random float assignments in the innermost loop.
7989	Assumptions
7990	Builds a kernel function declaration with array, scalar, and const declarations as arguments, returning a FuncDecl object.
7991	Builds scalar variable declarations from a kernel AST, optionally initializing them with random values.
7992	Generate and return compilable kernel source code from AST, with optional OpenMP support and file saving.
7993	Gen and return kernel call AST with func call and expr list of array, scalar, and const decls.
7994	Generate compilable source code from AST, handling caching, code generation, and incorporating kernel-specific details.
7995	def iaca_analysis(self, micro_architecture, asm_block='auto', pointer_increment='auto_with_manual_fallback', verbose=False):
    """
    Run IACA analysis on an assembly block. Automatically selects the block and determines pointer increment.
    Returns analysis outcome and marked assembly block.
    """
7996	Compiles source to an executable with likwid capabilities, handling compiler args and environment variables.
7997	Converts a string to a sympy object, handling integers, lists, and symbols by replacing them with positive integer equivalents.
7998	Generate identifier using machine file name or SHA-256 checksum of data.
7999	Return current datetime or modified datetime of machine file based on the path.
8000	Return a cachesim.CacheSimulator object for a given machine description, considering the number of cores and scaling shared caches accordingly.
8001	Return the best fitting bandwidth based on cache level, read and write streams, and threads per core.
8002	Returns a tuple of compiler and compiler flags, prioritizing command-line args, then machine description file, and finally defaulting to the first available compiler in the system.
8003	Parse a performance counter event string into a tuple containing the event name, register specification, and optional parameters in a dictionary.
8004	Enforces no range overlaps by iterating through internal storage and adjusting ranges accordingly.
8005	Return the absolute path of the 'headers' directory relative to the current script.
8006	Aligns an iteration to cacheline boundary by either subtracting or adding offset based on the first element's offset and cache line size.
8007	Return the number of loaded cache lines per memory hierarchy level, normalized by a factor.
8008	Return a list of hit cache lines per memory hierarchy level by dividing the hit count by a factor.
8009	Get a list of missed cache lines per memory hierarchy level by dividing the 'MISS_count' by 'first_dim_factor' for each level.
8010	Returns a list of stored cache lines per memory hierarchy level, normalized by the first dimension factor.
8011	Return list of evicted cache lines per memory hierarchy level, normalized by first dimension factor.
8012	Retrieves verbose information about the predictor, including memory hierarchy and cache stats, and normalizes the data by a factor.
8013	Fix environment variable within context, restoring original value after execution.
8014	Configure argument parser with options to disable phenomenological ECM, set number of iterations, and ignore CPU model frequency warnings.
8015	Generates a human-readable report of analysis data to a specified output file, conditionally printing results based on verbosity levels.
8016	```markdown
def parse_description():
    """
    Read and parse the README.md file, extracting the purpose section and converting it to plain text for PyPI.
    """
```
8017	Schedule a retry using the specified countdown and maximum attempts from the config.
8018	Builds a Sailthru purchase item object with course details, handling title and tags as needed, and adding custom variables.
8019	Record a purchase in Sailthru using the provided parameters and handle exceptions and errors gracefully.
8020	Checks cache for course content, retrieves from Sailthru if not available or on error, and falls back to Ecommerce API if still not found.
8021	Get course information for a given course ID using the Ecommerce course API, return title and verification deadline, or empty if an error occurs.
8022	Update user's unenrolled list in Sailthru based on action (enroll/unenroll).
8023	Sends a course refund email using Sailthru. Configures email variables and attempts to send the email. Logs errors and retries if necessary.
8024	Sends an offer assignment notification email using Sailthru and handles retries on failures. Logs errors and retries based on error conditions. Returns the response from Sailthru client.
8025	```python
def get_logger_config(log_dir, logging_env, edx_filename, dev_env, debug, local_loglevel, service_variant):
    Configures and returns a dictionary for logging settings.
    If dev_env is True, logs to file; otherwise, uses rsyslogd.
```
8026	Retry with exponential backoff until fulfillment succeeds or the retry limit is reached. If the retry limit is exceeded, the exception is re-raised.
8027	Fulfills an order by making a request to an ecommerce API and handling potential errors, including retrying for failures.
8028	Returns a Sailthru client for a specified site, validating configuration and raising exceptions if necessary.
8029	Acquire a lock, check if the key exists. If expired, delete expired keys and return None. Otherwise, return the cached object. Release the lock.
8030	Acquire lock, save object with key and duration in cache, release lock
8031	Retrieves a configuration value by name, optionally applying a site-specific override if provided. Raises an error if the variable is not found.
8032	Get the configuration overrides filename from an environment variable, raise an error if the variable is not set.
8033	Receives a dictionary where keys are version tuples and returns the value corresponding to the highest version less than or equal to the current EnergyPlus version.
8034	checks if energy plus is installed, returns defined version if available, otherwise returns most recent version
8035	Prepares a dictionary of file references with constructors and path functions.
8036	Extracts JSON data, processes external files and records, and activates hooks, links, and external files for inert records.
8037	Retrieves all external file paths from tables in an object.
8038	This method iterates through all tables in a dictionary, checking each row for fields with default values that are currently null. If such fields exist, it sets them to their predefined default values.
8039	This function finishes initialization, setting extensible and cycle info by processing field descriptors and tags.
8040	def get_extended_name(self, index):
    field_descriptor = self.get_field_descriptor(index)
    if self.extensible_info is None:
        return field_descriptor.name
    cycle_start, cycle_len, _ = self.extensible_info
    cycle_num = (index - cycle_start) // cycle_len
    return field_descriptor.name.replace("1", str(cycle_num)) if field_descriptor.name is not None else None
8041	This method calculates short references for external files, avoiding manual registrations and un-registrations. It maps naive short references to their corresponding short refs, ensuring unique names by appending indices when necessary.
8042	Returns the first value of a specified column that matches a given filter criterion.
8043	Sets the value at the specified index in a table, handling de-registration of previous objects and special cases like None and external files.
8044	### Summary:

The `update` method simultaneously updates fields using either a dictionary (`data`) or keyword arguments (`or_data`). It first merges `or_data` into `data` if `data` is `None`. Then, it performs an "inert" update using `_update_inert`, followed by activating hooks, links, and external files through specific methods (`_dev_activate_hooks`, `_dev_activate_links`, `_dev_activate_external_files`).
8045	Iterates through fields, sets default values for empty fields if defined.
8046	This method adds fields to an extensible record without specifying field names or indexes. It checks if the record is extensible, prepares update data, and then updates the record with the new values.
8047	Removes a value from an extensible field at a specified index. Adjusts the remaining values to fill the gap. Returns the serialized value of the removed field.
8048	Inserts a value at a specified index in an extensible field, shifting subsequent values to the right.
8049	Deletes a record, unregistering links, hooks, and external files, and removing it from the table without full unregistration.
8050	Registers a hook for a record key, raising an error if the key already exists.
8051	Registers a link by checking record and table hooks, setting target, and storing it by source and target.
8052	def _create_regex(self, line, intent_name): Try compiling a regex pattern and return it, ignoring case. If an error occurs, log a warning and return None.
8053	Calculates the remaining duration for a recording by subtracting the maximum of the start time and given time from the end time, ensuring it does not go below zero.
8054	Serialize object to dictionary for JSON conversion
8055	Make an HTTP request to a specified URL, handling optional POST data and configuring SSL options based on server settings. Returns the response body.
8056	Get service endpoints for a given type from the Opencast ServiceRegistry. Makes an HTTP request, filters online and active services, logs each endpoint, and returns the list.
8057	Try to create a directory; ignore the error if it already exists.
8058	Retrieves a service's location from OpenCast, adding it to the configuration until successful or terminated.
8059	Registers a capture agent with the Matterhorn admin server, updating its status and URL unless in backup mode.
8060	Send recording status to Matterhorn core, unless in backup mode.
8061	Update the status of an event in the database based on its start time.
8062	is_online get_reported_state course_states

 Subtract 9
8063	If a configuration file path is provided, return it. Otherwise, check for './etc/pyca.conf', and if not found, return '/etc/pyca.conf'.
8064	Update configuration from file, validate, and set as global.
8065	def check(): Checks server configuration for security and agent backup mode. Warns if HTTPS checks are off, ensures certificate is readable, and logs backup mode status.
8066	Initialize logger with configured handlers and format.
8067	Serve the status page of the capture agent with preview images, event limits, and service statuses.
8068	Serves a preview image by constructing its path from configuration, replacing placeholders, and sending it if it exists; returns a 404 if not found.
8069	Starts services from the given modules in separate processes and waits for them to complete.
8070	This function parses an iCalendar file to extract event details, handling dates, attachments, and other properties.
8071	Loads schedule from Matterhorn core, handles errors, parses iCal, filters future events, and updates database.
8072	Main loop sets service to busy, sends ready notification, and continuously checks for updates. It retrieves the schedule, finds the next event, and notifies about it. If no event is found, it notifies accordingly. Waits for the next update interval before repeating. shuts down and sets service to stopped when terminated.
8073	Main loop updates agent state, notifies readiness and status, handles watching dog, and updates at specified frequency until termination, then shuts down service.
8074	Return a JSON API error response with the given error message and optional status code.
8075	def make_data_response(data, status=200):
    ''' Return a response with JSONAPI formatted data '''
    content = {'data': ensurelist(data)}
    return make_response(jsonify(content), status)
8076	Return a JSON response containing the internal state of services as metadata.
8077	functions serves JSON rep of events
8078	Retrieve an event by UID from a database, return it as JSON if found, or return an error if not found.
8079	Delete an event by UID, optionally deleting recorded files. Returns 204 if successful, 404 if event not found.
8080	Modify an event's details by UID using JSON data. Only recorded events can be modified. Validate input, update event attributes, and return updated event.
8081	Extract configuration parameters and workflow definition from properties.
8082	### Summary:
The `ingest` function processes a finished recording by:
1. Updating the service status and notifying the system.
2. Selecting a random ingest service.
3. Creating a new mediapackage.
4. Adding Dublin Core catalogs and tracks to the mediapackage.
5. Submitting the mediapackage for ingestion.
6. Updating the status after the ingestion completes.
8083	start_capture(upcoming_event): Initiates the capture process by creating necessary files, directories, and recording tracks. It updates the event status and service status accordingly during the recording and after.
8084	Returns a fragment with HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
8085	Returns list of unique `FragmentResource`s by order of first appearance.
8086	Converts fragment to a dictionary representation, including content, resources, JavaScript initialization function, version, and arguments.
8087	Creates a new Fragment object from a dictionary, initializing its properties with the values from the dictionary.
8088	Adds content to the fragment's body.
8089	Adds a resource with given text, MIME type, and placement to the fragment. If placement is not specified, it defaults to a value determined by the MIME type.
8090	Adds a resource URL for a Fragment, using default placement if not specified.
8091	Registers a JavaScript function for initializing resources, invoking it with a runtime object and DOM element. Optionally takes JSON arguments for initialization.
8092	Return a unicode string with HTML for "head" or "foot" placements of resources.
8093	Converts a resource object to its corresponding HTML tag based on mimetype and kind.
8094	Handles request for a fragment, rendering it to HTML or JSON based on the format specified.
8095	Renders a standalone page as an HTTP response for the specified fragment, returning an empty response if the fragment is None.
8096	Render a specified fragment to standalone HTML.
8097	```plaintext
Calculates q-values and FDR for a set of p-values using a threshold lambda.
Returns a DataFrame with additional statistics and the number of null and alternative hypotheses.
```
8098	Converts list or flattens n-dim array to 1-dim array if possible, with option to specify data type.
8099	Finds nearest q-values for given scores by matching with error table.
8100	Compute posterior probabilities for each chromatogram. For each group_id/peptide precursor, calculate hypotheses for all peaks being correct and the null hypothesis (all peaks are false). Use prior probability for the null hypothesis and normalize for the peak hypotheses. Returns probabilities for peak correctness and null hypothesis for all input entries.
8101	The function `final_err_table` generates artificial cutoff sample points based on a given range of cutoff values in a DataFrame. It first calculates the minimum and maximum cutoff values, adds a 5% margin to both ends, and then samples 51 points uniformly between the adjusted range. After finding the closest indices for these sampled values in the original DataFrame, it creates a new DataFrame with these sampled cutoffs, keeping only the relevant data.
8102	Generate a summary error table for q-values by finding the nearest matches in a DataFrame, removing duplicate hits, and selecting specific columns.
8103	Computes error statistics for target scores using decoy scores. Estimates pi0, computes p-values, q-values, and other metrics. Optionally computes local false discovery rate (LFDR) or posterior error probability (PEP). Returns a statistics table and pi0 estimation.
8104	```python
Finds the target score cutoff for a specified false discovery rate (FDR) using the qvalue method.
```
8105	This method, `score`, conducts semi-supervised learning and error-rate estimation for MS1, MS2, and transition-level data. It takes various parameters for classifier settings, XGBoost configuration, and other statistical methods. The method distinguishes between applying weights or not, and runs the appropriate PyProphet learner or applier based on that flag.
8106	Infer peptidoforms after scoring MS1, MS2, and transition-level data.
8107	def peptide(infile, outfile, context, parametric, pfdr, pi0_lambda, pi0_method, pi0_smooth_df, pi0_smooth_log_pi0, lfdr_truncate, lfdr_monotone, lfdr_transformation, lfdr_adj, lfdr_eps):
    If no outfile is provided, set it to infile.
    Call infer_peptides with the given parameters.
8108	}}""
if outfile is None, set it to infile; otherwise, keep it as is. call infer_proteins with provided parameters.
""""]}
8109	Subsample an OpenSWATH file based on a given ratio and write the output to a specified or default file.
8110	Reduces a scored PyProphet file to a minimum for global scoring, with an optional output file.
8111	Backpropagate multi-run peptide and protein scores to single files
8112	Filter sqMass files based on peptide counts in precursor, peakgroup, and transition stages.
8113	def get_group_by_id(self, group_id):
    """
    Fetches and returns a restclients.Group object for the specified group ID.
    """
    self._valid_group_id(group_id)
    url = f"{self.API}/group/{group_id}"
    data = self._get_resource(url)
    return self._group_from_json(data["data"])
8114	Creates a group using the provided Group object.
8115	Deletes a group by group ID.
8116	Retrieves group members by ID, validates group ID, constructs URL, fetches data, and converts JSON to objects.
8117	**Summary:** Updates group membership for a given group ID, returns a list of members not found.
8118	Returns the count of effective members for a group based on its ID by making API request.
8119	This method checks whether a given netid is a member of a specified group. It strips the '@washington.edu' part from the netid for UW users, constructs a URL to query the group's effective members, and then makes a GET request to that URL. If the request returns a 200 status, the method returns True indicating the netid is a member. If the request returns a 404 status, it returns False indicating the netid is not in the group. For any other status, it raises the exception.
8120	Modify Sphinx configuration to include custom extensions and change the theme to read-the-docs.
8121	### Summary:

The `create_dataset` method creates a group with three datasets (`data`, `indices`, `indptr`) to represent a sparse array in an HDF5 file. It handles different cases: when `data` is a `Dataset`, when `data` is a sparse matrix, and when `data` is `None` but `sparse_format` is specified. The method sets attributes and datasets accordingly and returns a `Dataset` object.
8122	Decrypts input from stdin, checks encryption type, decrypts with AES256CBC if supported, and writes output to stdout. Raises error for unsupported encryption types.
8123	Returns a file-like object based on the optional os_path and optionally skips a configured sub-command. If the object has a stdout attribute, returns that; otherwise, returns the object itself.
8124	Returns file-like object for stdout, optionally skipping sub-command.
8125	Returns a file-like object for stderr, optionally using a specific path and skipping a configured sub-command.
8126	Returns a debug-output-suitable file-like object from a specified path, optionally skipping a sub-command.
8127	A context manager that yields a stdin-suitable file-like object. It optionally skips any configured sub-command filter and handles file closing and waiting.
8128	A context manager that yields a stdout-suitable file-like object based on an optional path and an option to skip a sub-command. It handles closing the file and calling a callback if a disk is closed.
8129	A context manager for stderr with the option to skip sub-commands and handle disk closure.
8130	A context manager that yields a debug file-like object based on optional parameters. It manages the opening and closing of the file, skips sub-commands if specified, and calls a callback when the file is closed.
8131	Deletes all objects and containers in the account. Requires setting `yes_empty_account` to True to confirm the action. Performs a single pass unless `until_empty` is True, in which case it may run indefinitely until the account is fully empty. Error handling includes ignoring 404 errors if specified. Uses `cli_delete` to delete individual items.
8132	Deletes objects in a container, optionally repeating until empty.
8133	Decorator to convert a file keyword argument to a valid file object, defaulting to sys.stdout if not provided.
8134	Decorator to conditionally set the file argument for a function based on input or default to sys.stderr.
8135	Writes an error message to a specified file, the io_manager's stderr, or sys.stderr.
8136	print_help method outputs help information to a specified file if provided, or to the io_manager's stdout if available, or to sys.stdout if none.
8137	Writes usage information to specified file, io_manager's stdout, or sys.stdout.
8138	Prints version information to specified file, or io_manager's stdout if available, or sys.stdout.
8139	Performs a direct HTTP request to the Swift service with specified method, path, contents, and optional parameters for headers, decoding, streaming, query parameters, and CDN usage. Raises an exception indicating the method is not implemented.
8140	posts an account with additional headers, query parameters, and CDN management option; returns HTTP status, reason, headers, and contents
8141	Delete account using DELETE request with optional parameters.
8142	Deletes a container and returns the results. This is usually done to delete existing containers.
8143	HEADs the object and returns the results, handling custom headers and query parameters.
8144	GETs an object from a specified container, returns HTTP status, reason, headers, and contents.
8145	The `put_object` method sends a PUT request to create or overwrite an object in a Swift storage container. It accepts parameters for the container name, object name, contents, headers, query parameters, and CDN flag. The method returns the HTTP status, reason, headers, and contents of the response.
8146	POSTs an object to a container, updating its headers. Requires all headers in the request. Existing headers are removed. Returns status, reason, headers, and contents.
8147	Sets an option value in options based on the given option_name and section_name, using values from options, os.environ, or self.context.conf in that order.
8148	Returns a shallow copy of the CLIContext instance.
8149	Writes headers to a file-like object, optionally muting specified headers.
8150	Authenticates user and outputs various authentication details.
8151	Generates a TempURL with the requested method, URL, and expiration time, signed with the provided key.
8152	Converts a value to UTF-8 encoded bytes, then URL encodes it, protecting specified safe characters.
8153	Issues commands for each item in an account or container listing, handling pagination and concurrency.
8154	Gets a client from a queue or creates a new one if none are available.
8155	Encrypts content using AES 256 in CBC mode, yielding IV, ciphertext, and padding.
8156	Generator that decrypts an AES 256-CBC encrypted stream from `stdin`. Uses SHA-256 to derive a key, reads and validates the IV, and yields decrypted data in chunks. Handles padding and checks for errors.
8157	Performs a PUT operation on a directory structure rooted at a given path on a server, using the Swift API. It recursively uploads all directories and files within the input directory.
8158	Performs a PUT request on the account using the provided context, handling input and errors appropriately.
8159	The `cli_put_container` function performs a PUT operation on a container using the provided context. It validates the input path, reads the body from standard input or a file, makes the PUT request, and handles the response. If the status code is not 2xx, it raises an exception with the error details.
8160	Returns manifest file body and modifies put_headers based on context/static_segments, path2info, and put_headers.
8161	Creates a container for file segments, constructs a prefix using the container name, path, last modification time, and size, and returns the prefix.
8162	Generates a TempURL and sends it to context.io_manager's stdout.
8163	Writes x_trans_id and related info to context.io_manager's stdout
8164	def cli_help(context, command_name, general_parser, command_parsers):
    
    Adjusts 'for' to 'fordo'. Outputs general help or specific command help based on command_name. Raises error if command_name is unknown.
8165	Reads one byte to check if a file is empty; updates buffer if not empty.
8166	Encrypts input from context.io_manager's stdin using AES256CBC and writes the encrypted output to stdout.
8167	Get the commit status from a repository using its SHA.
8168	Fetches data for a given pull request using the GitHub API.
8169	def get_pull_requests(app, repo_config): Fetches the last 30 pull requests from a repository. Raises an exception if the request fails. Returns a generator of pull request data.
8170	sets `is_published` to `True` for all instances of `SliderItemTitle` in the `hero_slider` app and saves them
8171	Returns published slider items sorted by position, optionally limited by amount.
8172	Renders the hero slider by fetching published SliderItem objects ordered by position and returning them as a list.
8173	Acquire locks to read, increment reader count, and release locks.
8174	Acquire lock, decrement reader count, release access if no readers, release lock.
8175	Acquire the write lock by first acquiring `_order_mutex`, then `_access_mutex`, and finally releasing `_order_mutex`.
8176	Adds a task to the registry with a unique task_id, raises an error if the task_id already exists.
8177	Remove a task from the registry using its identifier. Raises NotFoundError if the task is not found. Logs a debug message upon successful removal.
8178	Retrieve a task from the registry using task_id. Raises NotFoundError if the task is not found. Uses a read lock for thread safety.
8179	Acquire read lock, extract task list, sort by task ID, release lock, return sorted list
8180	Returns a dictionary representing the configuration of the task object by collecting its properties.
8181	Creates a configuration object from a dictionary, initializing it with key-value pairs. Raises ValueError if invalid parameters are found.
8182	Executes a Perceval job using RQ, handling retries and archiving if supported.
8183	Initializes the archive manager with the given path, validating that the path is not empty.
8184	```python
Runs the backend with given parameters, storing fetched items in a Redis queue. Resumes execution if specified, using the last saved state. Handles fetching from an archive if archiving is enabled. Raises exceptions during execution. Tracks job progress and updates result accordingly.
```
8185	Execute backend of Perceval using given arguments, fetch items with or without archive based on parameter value. Returns iterator of items fetched, raises AttributeError if required parameters not found.
8186	def create_index(idx_url, clean=False):
        """Configure the index to work with"""
        try:
            r = requests.get(idx_url)
        except requests.exceptions.ConnectionError:
            raise ElasticSearchError("Error connecting to Elastic Search (index: %s)" % idx_url)

        if r.status_code != 200:
            if r.status_code == 404:
                try:
                    r = requests.put(idx_url)
                    if r.status_code == 200:
                        logger.info("Index %s created", idx_url)
                        return True
                    else:
                        logger.info("Can't create index %s (%s)", idx_url, r.status_code)
                except Exception as e:
                    raise ElasticSearchError("Error creating Elastic Search index %s" % idx_url) from e
            elif clean:
                requests.delete(idx_url)
                r = requests.put(idx_url)
                logger.info("Index deleted and created (index: %s)", idx_url)
                return True
        return False
8187	Create a mapping for an Elasticsearch index by sending a PUT request to the appropriate URL. Convert the mapping dictionary to a JSON string. Handle potential connection errors and invalid responses. Log errors and re-raise exceptions as needed.
8188	Custom JSON encoder that processes and yields encoded chunks.
8189	Writes items from a generator to a queue using a writer object, pausing for 1 second between writes.
8190	Add and schedule a task using the provided task ID, backend, category, backend arguments. Handles archive and scheduling arguments, validates inputs, and schedules the task.
8191	Cancel a task by its ID. Returns True if successful, False if the task does not exist.
8192	Retrieve and yield queued items atomically
8193	Check task arguments for validity, raising ValueError if any are missing or incorrect.
8194	def parse_archive_args(self, archive_args):
    if not archive_args:
        return None

    archiving_args = copy.deepcopy(archive_args)

    archiving_args['archive_path'] = self.archive_path if self.archive_path else os.path.expanduser(ARCHIVES_DEFAULT_PATH)

    return ArchivingTaskConfig.from_dict(archiving_args)
8195	Custom method to execute a job, notify of its result, and publish the result to a queue.
8196	Schedules a job in a queue, generates a job ID, enqueues the job with a delay, and logs the scheduling details.
8197	Acquire write lock, retrieve job ID, cancel job if found, log warning if not, release lock
8198	Listen for jobs, reschedule successes; log errors and stack trace
8199	Listen for completed jobs on a pubsub channel and reschedule successful ones using a handler.
8200	if async_mode then start scheduler and listener else schedule jobs
8201	Schedule a task by building job arguments, checking archiving configuration, and then scheduling the job in the appropriate queue (Q_ARCHIVE_JOBS or Q_CREATION_JOBS), logging the job details.
8202	Cancel a task by its ID, removing it from the registry and cancelling its scheduled job. Raises NotFoundError if the task is not found. Logs cancellation.
8203	def _handle_successful_job(self, job):
    """Handle successful jobs by rescheduling based on job result and task configuration"""

    result = job.result
    task_id = job.kwargs['task_id']

    try:
        task = self.registry.get(task_id)
    except NotFoundError:
        logger.warning("Task %s not found", task_id)
        return

    if task.archiving_cfg and task.archiving_cfg.fetch_from_archive:
        logger.info("Job %s successfully finished", job.id)
        return

    if result.nitems:
        task.backend_args['next_from_date'] = unixtime_to_datetime(result.max_date)
        if result.offset:
            task.backend_args['next_offset'] = result.offset

    job_args = self._build_job_arguments(task)
    delay = task.scheduling_cfg.delay if task.scheduling_cfg else WAIT_FOR_QUEUING

    job_id = self._scheduler.schedule_job_task(Q_UPDATING_JOBS,
                                               task_id, job_args,
                                               delay=delay)

    logger.info("Job %s re-scheduled", job_id)
8204	Log an error message about a failed job, including the job ID and task ID.
8205	Builds a dictionary of arguments for running a job based on the input task, including backend, category, archiving, and scheduling parameters, while handling specific key transforms.
8206	Reads a secret file and returns its contents, or a default value if the file is not found.
8207	Registers an API view class with the bananas router, using the view's basename after replacing dots with slashes as the prefix.
8208	def register(view=None, *, admin_site=None, admin_class=ModelAdminView):
    """
    Decorator to register a generic class-based view as an admin view.
    Registers the view with an AdminSite and ModelAdmin.
    If no view is provided, returns a decorator function.
    """
    if not admin_site:
        admin_site = site

    def wrapped(inner_view):
        # Extract app label, label, and verbose name
        module = inner_view.__module__
        app_label = re.search(r"\.?(\w+)\.admin", module).group(1)
        app_config = apps.get_app_config(app_label)
        label = getattr(inner_view, "label", "default_label")
        verbose_name = getattr(inner_view, "verbose_name", label.capitalize())

        # Define model and permissions
        access_perm_codename = "can_access_" + label.lower()
        access_perm_name = _("Can access {verbose_name}").format(verbose_name=verbose_name)
        permissions = [access_perm_codename] + list(getattr(inner_view, "permissions", []))

        # Define fake model
        model = type(
            label.capitalize(),
            (Model,),
            {
                "__module__": module + ".__models__",
                "
8209	Override `reverse_action` to check if `request.version` is missing, and if so, use `reverse` with the requested namespace; otherwise, call the superclass method.
8210	Retrieves or generates a human-readable view name for a class or instance, adjusting for common suffixes and converting camelCase to spaces.
8211	Derives a PEP386-compliant version number from a tuple representing version components.
8212	Get value from cursor by key, resolve Alias to sibling target, raise KeyError if key not found.
8213	Lookup engine string from _ENGINE_MAPPING based on '+'-separated scheme. Handle one or two-level engine mappings, raising errors for invalid configurations. Ensure only non-empty truthy engine values are returned.
8214	def parse_path(path):
    Parses a "/"-delimited path to extract the database name and schema. Returns a tuple with (database or None, schema or None).
8215	Returns a Django-style database configuration dictionary from a URL.
8216	Parse a database URL and return a DatabaseInfo named tuple containing engine, name, schema, user, password, host, port, and params.
8217	Logs in a Django staff user. Validates the login form, authenticates the user, and returns the user's serialized data.
8218	Retrieve and return logged in user info
8219	Change password for logged in Django staff user. Validate input, save new password, and update session hash. Return 204 No Content.
8220	Override DRF's `build_url_field` to modify the view name for URL fields
8221	Parse a string to a boolean value. Returns True for "True", "Yes", "On", or "1". Returns False for "False", "No", "Off", or "0". Raises ValueError for other values.
8222	Converts string to integer, handling octal format if present.
8223	Returns a parser function based on the given type.
8224	Retrieve and parse prefixed Django settings from environment variables, updating them with custom parsers based on setting types.
8225	consumes a Django model instance, extracts指定字段或所有字段的值，并将其存储在ModelDict中返回
8226	Y64 encodes a string using URL-safe base64 and substitutes certain characters.
8227	Create a field using field info dict, validate the field type, remove the type from params, and instantiate the corresponding field class with remaining params.
8228	```python
def create_validator(data_struct_dict, name=None):
    if not name:
        name = 'FromDictValidator'
    attrs = {}
    for field_name, field_info in data_struct_dict.items():
        field_type = field_info['type']
        if field_type == DictField.FIELD_TYPE_NAME and isinstance(field_info['validator'], dict):
            field_info['validator'] = create_validator(field_info['validator'])
        attrs[field_name] = create_field(field_info)
    return type(name, (Validator,), attrs)
```
8229	Generates a Cartesian product of input parameter dictionary. Handles linked parameters and desired output order. Returns a dictionary with combined parameter lists.
8230	The `find_unique_points` function takes a list of explored parameters and finds unique parameter combinations. It first extracts the ranges of the parameters and then zips them together. If the parameter values are hashable, it uses an `OrderedDict` to find unique combinations in O(N) time. If the values are not hashable, it resorts to a slower O(N**2) comparison to find unique combinations.
8231	This method `_change_logging_kwargs` converts simple logging keyword arguments into a `log_config` dictionary. It processes `log_level`, `log_folder`, `logger_names`, and `log_multiproc` parameters, and generates a configuration with specified log levels and handlers for the given logger names. It also handles multiprocessing configuration by conditionally removing multiprocess-related entries.
8232	Decorator simplifies logging configuration by allowing either `log_config` or `log_folder`, `logger_names`, and `log_levels`, but not both.
8233	Tries to create directories for a given filename, ignoring errors and notifying via stderr if something goes wrong.
8234	Explanation The function `get_strings` takes an input string and uses the `ast` module to parse it, extracting all string literals (`ast.Str`). It then returns a list of these string values.
8235	Renames a filename by replacing placeholders with actual names from a trajectory or computed values.
8236	Sets a logger for the class, using the class name and module if no name is provided.
8237	Extracts wildcards and file replacements from the trajectory object.
8238	Displays a progress bar if `report_progress` is enabled, using the specified logger and formatting.
8239	Searches for filenames in parser settings, renames them using a provided function, and creates necessary directories.
8240	Converts a ConfigParser object to a StringIO stream.
8241	Copy multiprocessing options from a ConfigParser into a new one, removing the 'multiproc_' prefix.
8242	Skips keys in a dictionary that start with 'multiproc_', and copies the remaining values into a new dictionary with the 'multiproc_' prefix removed. Adds 'version' and 'disable_existing_loggers' if they exist.
8243	Checks, converts, and processes logging configurations for Manager, handling report_progress, log_config, and log_stdout settings.
8244	Reads a log configuration file, translates filenames, creates directories, and checks/replace parser arguments.
8245	Recursively walks and copies a log config dictionary, renames filenames and creates necessary directories.
8246	Creates logging handlers and redirects stdout if necessary, using the provided log configuration and handling multiprocessing scenarios.
8247	Closes and removes all handlers, cleans up associated configurations, and optionally resets the instance.
8248	Redirects `stdout` to the current object and prints a confirmation message if redirection is not already established.
8249	```
Writes data from buffer to logger, preventing recursion.
```
8250	Compares two result instances by full name and data, ignoring comments. Raises ValueError if both are non-result instances. Returns True if equal, False otherwise.
8251	Compares two parameter instances by checking their full name, data, and ranges, excluding comments. Returns True if equal, False otherwise, and raises ValueError if both inputs are not parameter instances.
8252	Decorator function to manually run a function with optional parameters for trajectory handling, metadata storage, and cleanup.
8253	This decorator marks functions as deprecated, emits a warning when used, and allows an optional message.
8254	@kwargs_mutual_exclusive adds a decorator to ensure that `param1_name` and `param2_name` cannot both be specified, and maps `param2_name` to `param1_name` if provided.
8255	Decorator to support old keyword argument names, issue warning, and convert to new API if necessary.
8256	Retry a function `n` times, catching errors in `errors`. If successful, return the result; otherwise, retry up to `n` times. Logs retries and exceptions if `logger_name` provided. Raises error if all retries fail. Waits `wait` seconds between retries.
8257	Decorator adds prefix naming scheme by defining `__getattr__` and `__setattr__` methods.
8258	Adds standard Brian2 parameters and specific model parameters to `traj`, including membrane properties and neuron model equations.
8259	Creates a BRIAN network based on `traj` parameters, runs it for an initial 100 ms, and then records spikes and membrane voltage for 500 ms.
8260	Euler integration simulation. Takes trajectory and differential equation as inputs. Computes Euler steps using initial conditions and time step. Stores results in trajectory object.
8261	Adds simulation parameters to the traj container, including initial conditions for the Lorenz attractor and parameters for the differential equation.
8262	Computes the derivative of the Lorenz attractor given its current state and parameters. Input: 3D array of x, y, z, and parameters sigma, beta, rho. Output: 3D array of the system's derivative.
8263	Creates a storage service using a constructor, matching kwargs with the service, and returns the service with unused kwargs.
8264	Creates a storage service instance based on the input type and kwargs. If a filename is provided, it determines the storage service type accordingly. If a string is provided, it dynamically creates the storage service class. Returns the storage service and a set of unused keyword arguments.
8265	Adds necessary parameters to `traj` container based on `diff_name`.
8266	The Roessler attractor differential equation calculates the changes in 3D coordinates (x, y, z) based on parameters a and c.
8267	The `compact_hdf5_file` function compresses an HDF5 file by using properties from a specified trajectory to determine the compression settings. It calls `ptrepack` from the command line and provides options to keep a backup of the original file. The function returns the return code of the `ptrepack` command.
8268	Checks if any parameter in `group_node` is explored in `traj`. Returns `True` if found, `False` otherwise.
8269	creates model equations for inhibited and excited populations by replacing placeholders with specific neuron types and calculating synaptic parameters
8270	def pre_build(self, traj, brian_list, network_dict):
    if not _explored_parameters_in_group(traj, traj.parameters.model):
        self._build_model(traj, brian_list, network_dict)
8271	Builds neuron groups only if not pre-built before, adding inhibitory and excitatory neuron groups to Brian list and network dictionary.
8272	FN  
- Builds neuron groups from a trajectory
- Adds groups to Brian list and network dictionary
- Creates inhibitory and excitatory neurons with specified equations and parameters
- Sets bias terms and initial membrane potentials randomly
- Registers groups in output structures
8273	if all relevant parameters are not explored and the required neuron groups exist, the method pre-builds the network connections by calling the _build_connections method.
8274	(bool): Checks if _pre_build is False. If True, calls _build_connections to create connections based on traj, brian_list, and network_dict.
8275	Adds parameters for initial and measurement run durations to the `traj` container, setting specific values and order annotations.
8276	Computes Fano Factor for a neuron by binning spike counts over time windows and calculating variance divided by mean. Returns 0 if average firing rate is 0.
8277	Computes average Fano Factor over multiple neurons using specified parameters.
8278	Calculates average Fano Factor of a network by checking if all subruns are finished. If finished, extracts spike data, calculates Fano Factor for specified neurons within a time window, and adds the result to the trajectory. Logs the Fano Factor and decorrelation time.
8279	If the current subrun's order is 1, add monitors to the network for monitoring excitatory neurons.
8280	Adds spike, membrane potential, and synaptic current monitors to a network based on neuron records.
8281	Creates a subfolder for plots based on trajectory analysis and variable names, returns the absolute path of the folder. If the folder doesn't exist, it creates it.
8282	The function `_plot_result` plots a state variable graph for several neurons over time in a single figure. It retrieves the variable values and times from the trajectory, then iterates through the recorded neurons, plotting each neuron's variable over time on a separate subplot. The first subplot displays the variable name as the title, subsequent subplots label the y-axis with the variable name, and the last subplot labels the x-axis as 't'.
8283	```text
Makes plots of spike raster and membrane potential for a given trajectory, storing them in a subfolder. Optionally shows the plots.
```
8284	Checks if all subruns are completed and extracts monitor data from Brian2Monitors, storing it in the trajectory. If plotting is enabled, it calls _print_graphs to create plots.
8285	Function that retrieves the batch ID from command line arguments. If found, prints and returns the batch ID; otherwise, returns 0.
8286	choose exploration for `traj` based on `batch` value, setting `sigma` from `10.0 * batch` to `10.0 * (batch + 1) - 1.0`
8287	Returns self._vars; initializes if None
8288	The method `func` returns `self._func` if it is not `None`, otherwise it initializes `self._func` with a new `NNTreeNodeFunc` instance and returns it.
8289	Renames the tree node by updating the `_full_name` attribute and setting `_name` to the last part of `full_name` if it's not empty.
8290	Sets internal details for depth, branch, and run_branch.
8291	def _node_to_msg(store_load, node): Maps a node and store_load constant to the corresponding storage message.
8292	Removes a subtree from the trajectory tree, starting from a given node and name. Optionally uses a predicate to determine if nodes should be removed. Does not delete from disk, only from RAM.
8293	Deletes a single node from the tree, removing all references to it. Cannot delete the root or leaves under specific groups. Adjusts related dictionaries and removes circular references.
8294	Removes a node from the tree in RAM, not from the hdf5 file, with an option to delete group nodes with children recursively.
8295	Removes a node from the tree starting from a given node and walks recursively down the tree to the location of the node to be removed. If no children are present and recursive is True, it removes all children of the group node. If a child is removed, it updates the parent node's children and groups. If a group node is removed, it also removes the node from the tree. Returns True if the node was deleted, False otherwise.
8296	Maps a given shortcut to a corresponding name, handling specific patterns like 'run_X' or 'r_X', and returns a boolean and the mapped name or the original name if no match is found.
8297	Adds prefix to a given name based on the parent node and item type.
8298	Determines types for generic additions based on start node and conditions.
8299	Adds a generic item to the tree irrespective of the subtree by inferring the subtree from arguments, handling different types of items, checking naming conventions, and ensuring correct prefix conditions before adding the item to the tree.
8300	Adds an item to a tree structure, creating new nodes as needed. Handles updates to existing nodes based on naming conventions. Raises errors for invalid naming and attempts to overwrite existing nodes.
8301	Creates a link between a node and an instance, updates linked-by relationships, increments link count, and logs the addition.
8302	Checks a list of strings for invalid names, returning a description of any violations.
8303	Creates a new group instance based on the provided type_name and parent_node, handles renaming, type validation, and updates the internal data structures.
8304	Creates a new parameter or result instance based on the provided parameters, either by constructing a new one or renaming an existing one. Adds the instance to the trajectory and updates the details tree. Logs relevant information if the instance already exists or if it has been previously marked for change.
8305	Renames an instance, adds depth and branch information, and updates run branch details based on parent node and name.
8306	Returns an iterator over nodes below a given start node, optionally recursively, with options for maximum depth, links, search details, and filtering by a predicate.
8307	Returns an iterator over a node's children, optionally including links. If 'with_links' is True, it iterates over all children. Otherwise, it separates and chains iterators for groups and leaves. The current depth is incremented by 1 for each child.
8308	A recursive breadth-first search iterator for a tree node, yielding nodes based on a given predicate and depth constraint.
8309	Fast search for a node in the tree by checking reference dictionaries. Traverses the tree without starting from a parent node. Raises errors if too many nodes or multiple matches are found.
8310	Searches for a node by key in a tree, considering depth, links, and uniqueness.
8311	Performs a backwards search from a terminal node to a start node, filtering candidates based on names, max depth, and shortcuts.
8312	Defines a method for accessing kids of a node, lazily initializing them if they don't exist.
8313	Adds a new group bypassing name checking using an internal method.
8314	Can be called from storage service to create a new leaf node without name checking
8315	Returns a list of all children names. If certain conditions are met, it attempts to load data recursively in a structured format.
8316	Creates a dummy object representing the tree structure for easier debugging.
8317	Checks if node is root, raises TypeError if true; otherwise, returns parent node using root's f_get method.
8318	Adds an empty group to the current node.
8319	Adds a link to an existing node. Can be called with the name and item of the node, or just the item. Colon-separated names are not allowed.
8320	def f_remove_link(self, name):
    """ Removes a link from the current group node with the given name without deleting it from the hard drive. Raises an error if the link does not exist. """
    if name not in self._links:
        raise ValueError(f"No link with name '{name}' found under '{self._full_name}'.")

    self._nn_interface._remove_link(self, name)
8321	Adds an empty generic leaf to the current node in a trajectory tree. Optionally takes arguments and keyword arguments to customize the leaf. If within a single run, items not under 'run_XXXXXXXX' groups must be manually saved to persist.
8322	Defines a method `f_remove` that recursively removes a node and all its children from a parent group, based on optional recursive and predicate parameters.
8323	Removes a child from the group, optionally recursively if specified. Raises errors if the child does not exist or if recursive is false but children exist.
8324	Checks if a node contains a specific parameter or result by using the `f_get` method with optional parameters for links, shortcuts, and max depth. Returns True if the item is found, considering whether to allow shortcuts and compare instances.
8325	This method `f_get_default` attempts to retrieve a value using the `f_get` method. If `f_get` raises an AttributeError or DataNotInStorageError, it returns a default value instead. Fast access is enabled by default.
8326	Returns a copy or reference to the children dictionary.
8327	Returns a shallow copy or reference to the dictionary of child groups.
8328	Returns a copy or reference of the dictionary of all immediate child leaves for this group.
8329	Returns a shallow or deep copy of the `_links` dictionary, depending on the `copy` parameter.
8330	Stores a child or subtree to disk, with options for recursion, data storage, and depth limit. Raises ValueError if child does not exist.
8331	Stores a group node to disk, recursively optionally, with controlled depth and data selection strategy.
8332	def f_load_child(self, name, recursive=False, load_data=pypetconstants.LOAD_DATA, max_depth=None):
    Loads a child or recursively a subtree from disk.
8333	Loads a group from disk, optionally recursively and specifying data load behavior and max depth. Returns the node itself.
8334	Adds an empty parameter group under the current node, optionally using positional or keyword arguments, or a pre-created ParameterGroup instance. Auto-creates parent subgroups based on name. Prefixes the group name with the current node's full name, using 'parameters' if at the root.
8335	Adds a parameter under the current node. Supports adding a parameter instance, passing values directly, or specifying a custom constructor. Automatically prefixes the parameter name with the current node's full name.
8336	Adds an empty result group under the current node, prefixes the name with the current node's full name, handles single runs with a specific format, and supports nested subgroup creation via colons.
8337	Adds a result under the current node, either by passing a result instance or directly providing values. Handles different types of results and automatically adds the current node's name as a prefix to the result name.
8338	Adds an empty derived parameter group with the current node's full name as a prefix. Handles single runs with a specific naming convention. Allows specifying subgroups via colons, which are automatically created.
8339	Adds a derived parameter under the current group using a generic interface.
8340	Adds an empty config group under the current node, applying a prefix based on the current node's full name or using 'config' for the root. Supports hierarchical group names using colons for subgroups.
8341	Adds a config parameter under the current group, optionally prefixing with 'config' if the group is the trajectory.
8342	Sets the individual and calculates fitness by summing its elements; stores the results and returns the fitness.
8343	Adds commit information to a trajectory, creating a unique name based on the commit's short hash and timestamp, and then adds various commit details as configuration variables.
8344	```plaintext
Makes a git commit if there are changes in the repository. Returns whether a new commit was triggered and the SHA-1 of the commit. Raises a GitDiffError if changes are found and git_fail is True.
```
8345	Flattens nested dictionary by concatenating keys with a specified separator.
8346	Nest a flat dictionary with keys split by a specified separator to create a nested dictionary structure
8347	```
def progressbar(index, total, percentage_step=10, logger='print', log_level=logging.INFO,
                 reprint=True, time=True, length=20, fmt_string=None, reset=False):
    """Plots a progress bar to the given `logger` for large for loops.

    Updates the bar at the end of a for-loop.
    """
```
8348	Function to get argument names and whether it uses keyword arguments for Python 2 and 3 compatibility.
8349	Returns a dictionary of keyword arguments that can be passed to a function based on its parameter specifications, excluding those that cannot.
8350	def format_time(timestamp):
"""Converts timestamp to human-readable YYYY_MM_DD_HHhMMmSSs format"""
8351	The function `port_to_tcp()` returns a local TCP address for a given port or automatically assigns a port if none is provided. It first tries to get the address list for the fully qualified domain name. If successful, it extracts the host from the first address list item. If an exception occurs during this process, it defaults to using '127.0.0.1'. Then, it checks if a port is provided. If not, it automatically binds to a random port using ZeroMQ. It ensures that the address is compatible with IPv6 if necessary and 返回 the TCP address along with the port number.
8352	Denies creation if path is a file. Recursively creates directory, handling race conditions.
8353	Resets the progressbar to start a new one, updating various attributes including start time, start and current indices, percentage step, total count, length, normalization factor, and current interval.
8354	Calculates remaining time as a string based on current time, start time, total, start index, and current index. Returns an empty string if division by zero occurs.
8355	Returns annotations as dict, optionally copying the internal dict.
8356	Deletes a key from annotations, raising an AttributeError if the key is not present.
8357	Returns lexicographically sorted annotations as a concatenated string.
8358	Converts shared data to ordinary data, updates trajectory if needed, removes key, and reloads data if specified.
8359	Turns an ordinary data item into a shared one by removing the old result from the trajectory, replacing it, and emptying the given result. Determines the new class automatically if not provided, and returns the modified result.
8360	Creates shared data on disk using a StorageService. Handles various data types and parameters, setting up flags, objects, and names. Stores the data in a parent object if specified.
8361	Interfaces with storage by passing requests and args/kwargs to StorageService, which translates and executes the request accordingly.
8362	Returns the actual node of the underlying data, or a warning if the store is not open.
8363	Checks if outer data structure is supported by verifying if it's already supported or if its type is in the list of supported data types.
8364	Creates a shared data item by calling the appropriate function and then invoking `create_shared_data` on the returned item.
8365	Update the trajectory with the current process name and store data.
8366	Locks a resource for a client. If already locked and by the same client, complains. If by another client, waits. If not locked, locks and allows access.
8367	Notifies the Server to shutdown, starts without test connection, logs shutdown signal, and sends a shutdown request.
8368	Closes socket and terminates context if not already closed.
8369	Starts connection to server if not already established, makes ping-pong test if desired.
8370	Sends a request and retries if no response is received, up to a maximum number of retries. Returns the response and the number of attempts made.
8371	Acquires lock by blocking until available, handling retries and errors.
8372	监听客户端请求，处理四种类型：检查队空间、测试套接字、如果有空间发送数据、数据发送后存入队列，同时处理完成通知并关闭。
8373	The `put` method sends data to the server if there is space in the queue. If no space is available, it repeatedly sends a request every 10 milliseconds until space becomes available.
8374	Detects if the lock client was forked by comparing the PID of the current process with a stored PID. If they differ, it logs a fork detection, restarts the connection, and updates the stored PID.
8375	Handles data messages, processes 'DONE' and 'STORE' commands, and manages storage service accordingly. Processes 'STORE' by extracting args/kwargs, opening/closing files as needed, and storing data. Returns True if message is 'DONE'. Handles exceptions by logging and continuing.
8376	Starts listening to the queue, processes incoming data, and handles stopping condition. Closes file and clears trajectory name upon completion.
8377	Retrieves and returns data from a queue.
8378	Loops until buffer reaches max size or connection has data, then returns oldest buffered item.
8379	Acquires a lock, stores data, and releases the lock. Logs an error if fails to release the lock.
8380	Stores data with a message and optional arguments in a reference dictionary, creating a new list for each trajectory name if it doesn't exist.
8381	Stores references to disk and collects garbage.
8382	```python
def parse_config(func):
    """Decorator to use a config file for initialization."""
    @functools.wraps(func)
    def new_func(env, *args, **kwargs):
        config_interpreter = ConfigInterpreter(kwargs)
        new_kwargs = config_interpreter.interpret()
        func(env, *args, **new_kwargs)
        config_interpreter.add_parameters(env.traj)
    return new_func
```
8383	Collects settings from a section in a configuration parser and returns them as a dictionary.
8384	Collects info from 'storage_service', 'trajectory', 'environment' sections and returns as a dictionary.
8385	Copies parsed arguments into kwargs passed to the environment, prioritizing command-line args over config file values. If `use_simple_logging` is not set, it adds `log_config` with the config file path. Returns the updated kwargs.
8386	Adds parameters and config from an `.ini` file to a trajectory object.
8387	Converts an integer rule number to a binary list representation, interpreting it as a cellular automaton transition table.
8388	Creates an initial state for an automaton with either a single live cell or a random pattern, based on the `name` parameter. Returns a numpy array of zeros and ones.
8389	Plots an automaton pattern and saves it as an image with a filename.
8390	Simulates a 1D cellular automaton based on an initial state, rule number, and number of steps. Returns a 2D array representing the automaton's development over time.
8391	Main function to simulate 1D cellular automata patterns for different rules and initial states, store results, and plot them.
8392	```python
Checks if the signal is active. If not, returns. Increments update counter. Calculates time passed since last update. If time exceeds display time, calculates total time and nodes processed per second. Formats time. Logs message with nodes processed, time taken, and nodes per second.
```
8393	Returns the overview group, creating it if necessary.
8394	Loads data from disk based on the provided message. Handles different types of data entries like trajectories, parameters, groups, trees, and lists. Raises errors if the data cannot be found or if the operation is not supported.
8395	Stores and manages data in a HDF5 file, handling various operations like merge, backup, store, delete, and access.
8396	Iterates over `iterable`, extracts `msg`, `item`, `args`, and `kwargs` from each tuple, and calls `self.load` with these values.
8397	This method reads properties from a trajectory object and sets them as attributes. It handles different mappings and provides default values using logging if attributes are not found. It also raises an error if purging duplicate comments is enabled without enabling summary tables.
8398	Stores items from an iterable tuple. Processes optional args and kwargs from tuple or passed args/kwargs. Raises error if tuple length exceeds 4.
8399	closes hdf5 file if not already closed and only when closing=True
8400	Extracts and assigns file-related information from kwargs to instance variables while removing them from kwargs.
8401	Backs up a trajectory. If no backup filename is specified, it defaults to a file in the same directory as the trajectory file. The method checks if a trajectory with the same name already exists in the backup file, and raises an error if it does. The trajectory is then copied to the backup file, and the backup file is flushed and closed.
8402	Converts a table row into a dictionary using column names as keys.
8403	Prepares a trajectory for merging by updating meta information, storing extended parameters, increasing the run table, and updating parameter summaries.
8404	Loads meta information about the trajectory, checks version, updates run information, loads skeleton data, and handles run details based on load options.
8405	Loads data starting from a node along a specified branch. Recursively loads all data at the end of the branch according to given parameters.
8406	Checks trajectory version and Python version against current values. Raises VersionMismatchError if versions do not match and force is False. Emits warning instead if force is True.
8407	Update `run` table with information from `traj` from `start` to `stop`, appending and modifying rows as needed.
8408	Recalls names of all explored parameters in a trajectory object, handling both current and legacy storage structures.
8409	Stores explored parameter names for internal recall in the HDF5 file. Checks if 'explorations' table exists, updates or creates it based on the number of explored parameters.
8410	```python
Creates overview tables for config, parameters, explored parameters, and summary in the overview group. Adjusts column descriptions based on the table type and fills the table with expected rows from the trajectory data.
```
8411	Stores a trajectory to an hdf5 file, handling initialization, metadata, and data storage recursively.
8412	Stores data starting from a node along a specified branch, recursively loading all data at the end.
8413	Creates a new pypet leaf instance from the given class name, trajectory, and HDF5 group. Returns the leaf and its length if it is an explored parameter.
8414	Loads a node from an HDF5 file and recursively loads everything below if specified. Determines if the node is a leaf or a group and processes accordingly, handling soft links and creating new instances or updating existing ones.
8415	Stores a node to hdf5 and if recursive, everything below it, up to a max depth. Uses DFS traversal. Checks for links and newly created nodes.
8416	Stores a single row into an overview table based on the instance and flags provided, handling addition, modification, and removal operations.
8417	This method checks if a table exists in a given location within an HDF5 file. If the table does not exist, it creates a new one with the specified description and optional expected rows. If the table already exists, it returns the existing table.
8418	Provides a method to retrieve an HDF5 node by its name, replacing dots with slashes and constructing a path within a trajectory. Returns the node found at the calculated path.
8419	Stores original data types as HDF5 attributes to preserve data type information through the storing process.
8420	Checks type of loaded data and converts it if necessary based on information in HDF5 attributes.
8421	Adds or modifies a row in a pytable based on the provided parameters and flags. Handles adding, modifying, and removing rows based on the given conditions and indices. Raises errors for conflicting flags and handles edge cases like trying to remove the last row of a table.
8422	Returns a `None` value.
8423	The function `_all_extract_insert_dict` extracts specified information from a given item and stores it in a dictionary for insertion into a pytable row. It handles various attributes such as length, comment, location, name, class name, value, hexdigest, index, time, timestamp, range, array, version, Python version, and finish timestamp based on the provided column names. If 'array' is included in colnames, it is processed identically to 'range'. The function uses encoding and length constraints for certain columns and can optionally include additional information from `additional_info`.
8424	Cuts long strings to a specified max_length, appending "..." if necessary, and logs truncation if done.
8425	Checks if a group with the given name exists in the parent HDF5 group. If it does, returns the existing group and False. If it doesn't, creates a new group, returns the new group and True.
8426	The method `_all_create_or_get_groups` creates or retrieves a group node in an HDF5 file based on a colon-separated key. It starts at a given group or the default trajectory group. For each name in the key, it recursively creates or retrieves the group, returning the final group and a boolean indicating whether any group was created.
8427	Marshal annotations from an item into an HDF5 file, optionally overwriting existing annotations.
8428	Loads annotations from disk into an item, ensuring the annotations are empty before loading to prevent data overwriting.
8429	Stores annotations and comments for a group node in the HDF5 file, optionally storing class name and recursively processing child nodes.
8430	Loads a group node and optionally everything recursively below. Handles different load modes and manages the load process.
8431	Reloading skeleton data for a tree node. If the node has no annotations, reloads them. Sets the node's comment from an attribute if it's empty.
8432	The function `_prm_extract_missing_flags` iterates through the `data_dict` dictionary and checks if each key exists in the `flags_dict`. If a key is not present, it determines the data type of the corresponding value in `data_dict`. If the value is an empty array or dictionary, it assigns the `ARRAY` flag from `HDF5StorageService.TYPE_FLAG_MAPPING`. For other data types, it attempts to map the type to a suitable flag. If the type is not recognized, it raises a `NoSuchServiceError` exception.
8433	Adds comment data to summary tables, checks for duplicates, and determines if the comment should be stored. Returns the subtree and storage status.
8434	Adds metadata and updates overview tables for an instance in an HDF5 group.
8435	Stores data from a dictionary into an HDF5 group based on storage flags for each key.
8436	Stores a parameter or result to HDF5 based on provided flags and overwriting instructions. Handles different types of storage and removal scenarios. Logs debug information during the process.
8437	Writes data to an HDF5 array object based on the provided flag, either into a regular array or a specialized array type, and then flushes the HDF5 file buffer.
8438	This method `_prm_write_shared_table` creates a new empty table in an HDF5 file. It populates the table with a `first_row` if provided, updating the table's description based on the row data. It also applies filters and flushes the changes to ensure data integrity.
8439	Stores a dictionary as a pytable in an HDF5 file, ensuring the data does not already exist in the specified group. Converts the dictionary to an object table and writes it, managing attributes and flushing the file.
8440	Stores a pandas DataFrame into HDF5, handling key existence, overwrite, and appending options, and sets the storage type attribute.
8441	Stores data in an HDF5 file as a carray, earray, or vlarray based on the `flag` parameter. Checks if the key already exists and raises an error if it does. Applies filters to the data before storage and remembers the original types for recall.
8442	Stores data as an array in an HDF5 file, handling data conversion and type storage for recall.
8443	Deletes a link from disk by removing a node in an HDF5 file.
8444	Removes a parameter or result or group from the HDF5 file. Handles deletion of parts of a leaf node with the `delete_only` parameter. Optionally removes the data item from the instance and supports recursive deletion of groups.
8445	Writes data to an HDF5 file using PyTables, handling large datasets by splitting them into multiple tables and storing data types separately if necessary.
8446	Create a description dictionary for pytables table creation by converting lists and tuples to numpy arrays, remembering original data types, and getting pytables columns from the data.
8447	Creates a pytables column instance based on the type of the first element in `column`. Handles integers, strings, bytes, numpy arrays of strings/bytes, and other types, adjusting item sizes and shapes as necessary. Logs errors and re-raises exceptions.
8448	This function `_prm_get_longest_stringsize` calculates the length of the longest string in a given list. If the list contains numpy arrays, it checks all elements within. The function returns the string length multiplied by 1.5 to ensure there's some extra space.
8449	Recursively loads data from an HDF5 group into a dictionary, handling nested groups and different data types according to attributes. Filters data based on load_only and load_except lists.
8450	Definitely! Here is the compressed summary for the given code:

Loads dictionary data from a PyTables leaf, converting it into a standard dictionary.
8451	Reads data from an HDF5 node and constructs the appropriate class based on the shared data type.
8452	Reads data from a PyTables table or group column by column, reconstructs it into an ObjectTable, and handles type conversion.
8453	Reads data from a PyTables array or carray, handles data type recall, and logs errors.
8454	This function creates and loads a trajectory from disk, handling various parameters for customization during the loading process.
8455	Creates a run set name based on an index, grouping every 1000 indices into a single set, with a dummy name for negative indices.
8456	Sets properties with error checking.
8457	Adds classes or paths to classes for dynamic imports during runtime. Ensures inputs are strings or classes, then extends the dynamic imports list.
8458	Sets the trajectory to a specific run by name or index, updating indices, crun, and explored parameters accordingly. Allows for easier data analysis and focused search operations within the trajectory.
8459	Iterates over runs in a trajectory, yielding specified data (run name, index, or self) with optional start, stop, and step parameters, and restores the trajectory state afterward.
8460	Shrinks the trajectory and removes all exploration ranges from the parameters, ensuring the trajectory is not stored to disk beforehand unless forced.
8461	Checks if a parameter is already in a trajectory, and if not, adds it to a dictionary with its arguments and keyword arguments.
8462	Sets a parameter value before it is added to the Trajectory. Applies new values through `f_set` method during parameter creation. Checks preset parameters before experiments.
8463	Ensures preset parameters are used, locks all parameters, and clears previous run results.
8464	Searches for `name` in each run, returning an ordered dictionary with found items.
8465	Checks if a run is completed, either for all runs if no name_or_id is provided, or for a specific run if a name_or_id is given.
8466	Deletes explored parameters from disk when a trajectory is expanded.
8467	### Summary
This method `_copy_from` serves to insert a full tree from a given `node` into an existing trajectory. It handles copying both leaves and groups, considering options for deep vs. shallow copying, overwriting existing elements, and following or ignoring links. The method ensures that only nodes not already present in the trajectory are added, and it manages the state of parameters for leaf nodes.
8468	Prepares the trajectory for exploring the parameter space by adding new parameters or expanding existing ones based on provided iterables. Raises errors if the trajectory has been explored before, if parameter names are not found, or if the iterables have mismatched lengths.
8469	Updates the run information for a specific run by overwriting the existing entry with the new dictionary and marking the run as updated by adding its index to a set.
8470	Adds a new run with information to the `_run_information` dictionary, handling existing entries and updating the `_single_run_ids` dictionary accordingly.
8471	Locks all non-empty parameters.
8472	Locks all non-empty derived parameters
8473	Finalizes a rollback by restoring the trajectory as the root of the tree and optionally storing metadata to disk.
8474	Loads full skeleton from storage, updating trajectory tree with empty results and derived parameters, and loading annotations.
8475	Loads a trajectory from storage, allowing customization of what data to load and how. Can handle dynamic imports, enforce version compatibility, and manage run information.
8476	Backs up the trajectory using the specified storage service, with options to provide arguments directly to the service and specify the backup filename. If `backup_filename` is not provided, the file will be auto-generated in the same directory as the HDF5 file, named 'backup_XXXXX.hdf5' where 'XXXXX' is the trajectory name.
8477	Creates a reversed mapping of wildcard translations to original wildcards. Starts from a given index or the beginning if not already done.
8478	Merges multiple trajectories into the current one, with options to ignore specific data, move data, delete other trajectories, and keep information. It logs the merging process, backs up the current trajectory, and stores the data to disk after completion.
8479	Updates run information for the current trajectory by merging it with another trajectory's run information. Uses a dictionary to store new run names and updates the internal run information with details from the other trajectory.
8480	Retrieves a run index for a wildcard and replaces it in a full name with a new wildcard name.
8481	This method merges derived parameters from another trajectory into the current one, handling renaming, ignoring specific parameters, and ensuring that each parameter is linked to the first new run while avoiding unnecessary copies.
8482	Merges links between two trajectories, handling ignored data, translation of names, and logging warnings and errors as needed.
8483	Merges meta data from other_trajectory into current trajectory, including git commits, environment settings, and previous merge configurations.
8484	def _merge_slowly(self, other_trajectory, rename_dict):
    Merges trajectories by iteratively loading items from the other trajectory and storing them into the current trajectory. Uses a rename_dict to map old keys to new keys, and handles locking and emptying of instances to manage memory.
8485	Merges results from `other_trajectory` into current trajectory, applying renames from `rename_dict` while ignoring specified data and filtering based on allowed translations.
8486	Rename and relocate a trajectory by providing a new name, storage service, or additional keyword arguments. If the trajectory is already stored with the new name, set in_store=True to switch back. Any unused keyword arguments will raise a ValueError.
8487	```python
def f_store(self, only_init=False, store_data=2, max_depth=None):
    """Stores trajectory and optionally its data to disk.

    :param only_init: If True, only initializes the store without storing data.
    :param store_data: Controls what to store: nothing, data skipping, full data, or overwrite.
    :param max_depth: Maximum depth of the tree to store.

    In single runs, only new data below 'run_XXXXXXXXXX' groups is stored.
    """
```
8488	Restores default values in explored parameters and resets v_idx and v_crun.
8489	Notifies explored parameters of the current point in the parameter space they should represent.
8490	Sets flags and returns instance
8491	Returns a list of run names, sorting them if specified using bucket sort for efficiency.
8492	Returns a dictionary or nested dictionary containing information about a single run or all runs, with options to copy or return the actual data.
8493	Finds and yields single run indices in a trajectory where a given predicate evaluates to True for specified parameters.
8494	Manually starts an experiment run. If run_name_or_idx is None, uses current run. Turns trajectory into a run for efficiency if turn_into_run is True.
8495	Method ``f_finalize_run`` finalizes a run if manually started, sets the finish flag, performs optional cleanup, marks run as finished, updates run information, and stores meta data if specified.
8496	Sets current time as start timestamp and formatted time in a dictionary for run information.
8497	Sets finish time, computes runtime, and updates run info dictionary.
8498	Creates a node using a given constructor. If the constructor knows the trajectory, it passes the current instance as an additional argument.
8499	Returns a dictionary based on specified criteria. Raises ValueError if both fast_access and copy are False. Uses fast access to retrieve values.
8500	Resets the current run information and performs rollback operations by removing created results and links to prevent the parent trajectory from being overwhelmed by the results of all runs.
8501	Dict containing config names and params/values.
8502	Returns a dictionary of results, allowing for fast access and copying options.
8503	Stores items to disk, supporting iterative storage and optional overwriting of specific parts.
8504	Loads parameters or results specified in an iterator. Can load entire trajectory or selectively load only empty items or specific data parts. Utilizes storage service for loading. Raises error if trajectory has never been stored.
8505	Removes specified items from a trajectory, optionally recursively deleting child nodes if removing groups.
8506	Deletes multiple links from the hard disk, handling them as strings or tuples. Logs an error if deletion fails. Optionally removes the links from the trajectory.
8507	Removes all children of the trajectory recursively, allowing for removal based on a predicate if provided.
8508	Deletes items from storage on disk, with options to remove from trajectory, manage deletion of leaf nodes, and remove data from items.
8509	Pool single run initializes storage service, assigns it to trajectory, optionally frees references for local wrap mode, and handles SIGINT.
8510	Calls the `_sigint_handling_single_run` function with the updated `frozen_kwargs` dictionary.
8511	Sets the storage service for the pool and configures niceness and logging with the provided parameters.
8512	Configures the frozen pool with kwargs, sets niceness and logging, and resets full copy.
8513	Configures logging, handles SIGINT, and puts result in queue.
8514	Wrapper function that configures a frozen SCOOP setup. Deletes old SCOOP data if necessary. Checks if SCOOP needs reconfiguration and updates if changed.
8515	Configure logging and niceness if not the main process; call _single_run and handle exceptions.
8516	Configures logging using provided logging manager, optionally extracting data from trajectory, handling exceptions.
8517	Sets process niceness based on input, handling Linux and Windows differences and errors gracefully.
8518	Wrapper for gracefully exiting single runs by handling SIGINT and returning results accordingly.
8519	Performs a single run of an experiment by executing a user-defined function with specified arguments, storing results, and updating run information.
8520	Starts a queue handler, configures logging, and runs the handler, handling graceful exits with SIGINT.
8521	def load_class(full_class_string): Loads a class from a string naming the module and class name.
8522	Attempts to create a class using globally available imports. If not found, iterates through dynamically imported classes to find and return the matching class. Raises ImportError if class cannot be created.
8523	Returns the length of the parameter range, or raises TypeError if the parameter has no range or NotImplementedError if not implemented appropriately.
8524	String representation of parameter value using `__repr__`, handling exceptions gracefully.
8525	Checks if two values are considered equal by the parameter using the `nested_equal` function. Raises a TypeError if both values are not supported. Supported by subclasses that implement a different equality comparison.
8526	Returns a copy or reference to the exploration range of a parameter, depending on the `copy` argument. Raises a TypeError if the parameter has not been explored.
8527	Checks if parameter is locked, already explored, or has no default value. Validates iterable data types. Stores valid data in _explored_range and marks parameter as explored and locked.
8528	Expands a parameter's exploration range by appending values from an iterable. Raises errors if the parameter is locked or not an array.
8529	Runs sanity checks on data values, ensuring they are supported types and of the same type as the default, then returns the data list.
8530	Stores formatted data in a dictionary, optionally including exploration range in a separate table. Returns the dictionary.
8531	```plaintext
Loads data and exploration range from a dictionary.
Checks if parameter is locked.
Sets data and default if 'data' key exists.
Sets explored range and flag if 'explored_data' key exists.
Marks parameter as locked.
```
8532	Reconstructs data and exploration array. Checks for array identifier in load_dict. If identified, reconstructs exploration range if parameter is explored. Otherwise, calls parent class load method.
8533	```python
def _equal_values(self, val1, val2):
    """Check if two matrices are equal by comparing their hash values."""
    if self._is_supported_matrix(val1) and self._is_supported_matrix(val2):
        _, _, hash_tuple_1 = self._serialize_matrix(val1)
        _, _, hash_tuple_2 = self._serialize_matrix(val2)
        return hash(hash_tuple_1) == hash(hash_tuple_2)
    elif self._is_supported_matrix(val1):  # Check if only val1 is a supported matrix
        return False
    else:  # Neither val1 nor val2 is a supported matrix
        return super(SparseParameter, self)._equal_values(val1, val2)
```
8534	Checks if a given data is a Scipy sparse matrix in CSR, CSC, BSR, or DIA format.
8535	Extracts data and metadata from a sparse matrix for serialization. Returns a tuple with extracted data, names, and hashable parts of the data.
8536	Formats a name for storage with a specific format, including the property and sparse matrix index.
8537	Reconstructs a matrix from a list containing sparse matrix extracted properties. Handles different formats including 'csc', 'csr', 'bsr', and 'dia', and checks if the matrix is empty.
8538	Reconstructs the data and exploration array. Checks for 'data%sis_dia' in `load_dict`. If found, reconstructs matrices and exploration range. Otherwise, calls parent class method. Sets default and locked attributes.
8539	Stores data and explored objects in a dictionary, using pickle for serialization. Handles reusing objects by object ID and tracks the order of objects.
8540	Reconstructs objects from pickle dumps in load_dict, handles 'data' and 'explored_data' entries, sets v_protocol, and updates explored range and default value.
8541	def f_translate_key(self, key):
    """Translates integer indices into names"""
    if key is int:
        if key == 0:
            key = self.v_name
        else:
            key = self.v_name + '_%d' % key
    return key
8542	Summarizes data handled by the result as a string. Calls `__repr__` on all handled data, truncates if longer than `HDF5_STRCOL_MAX_VALUE_LENGTH`, and returns the string.
8543	Returns a copy or reference to the internal data dictionary.
8544	Stores data in a result object using positional and keyword arguments. Converts positional arguments to `name_X` format, where `X` is the position, and keyword arguments are stored directly. Raises `AttributeError` if attempting to set a positional value without a name.
8545	def f_get(self, *args):
    Returns data item(s) from the result. Returns a single item for a single argument, a list for multiple arguments, or raises ValueError or AttributeError if the result is empty or an item is not found.
8546	Sets a single data item in the result, supporting only certain types. Raises TypeError for unsupported types. Logs warnings if changing an existing result.
8547	```python
def _supports(self, item):
    """Supports sparse matrices and anything supported by parent class."""
    if SparseParameter._is_supported_matrix(item):
        return True
    else:
        return super(SparseResult, self)._supports(item)
```
8548	Creates a storage dictionary for the storage service by serializing sparse matrices and marking them with an identifier.
8549	def _load(self, load_dict): Loads data from `load_dict`, reconstructing sparse matrices similar to a SparseParameter.
8550	Adds a single data item to the pickle result. Raises an error if the `PROTOCOL` name is used. Logs a warning if changing a stored result. Does not check if the item can be pickled.
8551	Returns a dictionary with pickle dumps of stored data, including the protocol version.
8552	def _load(self, load_dict):
    "Reconstructs items from pickle dumps in load_dict and sets v_protocol."
    try:
        self.v_protocol = load_dict.pop(PickleParameter.PROTOCOL)
    except KeyError:
        dump = next(load_dict.values())
        self.v_protocol = PickleParameter._get_protocol(dump)
    for key, val in load_dict.items():
        self._data[key] = pickle.loads(val)
8553	Merges all trajectories in the current working directory, deleting other files except one, using dynamic imports, without backing up.
8554	Uploads a file to a remote server using SFTP.
8555	Downloads a file from a specified SFTP source to the current working directory.
8556	Creates a SAGA session with a UserPass context containing a user ID and password, then returns the session
8557	Creates a SAGA job description for merging trajectories, submits it to a job service, waits for it to complete, and prints job state and exit code.
8558	Starts a series of jobs to run `the_task.py` in batches using the `saga` library. Each batch runs in parallel, waits for completion, and prints the job ID, state, and exit code.
8559	Multiplies `traj.x` and `traj.y`, storing the result in `traj.z` with a comment.
8560	### Summary:
Simulates a model neuron's membrane potential using Euler integration and calculates the firing rate based on spike times.
8561	def neuron_postproc(traj, result_list):  
    Creates a pandas DataFrame to sort neuron firing rates based on parameters (I and tau_ref). Iterates over result_list, populating the DataFrame with firing rates. Stores the formatted DataFrame as a result in traj.
8562	Adds parameters to a trajectory object, including neuron properties and simulation settings.
8563	Explores `I` and `tau_ref` values by generating a Cartesian product and applying it to a trajectory.
8564	Runs a network before the actual experiment by extracting subruns and their durations from the trajectory and calling `_execute_network_run` with `pre_run=True`.
8565	Executes a BRIAN2 network run, divided into subruns. For each subrun, it adds components, runs the network, analyzes results, and removes components.
8566	Extracts subruns from the trajectory based on order annotations, ensuring no duplicates and sorting by order. Raises errors for missing or duplicate orders.
8567	Executes experimental or pre-runs by managing subruns, adding components and analyzers to the network, running the network, analyzing results, and then removing components and analyzers.
8568	Adds parameters for network simulation by calling `add_parameters` on components, analysers, and the network runner in order.
8569	Starts a network run before individual runs, creating a new BRIAN2 network and running it using NetworkRunner. Automatically calls pre_build if initiated by user. Logs pre-run and success statuses.
8570	Methods that first checks if the network is pre-built and if so, restores the pre-run state before running the network. If the network is not pre-built, it proceeds to run the network directly.
8571	```
Starts a single run using NetworkRunner. Constructs network object if not pre-run. Executes simulation and logs success.
```
8572	def make_filename(traj):
  """ Generate a filename based on explored parameters """
  explored_params = traj.f_get_explored_parameters()
  filename = ''.join(f'{param.v_name}_{param.f_get()}__' for param in explored_params.values())
  return filename[:-2] + '.png'
8573	Returns next element from chain, iterating through available iterators until none remain, then raises StopIteration.
8574	Merges all files in a given folder with a specified extension, assuming they contain trajectories. It opens each trajectory, merges them in alphabetical order, and returns the merged trajectory. Optionally deletes other files after merging.
8575	Handler for `SIGINT` that raises `KeyboardInterrupt` on second occurrence.
8576	Writes configuration to a file if provided; otherwise, reads and returns configuration from a file if it exists, or returns an empty dictionary if the file does not exist.
8577	Method to request a PIN from Ecobee for authorization. Constructs a URL with necessary parameters, sends a GET request, and extracts the authorization code and PIN from the response. Logs instructions for user to authorize the application using the received PIN.
8578	Method for fetching API tokens from Ecobee using a POST request with parameters for grant type, authorization code, and client ID. Handles exceptions, checks response status, extracts access and refresh tokens, writes them to a file, and logs errors.
8579	Method to refresh API tokens from ecobee using a POST request to the token endpoint with the refresh token and client ID. Updates the access and refresh tokens and writes them to a file if successful; otherwise, requests a new PIN.
8580	Retrieve thermostats from the ecobee API and store them in self.thermostats. Handle exceptions and refresh tokens if necessary.
8581	Writes API tokens to a file if file_based_config is True, otherwise stores them in self.config.
8582	Modify HVAC mode of selected thermostat.
8583	Set the fan minimum on time for a specific thermostat.
8584	Set a hold temperature for a thermostat by specifying the index, cool temperature, heat temperature, and hold type. Convert temperatures to tenths before sending the request.
8585	Defines a method to set a climate hold for a thermostat, accepts index, climate, and hold type, constructs a body for the request, logs the action, and returns the result of making the request.
8586	Delete a vacation by specifying its index and name.
8587	Resume scheduled program for a thermostat by index, with option to resume all programs.
8588	Send a message to a thermostat using its index and a specified message body. If no message is provided, it defaults to "Hello from python-ecobee!". The message is limited to 500 characters.
8589	Set a specific humidity level for a thermostat by index.
8590	Generates a random delay between 0 and MAX_DELAY_SELECTING, logs the delay, and returns it.
8591	Generates and logs the timeout for retransmitting DHCP messages, doubling the delay with each attempt and adding randomization.
8592	Generate time in seconds to retransmit DHCPREQUEST, limited to a minimum of 60 seconds.
8593	Generate a RENEWING time by calculating a base value, applying a fuzz factor for randomization, and logging the result.
8594	Return dictionary of self attributes not inherited.
8595	Reset object attributes when state is INIT: set defaults for iface, client_mac, xid, and scriptfile, update object state, record timestamp, reset counters, and initialize attributes.
8596	Get timeout for state and function using mapping, compare conditions, return timeout if match found.
8597	Change timeout value for a specific state and function in the ATMT.timeout class method.
8598	def send_discover(self):
    """Send a discover packet."""
    assert self.client and (self.current_state == STATE_INIT or self.current_state == STATE_SELECTING)
    pkt = self.client.gen_discover()
    sendp(pkt)
    if self.discover_attempts < MAX_ATTEMPTS_DISCOVER:
        self.discover_attempts += 1
    timeout = gen_timeout_resend(self.discover_attempts)
    self.set_timeout(self.current_state, self.timeout_selecting, timeout)
8599	Select the first offer received and handle it.
8600	Send DHCPREQUEST packet, update state and attempt counters, set timeouts based on current state.
8601	Sets renewal and rebinding timers.
8602	```
Process received ACK packet. Handle ACK with client's handler, log DHCPACK info, and raise SELECTING if error.
```
8603	The method `process_received_nak` checks if a received packet is a NAK and logs a message if it is. It returns `True` if the packet is a NAK, otherwise `False`.
8604	Sets the DHCP client to the INIT state, resets variables if necessary, and schedules timeouts for subsequent states.
8605	```
BOUND state:
- Logs entry and state change
- Sets current state to STATE_BOUND
- Calls lease info_lease()
- Runs script if available; otherwise, sets IP
- Logs errors during IP set
```
8606	logger.debug('In state: RENEWING')
self.current_state = STATE_RENEWING
if self.script is not None:
    self.script.script_init(self.client.lease, self.current_state)
    self.script.script_go()
else:
    set_net(self.client.lease)
8607	REBINDING state - enters the state, initializes script if available, otherwise sets network
8608	Method END:
- Logs the current state as END
- Sets the current state to STATE_END
- Initializes and runs the script if available
- Otherwise, calls set_net with the client's lease
8609	Set current state to ERROR, log, call script methods if not None, set network, then raise INIT.
8610	Timeout handling in SELECTING state:
- Raise REQUESTING if maximum offers collected or maximum discover attempts reached (no offers).
- Raise REQUESTING if maximum discover attempts reached and offers received.
- Continue in SELECTING state if still waiting for offers or max attempts not reached.
8611	In the REQUESTING state, the method logs a debug message and checks if the number of discover requests exceeds the maximum attempts. If it does, it logs another debug message and raises an error. If not, it logs a final debug message and raises the REQUESTING state again.
8612	Timeout of renewing in RENEWING state. Logs debug information and raises RENEWING exception if maximum request attempts reached; otherwise, logs and raises RENEWING exception.
8613	Defensive method called **timeout_request_rebinding** in a DHCPCAPFSM class to handle the timeout of request rebinding in the REBINDING state, specifically checking the number of request attempts and either raising an error or continuing with rebinding based on the maximum attempts reached or not.
8614	Receive an offer in SELECTING state. If valid, append to offers and select if max offers reached, else stay in SELECTING state.
8615	Receive ACK in REQUESTING state, process it, and raise BOUND if valid.
8616	Receive NAK in REQUESTING state, log debug message, process received NAK, if true, raise INIT.
8617	logger.debug("C3. Received ACK, in RENEWING state.")

if self.process_received_ack(pkt):
logger.debug("C3: T. Received ACK, in RENEWING state, raise BOUND.")
raise self.BOUND()
8618	Logs receipt of NAK in RENEWING state. Processes received NAK and raises INIT if successful.
8619	Receive ACK in REBINDING state, process, and raise BOUND if received.
8620	Receive NAK in REBINDING state, process, and raise INIT if valid.
8621	Action triggered on lease renewal: resets timers and sanitizes network values.
8622	Clones the current object, removes the old value for the given name if it exists, and adds the new value if it's not None. Returns the modified clone.
8623	Clones the object, removes existing parameter with the same name and value, appends the new parameter, and returns the cloned object.
8624	Clone the current object, remove the specified name-value pair from the query string list, and return the modified clone.
8625	Function to retrieve supervisord process statuses using either HTTP or Unix socket communication, with optional authentication.
8626	Create Nagios and human-readable statuses from supervisord data based on provided options.
8627	def main():
    """
    Parse options, generate output and code, write output to stdout, and exit with code.
    """
8628	Validate an SNS message by checking the signing certificate URL, message age, and cryptographic signature.
8629	Reads a TDMS file and returns channel names and corresponding data, including units if available.
8630	Add deformation channel to RT-DC data if missing, using 1-circularity as deformation value.
8631	def tdms2fcs(tdms_file): Converts a TDMS file to an FCS file by reading the data, adding deformation, and writing the FCS file.
8632	Checks if two files are equal by comparing their contents using the 'diff' command with the '-q' option. Returns True if the files are equal, False otherwise.
8633	Adds a new patch to the queue as the topmost applied patch. Creates necessary files and directories, updates the series and patch databases, and notifies of patch creation.
8634	Deletes the next unapplied patch. If remove is True, the patch file is also removed. If remove and backup are True, a copy of the deleted patch file is made. Raises an error if there is no next patch.
8635	Deletes specified patch, optionally removes the file, and can backup the deleted file.
8636	Checks if a backup file exists in the current patch and handles the 'ignore' flag accordingly, either returning True or raising an error.
8637	Creates a backup of a file by copying it to a designated destination directory, incorporating the patch name and file directory.
8638	Adds a file to the specified patch, handles patch resolution, checks for duplicates, backs up the file, and updates file permissions.
8639	Run a command as a subprocess, optionally suppressing output and providing input data. Raises an error if the command returns a non-zero exit code.
8640	Creates directory and parent directories if they don't exist
8641	Recursively copies a directory to a destination. If symlinks is True, copies symbolic links as links; otherwise, copies the contents and metadata of linked files.
8642	Creates a hard link to the file. If the argument is a File object, it extracts the filename. Uses os.link to create the hard link.
8643	Copies a file to a specified destination, creating necessary directories if required.
8644	Returns the directory of the file or None if no directory is found
8645	```python
def backup_file(self, file, dest_dir, copy_empty=False):
    """Backup file in dest_dir directory. Returns a File object if copied, else None."""
    if file.exists():
        if not copy_empty and file.is_empty():
            return None
        dest_dir.create()
        file.copy(dest_dir)
        return dest_dir + file.get_basefile()
    elif copy_empty:
        dest_dir.create()
        dest_file = dest_dir + file.get_basefile()
        dest_file.touch()
        return dest_file
    else:
        return None
```
8646	Refreshes a patch, optionally editing it and comparing changes.
8647	Unapply patches up to patch_name, making it the top patch. Force can be used to bypass checks. Reverses patches for unapply, saves the database, and updates unapplied patches list.
8648	Unapply top patch, check if forced, apply patch to database, save changes, and trigger unapplied event.
8649	Invokes `self._check(force)` and unapplies all patches in reverse order, then saves the database and calls `self.unapplied(self.db.top_patch())`.
8650	Appplies patches up to a specified name, removes already applied patches, and applies the remaining patches in order. Raises an exception if all patches are already applied.
8651	Apply next patch in series file, check if patch exists, apply it if available, save database, and mark patch as applied.
8652	Applies all patches in series file, starting from the top patch, and saves the database after application.
8653	Reads all patches from a series file and stores them in `patchlines` and `patch2line`.
8654	Writes each patch line from self.patchlines to a file, encoded as bytes, followed by a newline character.
8655	Add a patch to the patches list by creating a PatchLine object and appending it to the patchlines list. If the patch exists, store it in the patch2line dictionary.
8656	Insert a list of patches at the front of the current list by creating `PatchLine` objects, appending them, and updating `patch2line` dictionary.
8657	Add patches to the list, optionally inserting them after a specific patch.
8658	Remove a patch from the patches list, check if it exists, remove its line from `patch2line`, and delete it from `patchlines`.
8659	Returns a list of patches after a given patch from the patches list.
8660	Returns a list of patches before the given patch from the `_patchlines_before` method.
8661	Returns list of patches before specified patch, including it.
8662	Replace old_patch with new_patch without changing comments.
8663	Creates a directory if it doesn't exist and insert a .version file
8664	Checks if the version number in the .version file matches the supported version(DB_VERSION). Raises an error if the version is unsupported.
8665	Adds the group and its arguments to an argparse.ArgumentParser instance.
8666	Adds the parsing argument to the given argparse parser instance.
8667	This method adds a new parser to a set of subparsers and populates it with arguments and groups defined in the method's caller.
8668	Sets subparsers arguments and keyword arguments for an argparse.ArgumentParser.
8669	Adds subparsers to an argparse.ArgumentParser and calls add_to_parser method for each subparser
8670	Checks for the existence of a backup file for a given filename in the current patch directory; raises a QuiltError if the file does not exist.
8671	Checks if a backup file of the specified filename exists in patches applied after the given patch. If found, it raises an error indicating the file has been modified by a patch.
8672	Reverts not added changes of a file. Uses the topmost patch if `patch_name` is not provided. Applies patches temporarily to revert changes and handles cases where the file is new or empty.
8673	Imports a patch into the patch queue, inserts it as the next unapplied patch, and optionally renames it before copying to the destination directory.
8674	- Copies multiple patches to a destination directory
- Records the names of the imported patches
- Calls an internal method to handle the imported patches
8675	The method `way` processes each way and creates a new `Way` object containing its valid `Point` objects. It skips ways with IDs not in `self.way_ids` and logs errors for invalid locations.
8676	Get missing node IDs by comparing `node_ids` with `nodes`. Yield node IDs not found in OSM data.
8677	Updates the `self.nodes` dictionary with a `Node` object if the node's ID is not already present, handling `InvalidLocationError` by logging a debug message.
8678	Extract route information from a relation, validate type, create short and long names, map route type, generate URL, extract color, and get agency ID.
8679	Create a meaningful route name based on relation tags, prioritizing 'from-to' format. If not possible, use 'name' or 'alt_name', or a fallback. If a short_name is provided and matches the beginning of the name, remove the short_name from the start.
8680	Constructs an agency ID using SHA-256 hash of its operator tag, modulo 10^8. Returns -1 if no operator tag.
8681	```python
Process files to collect public transport relations, node, and way data. Logs missing nodes and relations.
```
8682	Process relation based on type, visibility, and tags; store relevant information if criteria met.
8683	def create_dummy_data(routes, stops): Build routes and stops map, create calendar, trips, stop times, and frequencies. Return DummyData namedtuple.
8684	def patch_agencies(agencies):
    Yield unknown agency, then normalize urls and timezones for provided agencies.
8685	The method `_create_dummy_trip_stoptimes` generates station stop times for a given trip.
8686	def write_zipped(self, filepath):
    """Write the GTFS feed in the given file."""
    with zipfile.ZipFile(filepath, mode='w', compression=zipfile.ZIP_DEFLATED) as zfile:
        for name, buffer in self._buffers.items():
            encoded_values = io.BytesIO(buffer.getvalue().encode('utf-8'))
            zfile.writestr('{}.txt'.format(name), encoded_values.getbuffer())
        for name, path in self._files.items():
            zfile.write(path, arcname=name)
8687	Write GTFS text files into a specified destination directory by saving buffer contents and copying files.
8688	Extracts agency information from a relation, generating an agency ID based on the operator's name, and returns an Agency object.
8689	Nie mogę bezpośrednio powtarzać kodu, ale mogę streszczyć, co ta metoda robi:Iteruje przez informacje o stronnikach w podanej relacji. Jeśli konkretny stronnik nie był wcześniej odwiedzony, znajduje się w danym grafie i jest typu "stop" lub "halt", tworzy obiekt Stop. Zapisuje informacje o stronniku i zwraca go jako wynik.
8690	Extract shape coordinates from nodes in a relation, skipping ways for efficiency.
8691	Fetches supported U2F versions from device, caching results.
8692	Sends an APDU to a device, waits for a response, and handles the response status.
8693	Securely authenticates a user using a U2F device by processing a list of devices, handling exceptions for connection issues, and prompting the user to touch the device for authentication.
8694	```json
"register": {
    "registers a U2F device",
    "checks U2F version",
    "verifies facet",
    "computes app param and client param",
    "sends APDU request",
    "returns registration and client data"
}
```
8695	Verifies authentication using a challenge and returns client and signature data
8696	This method interactsively registers a single U2F device from a list of provided devices, handling exceptions and retries until successful registration or until all devices have been attempted.
8697	Recursively converts unicode objects in a data structure to UTF-8 encoded byte strings.
8698	Wraps a function, optionally with error reporting and customization. If `func` is provided, it wraps the function with specified parameters. If not, it returns a partial function that can be used later with the specified parameters.
8699	Wraps a class by decorating each function to report errors via a backend, injecting classmethod decorators if present.
8700	IF not only_blame_patterns THEN return True
FOR each pattern in only_blame_patterns
    IF pattern matches filepath THEN return True
RETURN False
8701	If email is valid, checks email_remapping table. Returns mapped email if present. Otherwise, splits email into prefix and domain. If prefix is present in remapping, returns mapped email. If domain is invalid or ignore_vcs_email_domain is set, returns email with default domain. Returns original email if no changes.
8702	Helper function to retrieve a specific entry from a prefix tree by comparing it with entries stored under the same filename.
8703	Converts markdown syntax to reStructuredText format by converting parameters to italics, removing URLs, and disabling numbering in lists.
8704	```
This method starts a server with two processes: an HTTP server for the admin interface and a Thrift server for client code. It takes a configuration file path and an optional storage factory as arguments. If no storage factory is provided, it defaults to using `DiskStorage`. The server logs are configured with timed rotation. It forks into two child processes, one for each server, and starts them. Both processes handle their respective requests and can be interrupted gracefully.
```
8705	Helper function to record errors to the flawless backend. Captures stack trace, preceding stack, and error details. Uses LRU cache to prevent duplicate reports. Sends error report if necessary.
8706	Fetch an image from a URL and convert it to a Pillow Image object.
8707	Convert string data to a Pillow Image object
8708	```python
def validate(validator):
    """Return a decorator to validate function arguments with provided validator, bypassing if validate=False."""
```
8709	Check if an image's dimensions are greater than specified `size`. Raise an `ImageSizeError` if not.
8710	Check image width against minimum required width; raise error if not met.
8711	Check if image height is greater than specified height, raise error if not
8712	Converts text category to tasks.Category instance using slug. Checks slug, loads category instance, handles exception if not found.
8713	Parse numeric fields from an item, return integer value or 0 if non-numeric.
8714	Yields items from the XML source using ElementTree.iterparse, filtering by tag name, and clears each item from memory after yielding.
8715	Saves error data and exception information to a list
8716	Parses data from a source, loading if necessary, processes each item by parsing fields, retrieving or creating a model instance, feeding it data, attempting to save, and handling errors. Finally, unloads the source.
8717	The `parse_item` method processes an item and returns a dictionary of field values. It uses a mapping from field names to source identifiers and employs custom parsing methods if available. If not, it retrieves values directly from the item.
8718	Get item from database based on unique fields, return new instance if not found
8719	Saves a model instance to the database if commit is True, then returns the instance.
8720	Downloads a file from a given URL, handling Gzip compression, and saves it to a specified destination.
8721	Opens and reads the source file in binary mode.
8722	Iterator reads and yields rows from a CSV file as dictionaries, mapping headers to values, while skipping empty rows.
8723	Sets network access based on input value, raises ValueError if sandbox is running.
8724	Runs a command inside a sandbox using Docker, with options for resource limits, timeouts, and redirection. Returns the results as a CompletedCommand object, optionally raising an exception if the command fails or times out.
8725	Copies specified files into a sandbox's working directory, sets ownership and permissions.
8726	Copies a file to the sandbox's working directory and renames it.
8727	Fetch enrollments for a course by ID using the Canvas API, handling pagination and converting data to `CanvasEnrollment` objects.
8728	### Returns enrollments for a course by SIS ID.
8729	def get_enrollments_for_section(self, section_id, params={}): # Fetch enrollments for a given section. Uses pagination to retrieve all enrollments. Returns a list of CanvasEnrollment objects.
8730	Retrieves enrollments for a section by its SIS ID with optional filters.
8731	Retrieve user enrollments from Canvas API, optionally including course details.
8732	Enroll a user into a course using the provided parameters and return a CanvasEnrollment object.
8733	List roles for a Canvas account using the provided ID, including optional parameters.
8734	List roles for an account by SIS ID.
8735	Get all course roles for an account, including inherited ones, and filter out account membership roles.
8736	Get role information by account ID and role ID using Canvas API.
8737	Retrieves role information for a given account SIS ID and role ID.
8738	Method to fetch a course resource by ID, ensuring the "term" include parameter is present in the request.
8739	Return course resource for given SIS ID with optional parameters.
8740	Retrieve a list of courses for a given account ID, optionally filtering by publication status.
8741	Returns a list of courses for an account identified by its SIS ID.
8742	Returns a list of published courses for a given account ID by setting the "published" parameter to True and calling the get_courses_in_account method.
8743	Fetch published courses in an account by SIS ID.
8744	This method retrieves a list of courses for a given registration ID (`regid`). It uses the Canvas API to fetch courses, optionally with additional parameters. The method ensures that the registration ID is temporarily set for the request, retrieves the data, and then converts each course into a `CanvasCourse` object if it has a "sis_course_id," otherwise it calls `get_course` to fetch the details. Finally, it returns the list of courses.
8745	Creates a course in Canvas for the specified subaccount ID with the given course name.
8746	Updates a course's SIS ID on the Canvas API using the provided course ID and new SIS course ID.
8747	Returns participation data for a given account and term by fetching from a Canvas API endpoint.
8748	Returns grade data for a specific account and term by making a GET request to the Canvas API.
8749	Retrieve analytics statistics for a specific account and term using the Canvas API.
8750	Retrieves participation data for a course identified by its SIS ID.
8751	Returns assignment data for a course identified by sis_course_id.
8752	Fetches per-student analytics for a given course using Canvas API.
8753	Retrieves student activity data for a given SIS user ID and course ID by constructing a URL and making an API call.
8754	Retrieves student messaging data for a given user and course ID by making an API request.
8755	```vbnet
Function to retrieve external tools for a given Canvas account ID, handling pagination.
```
8756	Fetches external tools for a given Canvas course ID.
8757	```
Create an external tool using provided JSON data for a given context and context ID.
```
8758	Updates an external tool by making a PUT request to the Canvas API with the provided JSON data.
8759	Deletes an external tool by ID using the specified context and ID, returning True on success.
8760	Check if all required parameters are set on an object. Raises error if any parameter is missing or None.
8761	Retrieves user profile data by user ID from the Canvas API.
8762	Retrieves a list of users for a given course by making a request to the Canvas API and parsing the response into `CanvasUser` objects.
8763	Gets users for a given SIS course ID by routing the request to `get_users_for_course` with the SIS ID and optional parameters.
8764	Create and return a new user for an account with the option to specify an account ID. If account ID is not provided, use the default account ID from the canvas instance. If no default account ID is set, raise an exception.
8765	def get_user_logins(self, user_id, params={}): Retrieves a user's logins using the Canvas API.
8766	Update a user's login for a given account. If account_id is not provided, use the default account_id; otherwise, raise an error.
8767	Parse 'link' header to find 'next' page URL
8768	Canvas GET method on a full URL. Returns the representation of the requested resource, chaining pagination links if indicated.
8769	Method for fetching a paged resource from a Canvas API endpoint, optionally handling pagination and data transformation.
8770	Calls URL with GET method, sets user, constructs full URL, and returns resource representation.
8771	Performs a PUT request to a specified URL with a JSON body, sets headers for content type and accept, and handles non-200 status responses by raising a DataFailureException. Returns the JSON-parsed response data.
8772	POSTs JSON data to a Canvas API endpoint, handling responses and errors.
8773	DELETE method to remove a resource from Canvas. Sets parameters, headers, and URL. Makes a request and handles non-success responses by raising an exception.
8774	Return a list of admins in the account using the Canvas API.
8775	Adds an admin to an account by user ID and role, without sending a confirmation.
8776	Flag an existing user as an admin by account SIS ID.
8777	Remove admin role from user
8778	Remove admin role for user in sis account.
8779	Create a new grading standard for a course using provided details.
8780	Retrieves and returns a section resource from Canvas using the provided section ID and optional parameters.
8781	Return section resource for given sis id.
8782	Retrieves sections from a course by ID, handling pagination.
8783	Return list of sections for the passed course SIS ID.
8784	Get sections with students for a given course by ensuring "students" are included in the request parameters.
8785	Retrieves sections with students for a given SIS course ID by converting the SIS ID and calling a method to get sections with students.
8786	Create a canvas section in a given course with specified name and SIS section ID.
8787	Update a Canvas section by its ID, optionally changing its name and SIS ID.
8788	List quizzes for a given course by making an API call, parsing the response, and creating Quiz objects.
8789	Retrieve a Canvas account resource by its ID and return it.
8790	Fetch and parse sub-accounts for a given parent account ID
8791	Update an account's name using the Canvas API and return the updated account object.
8792	Updates the SIS ID for a Canvas account, ensuring the root account's ID cannot be modified.
8793	Retrieve authentication settings for a specific account using the Canvas API.
8794	Updating authentication settings for the given account_id using the SSO settings provided.
8795	Return a term by its SIS ID.
8796	Imports a CSV string to Canvas using the SIS API, handling authentication and formatting the request.
8797	This method imports a directory of CSV files by building an archive, adding necessary parameters, formatting the URL, setting headers, and making a POST request with the archive as the body.
8798	Fetches the status of a previously created SIS import using the Canvas API.
8799	Creates a zip archive from files specified in CSV_FILES within a given directory and returns the archive as bytes.
8800	Get and parse assignments for a course
8801	Update an existing assignment by sending a PUT request to the Canvas API and return the updated assignment as a JSON object.
8802	Returns a list of reports for a given canvas account ID by fetching data from the API and creating ReportType objects.
8803	Fetches and returns reports of a specific type for a given account ID by iterating through the API response and appending each report to a list.
8804	Generates a report for a Canvas account, optionally includes a term ID, and returns a Report object.
8805	This method generates a course provisioning report by calling `create_report` with specific parameters. It sets the "courses" parameter to True and uses the provided account_id and term_id, with additional optional parameters.
8806	Convenience method for `create_report`, creates a course sis export report.
8807	```python
def create_unused_courses_report(self, account_id, term_id=None):
    """
    Generates a report of unused courses for the given account and term.
    """
    return self.create_report(ReportType.UNUSED_COURSES, account_id, term_id)
```
8808	The method `get_report_data` fetches a completed report as a list of CSV strings. It checks the report's ID and status, raises an exception if invalid, and waits for the report to complete or fail. If successful, it retrieves the attachment URL, downloads the report file, and returns its content as a list of CSV strings.
8809	Returns the status of a report by fetching data from an API endpoint, handling exceptions for missing required attributes, and constructing a Report object with the response data.
8810	Deletes a specific report instance by its type and ID, returning True if successful.
8811	Move detections by dy, dx in label.
8812	Flips horizontal coordinates and adjusts angles for 2.5D detections in a label dictionary.
8813	Converts object to dictionary, handling id fields and related object managers.
8814	Get the arguments from the keyword arguments and update them with the default settings if necessary.
8815	Retrieve the text to display for an empty field, defaulting to a global setting if not configured.
8816	Parse templatetag's arguments and keyword arguments.
8817	Create and register metrics from a list of MetricConfigs using self.registry.create_metrics.
8818	Setup logging for the application and aiohttp with specified log level.
8819	```python
def _configure_registry(self, include_process_stats: bool = False):
    """Configure the MetricRegistry to include process stats if requested."""
    if include_process_stats:
        self.registry.register_additional_collector(ProcessCollector())  
```
8820	Create Prometheus metrics from a list of MetricConfigs and update internal metrics.
8821	Retrieves a metric, optionally applying labels.
8822	Handles home page requests, generates HTML content with title and metric export link, returns response with HTML text.
8823	Async method to handle metrics, updating metrics if a handler is provided, generating metrics, setting content type, and returning the response.
8824	Client queries Wolfram|Alpha for the first result of a free-text query and returns it.
8825	Fixes deprecated method signatures in Python 2's http_client library. Adds compatibility for forward development.
8826	def query(self, input, params=(), **kwargs):
    Sends an API request to Wolfram|Alpha with the given input and parameters, returns the response as a Result object.
8827	Combines and returns the pods, assumptions, and warnings of the result.
8828	Returns primary pods or pods with the title 'Result'.
8829	Encodes data into JSON, sets Content-Type header, and adds data to the request body.
8830	Call API with method, URL, and optional headers, params, data, and files. Return response object and status code.
8831	Calls the API with a GET request, optionally passing query-string parameters. Returns a ResultParser or ErrorParser.
8832	Send a DELETE request to the specified URL with optional query parameters.
8833	Calls the API with a PUT request, passing URL, parameters, data, and files. Returns a ResultParser or ErrorParser instance.
8834	Makes a POST request to the API with optional parameters, data, and files, and returns a ResultParser or ErrorParser instance.
8835	Recursively process a query by splitting it if too long, then submit via POST request.
8836	Split sentences into groups with a specified group length.
8837	disambiguate_pdf processes a PDF file, optionally specifying language and entities. It returns the API response and status.
8838	submits a disambiguation query with optional language and entities, logs the request, calls an API, and returns the response or error status
8839	This method segments text into sentences by calling a service and returns the segmented result along with a status code. If the segmentation fails, it logs a debug message.
8840	Recognize the language of input text using a server API, return the language and confidence score.
8841	Fetches concept information from the Knowledge base using a given ID and language, returning a dictionary of the concept and a response code.
8842	Constructs an MDR ensemble from training data and creates a feature map using ensemble predictions.
8843	Estimates the accuracy of predictions from an MDR ensemble using feature matrix and class labels. Optionally, uses a custom scoring function.
8844	Fit the MDR classifier on the training data. Calculates the class distribution for each feature instance and assigns a class label based on whether the majority class in the feature instance is different from the overall majority class. If the class distributions are equal, the tie is broken using a predefined method. Returns the trained model.
8845	Convenience function that fits the provided data and then predicts labels for the same features.
8846	Estimates prediction accuracy using a scoring function.
8847	Constructs the Continuous MDR feature map from training data, mapping feature instances to 0, 1, or tie_break based on their mean target value relative to the overall mean. Returns the fitted model.
8848	Transforms feature matrix using Continuous MDR feature map to create a binary feature.
8849	Estimates model quality using a t-statistic based on two groups of trait values.
8850	This method fits a Multifactor Dimensionality Reduction (MDR) model to feature arrays X and Y and class labels, then returns the predictions from the model.
8851	fits MDR models to all n-way combinations of features; yields fitted models, scores, and feature names
8852	Generates a matplotlib figure object representing the MDR grid of a given fitted MDR instance, visualizing the interaction between two variables. Each subplot in the grid displays class counts, with grey background indicating the presence of a marker. The function is currently incomplete and lacks features such as common axis labels and support for 3-way+ models.
8853	Returns a dictionary of configuration items from the specified application's config, with the specified prefix removed from the keys.
8854	Get a Flask-Security configuration value using the provided key, with optional app context and default value
8855	Creates a new vector from an iterable of members and an optional metadata map.
8856	Creates a new vector from the provided members with optional metadata.
8857	Reads a file, compiles and executes each form, returns the last form's AST node.
8858	Evaluate forms from a stream into a Python module AST node, compiling and executing each form and returning the last one.
8859	Evaluate string forms into a Python module AST node.
8860	Import a module, bootstrap a namespace, and return the module.
8861	Run a Basilisp script or line of code, initializing, setting context, and handling different input scenarios.
8862	Decorator for creating multi-functions in Python.
8863	Swap methods atom to include method with key
8864	Add a new method to the function, mapped by a key, using the `_methods` attribute and `swap` method.
8865	Retrieve a method based on a key from a cache, returningNoneif not found and no default method is defined.
8866	Remove a method with a specified key from a map.
8867	Remove method by key and return it.
8868	Return True if Var holds a macro function.
8869	Fetches the line and column location of a form from its metadata, returning None if the metadata is absent or invalid.
8870	Attach location information from input form to parsing function's output.
8871	```python
assert_no_recur(node: Node) -> None:
    """Raise an error if `recur` is not in tail position within this or child nodes."""
    if node.op == NodeOp.RECUR:
        raise ParserException("recur must appear in tail position", form=node.form, lisp_ast=node)
    elif node.op in {NodeOp.FN, NodeOp.LOOP}:
        pass
    else:
        node.visit(_assert_no_recur)
```
8872	def _assert_recur_is_tail(node: Node) -> None:
    """Ensure that 'recur' appears only in tail position in the AST."""
    if node.op == NodeOp.DO:
        assert isinstance(node, Do)
        for child in node.statements:
            _assert_no_recur(child)
        _assert_recur_is_tail(node.ret)
    elif node.op in {NodeOp.FN, NodeOp.FN_METHOD, NodeOp.METHOD}:
        assert isinstance(node, (Fn, FnMethod, Method))
        node.visit(_assert_recur_is_tail)
    elif node.op == NodeOp.IF:
        assert isinstance(node, If)
        _assert_no_recur(node.test)
        _assert_recur_is_tail(node.then)
        _assert_recur_is_tail(node.else_)
    elif node.op in {NodeOp.LET, NodeOp.LETFN}:
        assert isinstance(node, (Let, LetFn))
        for binding in node.bindings:
            assert binding.init is not None
            _assert_no_recur(binding.init)
        _assert_recur_is_tail(node.body)
    elif node.op == NodeOp.LOOP:
        assert isinstance(node, Loop)
        for binding in node.bindings:
8873	Resolves a non-namespaced symbol into a Python name or a local Basilisp Var. Looks up the symbol in the current namespace, checks for built-in names, and raises an exception if not found.
8874	Resolves a Basilisp symbol as a Var or Python name, handling special class-name syntax.
8875	Parse input Lisp form into a Basilisp syntax tree matching the clojure.tools.analyzer AST spec.
8876	Returns True if shadowing a defined Var name is warned on, considering warn_on_shadowed_name and an option entry.
8877	Add a new symbol to the symbol table, with options to disable warnings for shadowed names and variables, and to suppress warnings if the symbol is unused.
8878	Produce a Lisp-like representation of an associative collection, bookended with start and end strings. The entries argument is a callable producing key-value tuples. Keyword arguments control the representation's details, such as duplication handling and metadata inclusion.
8879	seq_lrepr produces a Lisp representation of a sequence, including a start and end string. It processes keyword arguments, handles print settings for duplicates and length, and optionally includes metadata. The output is a string formatted as a Lisp list.
8880	Def lrepr(o, human_readable=False, print_dup=PRINT_DUP, print_length=PRINT_LENGTH, print_level=PRINT_LEVEL, print_meta=PRINT_META, print_readably=PRINT_READABLY):
Return string representation of Lisp object with optional formatting and control over output details. Calls _lrepr_fallback for non-LispObject types.
8881	Fallback function for subclasses of standard types.
8882	The `fix_missing_locations` method recursively transforms a node and its children to update their locations. It uses the `start_loc` if provided, otherwise it takes the existing location from the node's environment. If the location is missing, it asserts that location information must be specified. The method then creates a new dictionary of attributes, updates the environment location, and recursively transforms each child node. Finally, it returns the transformed node using the `assoc` method.
8883	Compiles and executes a Lisp form, converting it to Python AST and then executing it in a given Python module. Returns the result of the executed expression.
8884	Compile and execute AST nodes in a module using an optimizer, optionally collecting bytecode.
8885	Define a function to compile Basilisp module into Python bytecode.
8886	Compiles cached bytecode into a given module by bootstrapping it and executing each bytecode.
8887	Create a Sequence from an Iterable s. If s is empty, return EMPTY. Otherwise, return a Sequence with the first two elements of s.
8888	Replace invalid characters in a string with valid ones, ensure it's not a Python keyword or builtin if allowed.
8889	Replace munged string components with their original representation by replacing matched patterns with their respective replacements.
8890	Creates a Fraction object using the given numerator and denominator.
8891	Create a logging handler based on an environment variable, set its formatter and level, and return it.
8892	Creates a new Map instance with the given key-value pairs and optional metadata.
8893	Partition a collection into groups of specified size, yielding each group as a tuple.
8894	Wrap a reader function to add line and column information using a decorator.
8895	Reads a namespaced token from input, handling namespaces, slashes, word characters, and allowed suffixes, returning the namespace and name as strings.
8896	Reads a collection from the input stream, handling whitespace, collecting elements until the end token is encountered, and then returns the collection created by applying the provided function.
8897	Read a list element from the input stream.
8898	Reads a vector element from the input stream by advancing the reader and ensuring it starts with "[". Then calls _read_coll to parse the vector.
8899	Read a set from the input stream, ensuring no duplicate values.
8900	_read_map reads a map from an input stream using a ReaderContext, handling nested maps and ignoring comments.
8901	Reads a string from the input stream, handling escape sequences and terminating on a closing double quote. If allow_arbitrary_escapes is True, unknown escape sequences are added unchanged.
8902	Reads a symbol from input, resolves it using resolver in ReaderContext if in syntax quoted form, validates namespace and name according to rules, and returns a MaybeSymbol.
8903	Reads a keyword from the input stream, ensuring it does not contain a '.' in the name.
8904	The function reads metadata and applies it to the next object in the input stream. It parses the metadata as a symbol, keyword, or map, then attempts to attach this metadata to the following object. If the metadata cannot be attached or if the input types are incorrect, it raises a SyntaxError.
8905	```python
Parse a function macro, read arguments, and build a function body with named arguments.
```
8906	Read a quoted form from the input stream by advancing past a leading quote, reading the next form while consuming comments, and wrapping the result in a quoted list.
8907	Expand syntax quoted forms by recursively processing elements. If an element is unquoted, wrap it in a list. If it is unquote-spliced, return the element directly. Otherwise, process it and wrap in a list.
8908	Post-process syntax quoted forms to generate appropriate types at runtime. Lists, vectors, sets, and maps are transformed, while symbols and other forms are quoted or passed through unchanged.
8909	Reads a syntax-quote character, sets the syntax-quoting state, and processes the contained form while ignoring comments.
8910	Reads an unquoted form, handling both `~form` and `~@form` cases. Returns `(unquote form)` for `~form` and `(unquote-splicing form)` for `~@form`.
8911	Reads an "@" symbol, then the following form, and returns a list containing "DEREF" and the next form.
8912	Reads a character literal from the input stream, handling special escape sequences and Unicode characters.
8913	Read a regex pattern from input, convert it to a regex object, or raise SyntaxError if invalid.
8914	Reads a reader macro from the input stream and returns a LispReaderForm based on the syntax.
8915	Read the next full form from the input stream, skipping any reader comments. Return the next valid form or EOF.
8916	Read the next full form from the input stream based on the current token.
8917	Read a stream as Lisp expressions, optionally specifying a namespace resolver and custom data readers. Ignore comments and handle EOF errors or return an iterator of expressions.
8918	Reads a string as a Lisp expression using a buffer, applying optional resolvers and data readers, and handling EOF with specified parameters.
8919	Opens a file and yields the contents as a Lisp expression, passing additional keyword arguments to the read function.
8920	Update line and column buffers after adding a new character. Column resets to 0 for new lines, increments for other characters.
8921	Pushes one character back in the stream, decreasing the index by one and checking if it exceeds the pushback depth.
8922	Incrementally parse a stream of characters by advancing the index or reading from the stream, update location, append to buffer, and return the next token.
8923	constructs a byte array for a Basilisp bytecode cache file, including a magic number, modification time, source size, and marshaled code.
8924	Reads Basilisp bytecode cache, validates file header, checks timestamps and sizes, returns unmarshalled code objects.
8925	Given a source file path, returns the path to the corresponding cached file with a ".lpyc" extension. The function splits the input path into the directory and file name, treates the file name as a base, and appends ".lpyc" to it to construct the cache file path.
8926	def hook_imports():
    """Plays hook with Python's imports, adding a custom Basilisp importer."""
8927	Find ModuleSpec for specified Basilisp module, searching in given or default path for .lpy files. Return None if not found.
8928	Load and execute a cached Basilisp module.
8929	The method `_exec_module` loads and executes a Basilisp module. It reads the module, compiles it using a compiler that collects bytecode, caches the collected bytecode, and logs the duration of the loading process.
8930	def exec_module(self, module):
    Compiles a Basilisp module into Python code. Handles caching and reuses cached versions when available, unless caching is disabled. Initializes the module's namespace and adds default imported values.
8931	function to create a new symbol with optional namespace and metadata
8932	Return an iterable of possible completions for the given text that starts with ":". If the text contains "/", return completions that match the namespace before the "/" and the name or namespace starting with the text after the "/". Otherwise, return completions that match the name or namespace starting with the text.
8933	```
def __get_or_create(kw_cache: "PMap[int, Keyword]", h: int, name: str, ns: Optional[str]) -> PMap:
    If the hash h is in the cache, return the cache. Otherwise, create a new Keyword instance with the given name and namespace, and add it to the cache with the hash h as the key.
```
8934	Create a new keyword using a name and an optional namespace, then retrieve it from a cache using its hash.
8935	Chain generated Python ASTs into dependency and node streams
8936	Recursively generates a Python Attribute AST for resolving nested names.
8937	Wraps simpler AST generators, returning a GeneratedPyAST.
8938	Converts a collection of Lisp forms into Python AST nodes. Returns two PyASTStream objects.
8939	Hydrate Generated Python AST nodes with line numbers and column offsets from the node environment if specified.
8940	Wraps a generator function to add line and column info to the returned AST node.
8941	Decorates a generator function to attach line and column info to the returned AST node and its dependencies if they are newly created in the function. Dependencies returned by other functions are assumed to already have location info.
8942	Definitely, I understand! Based on your examples, please provide the code or the method you would like summarized.
8943	Return True if Var can be redefined based on metadata.
8944	Transform non-statements into ast.Expr nodes to allow them as standalone statements.
8945	Converts a series of expression AST nodes into a function AST node with the given name, which returns the result of the final expression.
8946	Check if a redefinition warning should be emitted based on metadata and namespace lookups.
8947	Converts a `do` expression to a Python AST_node by generating ASTs for its statements and return value, encapsulating them in a function and binding the result to a variable.
8948	Generate a safe Python function name from a function name symbol or a default name if none is provided.
8949	Converts function method parameters to Python AST nodes, handling both regular and variadic parameters, and generates the function body in AST format.
8950	def __single_arity_fn_to_py_ast(ctx, node, method, def_name=None, meta_node=None) -> GeneratedPyAST:
    """Converts a single-arity Lisp function to Python AST."""
    assert node.op == NodeOp.FN
    assert method.op == NodeOp.FN_METHOD

    lisp_fn_name = node.local.name if node.local is not None else None
    py_fn_name = __fn_name(lisp_fn_name) if def_name is None else munge(def_name)
    py_fn_node = ast.AsyncFunctionDef if node.is_async else ast.FunctionDef

    with ctx.new_symbol_table(py_fn_name), ctx.new_recur_point(method.loop_id, RecurType.FN, is_variadic=node.is_variadic):
        if lisp_fn_name is not None:
            ctx.symbol_table.new_symbol(sym.symbol(lisp_fn_name), py_fn_name, LocalType.FN)

        fn_args, varg, fn_body_ast = __fn_args_to_py_ast(ctx, method.params, method.body)
        meta_deps, meta_decorators = __fn_meta(ctx, meta_node)

        decorators = list(chain(meta_decorators, [_BASILISP_FN_FN_NAME], [_TRAMPOLINE_FN_NAME
8951	Converts a Lisp function with multiple arities to a Python AST.
8952	def _fn_to_py_ast(ctx: GeneratorContext, node: Fn, def_name: Optional[str] = None, meta_node: Optional[MetaNode] = None) -> GeneratedPyAST:
    """Convert a `fn` expression to a Python AST Node."""
    assert node.op == NodeOp.FN
    if len(node.methods) == 1:
        return __single_arity_fn_to_py_ast(ctx, node, next(iter(node.methods)), def_name=def_name, meta_node=meta_node)
    else:
        return __multi_arity_fn_to_py_ast(ctx, node, node.methods, def_name=def_name, meta_node=meta_node)
8953	Converts if nodes with recur bodies to custom Python ASTs, handling recur nodes by wrapping them in continue statements.
8954	Converts a Basilisp if statement to a Python AST. Generates temporary variables and switches if/else bodies for short-circuit evaluation.
8955	Convert a Basilisp function invocation to Python AST by generating the function and argument ASTs, then combining them into a call node.
8956	Convert a quoted expression to a Python AST node.
8957	Convert a node in a recursive loop to its Python AST representation, handling multiple targets and expressions.
8958	def _recur_to_py_ast(ctx, node) -> GeneratedPyAST:
    assert node.op == NodeOp.RECUR
    assert ctx.recur_point is not None
    handle_recur = _RECUR_TYPE_HANDLER.get(ctx.recur_point.type)
    assert handle_recur is not None
    ctx.recur_point.has_recur = True
    return handle_recur(ctx, node)
8959	Converts a `set!` expression to a Python AST node. Handles different target types (HostField, VarRef, Local) and generates appropriate AST nodes.
8960	Returns a Python AST for a `throw` expression by defining a custom raise function and calling it with the exception.
8961	def _try_to_py_ast(ctx: GeneratorContext, node: Try) -> GeneratedPyAST:
    """Converts a Try node to a Python AST Node."""
    try_expr_name = genname("try_expr")
    body_ast = _synthetic_do_to_py_ast(ctx, node.body)
    catch_handlers = list(map(partial(__catch_to_py_ast, ctx, try_expr_name=try_expr_name), node.catches))
    finally_ast = _synthetic_do_to_py_ast(ctx, node.finally_) if node.finally_ else []
    finallys = list(map(statementize, chain(finally_ast.dependencies, [finally_ast.node])) if finally_ast else [])
    return GeneratedPyAST(
        node=ast.Name(id=try_expr_name, ctx=ast.Load()),
        dependencies=[
            ast.Try(
                body=list(chain(body_ast.dependencies, [ast.Assign(targets=[ast.Name(id=try_expr_name, ctx=ast.Store())], value=body_ast.node)])),
                handlers=catch_handlers,
                orelse=[],
                finalbody=finallys
            )
        ]
    )
8962	This method generates a Python AST node for accessing a locally defined variable. It handles both field and non-field types, and differentiates between assignments and load operations based on the `is_assigning` flag.
8963	Generate Var.find calls for the named symbol.
8964	Generate a Python AST for accessing a Var. If Var is dynamic, redefinable, or USE_VAR_INDIRECTION is set, use indirection. Otherwise, try direct variable access. If direct access fails, warn and use indirection.
8965	Converts a host field to a Python AST attribute node, handling assignment.
8966	Generate Python AST for accessing a module variable name.
8967	Generate a Python AST node for accessing a potential Python module variable name with a namespace.
8968	Generates Python AST nodes for constant Lisp forms, recursively handling nested collections.
8969	Converts quoted collection literals in Lisp forms to Python AST nodes, handling only constant values.
8970	def gen_py_ast(ctx: GeneratorContext, lisp_ast: Node) -> GeneratedPyAST:
    """ Takes a Lisp AST node and returns zero or more Python AST nodes using the appropriate handler for the node's operation. This function handles recursion for child forms."""
    op: NodeOp = lisp_ast.op
    assert op is not None, "Lisp AST nodes must have an :op key"
    handler = _NODE_HANDLERS.get(op)
    assert handler is not None, f"No handler defined for op {op}"
    return handler(ctx, lisp_ast)
8971	def _module_imports(ctx: GeneratorContext) -> Iterable[ast.Import]: Generate Python Import AST nodes for required language support modules, including 'basilisp' with an optional alias.
8972	Generate the Python From ... Import AST node for importing language support modules.
8973	Assigns a Python variable to the value of the current namespace.
8974	Creates a new set from the given members and optional metadata.
8975	Creates a new set from members.
8976	Eliminate dead code from except handler bodies by recursively visiting the handler and filtering its body.
8977	Eliminate no-op constant expressions in standalone statements.
8978	Eliminate dead code from function bodies by visiting the FunctionDef node, filtering its body using `_filter_dead_code`, and returning a new FunctionDef node with the updated body while preserving the original location.
8979	Eliminates dead code from while loops by recursively visiting the loop's body and else clause, then returns a new while loop node with the filtered body and else clause, preserving the original location.
8980	def visit_Try(self, node: ast.Try) -> Optional[ast.AST]:
    """Remove dead code from try, except, else, and finally blocks."""
    new_node = self.generic_visit(node)
    assert isinstance(new_node, ast.Try)
    return ast.copy_location(ast.Try(
        body=_filter_dead_code(new_node.body),
        handlers=new_node.handlers,
        orelse=_filter_dead_code(new_node.orelse),
        finalbody=_filter_dead_code(new_node.finalbody),
    ), new_node)
8981	Create a new empty Basilisp Python module with specified name and docstring. Initialize module attributes including loader, package, and spec. Set a custom attribute to indicate bootstrapping status.
8982	Return the first element of a sequence if it's not None and an instance of ISeq, otherwise convert to a sequence and return the first element or None.
8983	If o is None, return None. If o is a ISeq, return its rest, or lseq.EMPTY if empty. Otherwise, convert o to a seq and return its rest, or lseq.EMPTY if conversion fails.
8984	Returns the nth rest sequence of coll, or coll if i is 0.
8985	Returns the nth next sequence of a collection, or None if the collection is exhausted.
8986	Creates a new sequence with `o` as the first element and `seq` as the rest. If `seq` is `None`, returns a list with `o`. If `seq` is not a `ISeq`, attempts to convert it to a `ISeq` and then adds `o` to the beginning.
8987	Converts an argument to a ISeq, or returns None if the argument is None.
8988	def concat(*seqs) -> ISeq:
    """Concatenate sequences into a single ISeq, handling empty sequences gracefully."""
8989	Associate keys to values in an associative data structure m. If m is None, returns a new Map with key-values kvs. If m implements the Associative interface, calls its assoc method with kvs. Raises TypeError if m does not implement the interface.
8990	Conjoins elements to a collection, maintaining the type of the original collection or returning a list if it is None.
8991	Return a function that pre-applies arguments to another function.
8992	Deref function Retrieves contents of an object. Waits up to a specified timeout if object implements IBlockingDeref. Returns the object's contents or a timeout value if the timeout is reached. Raises an error if the object cannot be dereferenced.
8993	Comares two objects by value, excluding type-based checks for bool and None.
8994	Divide two LispNumber values, returning a Fraction if both are integers, otherwise performing true division.
8995	Sorts a collection of elements. If a comparator function is provided, uses it to sort the elements in a stable manner. Returns a sequence of the sorted elements.
8996	Return True if coll contains key k.
8997	Return the value of k in m, default if k not found in m.
8998	Recursively converts Python collections to Lisp collections, optionally keywordizing keys.
8999	Recursively converts Lisp collections into Python collections.
9000	Produce a string representation of an object, with options for human-readable formatting and control over printing details.
9001	Collects Python starred arguments into a Basilisp list, converting tuples to llist.list.
9002	Defining a decorator that repeatedly calls a generator until it returns a non-generator value.
9003	Decorator to set attributes on a function and return it.
9004	Adds metadata to a function, either by merging it with existing metadata or setting it if none exists. Handles both synchronous and asynchronous functions.
9005	Define "_" function to create Basilisp function, add meta and with_meta method.
9006	Resolve the aliased symbol in the current namespace, handling special forms, aliased namespaces, and variables.
9007	Resolve an aliased symbol to a Var from a specified or current namespace.
9008	Adds generated Python code to a dynamic variable in a specified namespace, or the current namespace if none is provided.
9009	Define and initialize core namespace variables and functions, handling dynamic variable bindings and printing settings.
9010	Interno a value bound to a sym.Symbol in a namespace, creating or retrieving the Var object and assigning the root value.
9011	Create a new unbound `Var` instance for the symbol `name` in the namespace `ns`.
9012	Return the current value bound to `name_sym` in the namespace `ns_sym`, or `None` if not found.
9013	def find(ns_qualified_sym: sym.Symbol) -> "Optional[Var]":
    Retrieve the current binding of a name in a specified namespace.
9014	def find_safe(ns_qualified_sym) -> Var:
    """Return the Var bound to `ns_qualified_sym` or raise an exception if not found."""
9015	Adds a gated default import to the default imports, ensuring 'basilisp.core' is not imported before macro-expanding.
9016	Define a method to add a Symbol alias for a Namespace, updating the _aliases attribute with the new alias and its associated Namespace.
9017	Maps a Var to a Symbol in the namespace, optionally overwriting existing mappings if force is True.
9018	Swap function to atomically intern a new variable in the symbol mapping if not already present or when forced.
9019	Search for a Var mapped by the given Symbol; return None if not found.
9020	Add a symbol as an imported symbol in the namespace, and optional aliases can be applied.
9021	Try to resolve module directly. If not found, use import aliases. Return module or None.
9022	```python
def add_refer(self, sym: sym.Symbol, var: Var) -> None:
    """Refer var in this namespace under the name sym if it's not private."""
    if not var.is_private:
        self._refers.swap(lambda s: s.assoc(sym, var))
```
9023	Get the Var referred by Symbol, return None if not found.
9024	Refer all public interns from another namespace to the current namespace.
9025	Refer all Vars in the other namespace.
9026	private function to atomically swap namespace maps in the global cache
9027	Retrieve or create a namespace by name, using the module if provided.
9028	Get the namespace bound to a symbol from the global namespace cache, returning the namespace or None if not found.
9029	Remove the namespace bound to the symbol `name` from the global namespace cache and return it. If the namespace does not exist, return None.
9030	Return a function that checks if any symbol key in a map entry starts with the given text.
9031	Generates completions for a given prefix from aliased namespaces, optionally filtering by a specific namespace. Returns an iterable of completion paths.
9032	Generates completions matching a prefix from imports and aliases, optionally refining with a module name.
9033	Return an iterable of possible completions for the given prefix from the list of interned Vars, optionally including or excluding private variables.
9034	Returns an iterable of Var names matching the given prefix from the list of referred Vars.
9035	Return an iterable of possible completions for the given text in the namespace, considering aliases, imports, interns, and refers.
9036	Return the arguments for a trampolined function, unrolling the final argument if it is a sequence and the function has varargs. If no varargs, return the original arguments. If the list is empty, return an empty tuple.
9037	Creates a new list with the given members and optional metadata.
9038	Creates a new list from the given members with an optional meta parameter.
9039	This function modifies the style of a scalar value during serialization using a custom representer.
9040	Decrypts a JWE token, decodes the resulting JWT token, and returns the payload, handling potential exceptions.
9041	Encrypts JSON using specified keys and returns a JWE token.
9042	Deletes a key from the request cache and memcache.
9043	Converts a `Constraint` instance to a tuple containing its `selector`, `comparison`, and `argument`.
9044	```
The method `close` sends an end-of-file signal to the writer if possible, then closes the writer.
```
9045	def parse_str_to_expression(fiql_str): Parses a FIQL string into an Expression object, handling nested expressions and constraints, and raises an exception if the format is incorrect.
9046	Custom JSON dump using a custom encoder to write chunks of data to a file pointer.
9047	Handles decoding of nested date strings.
9048	Tries to decode strings that look like dates into datetime objects by parsing them and removing timezone info if present, returns the datetime object or the original value if parsing fails.
9049	Override of the default decode method that attempts to decode using `decode_date` first; if unchanged, falls back to the default JSON decoder.
9050	Defining a method to override the default JSONEncoder for NDB support. Checks the object type, updates it if necessary, and then uses a dictionary to map types to encoding functions before falling back to the generic JSONEncoder.
9051	Check if version string contains only integers and return it or print an error message if not.
9052	ODD project directory, validate version, generate changelog if valid version provided, then return.
9053	Tarjan's algorithm to find strongly connected components in a graph.
9054	Def RecRobustTopologicalSort(InGraph : Graph) -> List[Node]:
    # Identify SCCs, link SCCs, and sort
    Components = IdentifySCCs(InGraph)
    NodeToComponent = {Node : Component for Component in Components for Node in Component}
    ComponentGraph = {Component : [] for Component in Components}
    
    for Node in InGraph:
        Component = NodeToComponent[Node]
        for Successor in InGraph[Node]:
            SuccessorComponent = NodeToComponent[Successor]
            if Component != SuccessorComponent:
                ComponentGraph[Component].append(SuccessorComponent)
    
    return TopologicalSort(ComponentGraph)
9055	Sets the parent ``Expression`` for an object, ensuring it is of type ``Expression``. Raises an exception if the parent is not of the correct type.
9056	Returns the parent `Expression` object, raises `FiqlObjectException` if parent is `None` or not an `Expression`.
9057	Add an Operator to the Expression. Handles precedence levels and nests or moves operators accordingly. Raises an exception if invalid operator type.
9058	Adds an element (Operator, Constraint, or Expression) to the Expression, updates its parent, appends to the elements list, and returns the updated Expression or adds an operator if the element is invalid. Raises FiqlObjectException for invalid types.
9059	Update an "AND" operator to the expression with specified elements.
9060	Adds "OR" Operator to the "Expression" and joins it with the specified elements. Returns updated Expression.
9061	Decorator to log function calls and their arguments using module logger.
9062	Parse incoming bytes from socket into a list of OrderedDicts, stripping null bytes and splitting messages by line.
9063	Convert list of tuples to OrderedDict with keys and values as strings.
9064	Check if a specific command is present with an optional value in a list of messages. Returns the matching message or None.
9065	Convert commands to bytes, prepend prefix, log, and return.
9066	Flushes incoming socket messages, printing each message in debug mode and handling errors gracefully.
9067	Enables a scan field with specified parameters and waits for the operation to complete.
9068	Save scanning template to specified filename.
9069	Loads a scanning template from a specified filename, ensuring proper formatting and handling of file extensions.
9070	def get_information(self, about='stage'):
"""Send a command to retrieve information about a given keyword, defaulting to 'stage', and wait for the response."""
9071	Defines a function `incfile` that reads a Python file and includes specified lines in a docstring formatted for reStructuredText.
9072	Find and return the location of package.json or raise an error if not found.
9073	Read package.json, load JSON data, return it
9074	Handle API errors for YOURLS by parsing JSON response for error codes and messages, and raising specific exceptions based on the error type.
9075	Validate URSL response, handle HTTP errors, extract and process JSON data.
9076	Combine two waveforms into one by creating a common independent variable vector and interpolating the dependent variable vectors accordingly.
9077	Determine the type of interpolation and scaling, and then use the appropriate scipy.interpolate function to create a new dependent variable vector based on the input independent variable vector. If the interpolation type is "STAIRCASE", handle the last data point separately. Round the result and convert to integer if the original dependent vector was integer and the rounding did not change the values substantially.
9078	Create a vector of independent variables that is the intersection of the ranges of two input vectors.
9079	Verify if two waveforms can be combined using mathematical functions by checking compatibility in independent and dependent scales, units, and interpolation methods.
9080	Backup original manifest name. Load systemJS manifest. Remove non-existent files. Restore original manifest name. Return valid file entries.
9081	This function `trace_pars` defines trace parameters by setting file paths for pickle, input callables, and output callables. It also retrieves the value of the environment variable `NOPTION` and specifies a list of values to exclude. The function returns a namedtuple containing these parameters.
9082	```plaintext
The run_trace function runs module tracing and generates documentation.
```
9083	Shorten URL with optional keyword and title, returns shortened URL and associated data. Raises exceptions for various error conditions.
9084	def expand(self, short):
    """Expand short URL to long URL using YOURLS API.

    Args:
        short (str): Short URL or keyword.

    Returns:
        str: Expanded long URL.

    Raises:
        YOURLSHTTPError, HTTPError
    """
9085	Retrieve URL stats for a given short URL or keyword.
9086	### Get stats about links, filter, limit, start. Normalise random to rand. Validate filter. Make request, parse JSON, return list of links and DBStats
9087	```python
def db_stats(self):
    """Get database statistics.

    Returns:
        DBStats: Total clicks and links statistics.

    Raises:
        requests.exceptions.HTTPError: Generic HTTP Error
    """
    data = dict(action='db-stats')
    jsondata = self._api_request(params=data)

    stats = DBStats(
        total_clicks=int(jsondata['db-stats']['total_clicks']),
        total_links=int(jsondata['db-stats']['total_links'])
    )

    return stats
```
9088	Prints the output of a Bash shell command formatted in reStructuredText.
9089	Prints the STDOUT of a Bash shell command formatted in reStructuredText.
9090	Writes a log message if the verbosity level is greater than or equal to the specified level.
9091	@cached decorator creates a property that caches its value upon first access and stores it in an instance variable.
9092	break an iterable into chunks and yield those chunks as lists.
9093	def chunkprocess(func): Takes a function and returns a wrapper that chunks an iterable into smaller parts and applies the function to each chunk, yielding the results.
9094	Flattens a nested iterable, optionally applying a mapping function, and yields each non-iterable item or the result of recursive flattening.
9095	Sets a signal handler for INT that prints an optional message and exits the script.
9096	Printing a table in TSV format by iterating through its records and separating fields with a specified delimiter.
9097	Create an object with a custom representation using provided attributes.
9098	Parse human-readable string to bytes, support decimal and bits, apply appropriate divisor and key.
9099	```
def cli(ctx, apiurl, signature, username, password):
    """Command line interface for YOURLS.

    Configuration parameters can be passed as switches or stored in .yourls or ~/.yourls.
    Requires either apiurl and signature or apiurl, username, and password for authentication.

    If configs are not provided, raises click.UsageError.
    """
    if apiurl is None:
        raise click.UsageError("apiurl missing. See 'yourls --help'")

    auth_params = {'signature': signature, 'username': username, 'password': password}

    try:
        ctx.obj = YOURLSClient(apiurl=apiurl, **auth_params)
    except TypeError:
        raise click.UsageError("authentication parameters overspecified. See 'yourls --help'")
```
9100	Trace module exceptions with specified parameters.
9101	Reads a JSON file, sorts its keys, formats the URLs into Sphinx links, wraps lines to a specified width, and outputs the results.
9102	Generate Python version entries for 2.x or 3.x series by appending a formatted string to a list.
9103	For each Python version in pkg_pyvers, create a string with the version number and the corresponding operations converted to words, then append it to plist.
9104	Converts requirement specification symbols to words
9105	Chunk input noise data into valid Touchstone file rows by zipping frequency, noise figure, magnitude, angle, and resistance, then yielding each chunk.
9106	Iterate through frequency and data, chunk data into rows based on format, and yield formatted rows.
9107	Writes a Touchstone file with specified options, data, and optional noise. Ensures data validity, formats it in scientific notation, and handles noise data if applicable.
9108	Define independent variable vector bounds for a waveform.
9109	def _build_units(indep_units, dep_units, op):
    "Construct math operations for units."
    if not dep_units and not indep_units:
        return ""
    if dep_units and not indep_units:
        return dep_units
    if not dep_units and indep_units:
        return remove_extra_delims("1{0}({1})".format(op, indep_units) if op == "/" else remove_extra_delims("({0})".format(indep_units)))
    return remove_extra_delims("({0}){1}({2})".format(dep_units, op, indep_units))
9110	Performs a generic operation on a waveform object by copying it, updating dependency units and name, and applying a function pointer to the dependency vector.
9111	Calculate the running area under a curve using trapezoidal and triangular sections.
9112	Validate `indep_min` and `indep_max` against a waveform's independent variable vector, adjusting if `None`, and ensure they are within bounds.
9113	`acos` returns the arc cosine of a waveform's dependent variable vector, validated to ensure values are within the range [-1, 1]. Raises ValueError if input is out of range. Uses `_operation` with `np.arccos`.
9114	The `acosh` function computes the hyperbolic arc cosine of a waveform's dependent variable vector. It raises a `RuntimeError` if the waveform is invalid and a `ValueError` if any element in the dependent variable vector is less than 1.
9115	Function asin computes the arc sine of a waveform's dependent variable vector. It checks for math domain errors and raises exceptions if the input waveform's dependent values are outside the range [-1, 1]. If valid, it applies the arcsin operation using numpy and returns the resulting waveform.
9116	def atanh(wave):
    Calculates the hyperbolic arc tangent of a waveform's dependent variable vector. Raises ValueError if the dependent variable is outside the range [-1, 1].
9117	Return the running average of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9118	Converts a waveform's dependent variable vector to decibels.
9119	The function `derivative` computes the numerical derivative of a waveform using the backwards differences method. It takes a `Waveform` object and optional `indep_min` and `indep_max` parameters to specify the range of computation. The function raises errors if invalid arguments are provided. The result is a new `Waveform` object representing the derivative of the input waveform.
9120	This code defines the function "ffti," which computes and returns the imaginary part of the Fast Fourier Transform of a given waveform (`wave`). The function allows for optional parameters to specify the number of points (`npoints`), the start and stop points of the independent variable vector (`indep_min`, `indep_max`). If any of the arguments are invalid or the sampling is non-uniform, it raises a runtime error.
9121	Return the magnitude of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform, optionally limiting the number of points and specifying the range of the independent variable.
9122	Computes and returns the phase of the Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9123	fftr performs a Fast Fourier Transform on a waveform and returns the real part of the result. It allows specifying the number of points and range of the independent variable vector for the transform.
9124	Return the inverse Fast Fourier Transform (IFFT) of a waveform, converting the dependent variable to decibels (dB). Adjust the number of points, and specify the independent variable range for the computation. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments or incongruent range inputs.
9125	This function returns the imaginary part of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a given waveform. It optionally allows specifying the number of points for the transform, the start and end points for computation within the independent variable vector. The function may raise various runtime errors if the input arguments are invalid or if there are inconsistencies in the input data.
9126	Return the magnitude of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9127	Returns the phase of the inverse Fast Fourier Transform of a waveform, with optional parameters for the number of points, independent vector range, and unwrap/angle units.
9128	Return the real part of the inverse Fourier Transform of a waveform.
9129	Return the running integral of a waveform's dependent variable vector using the trapezoidal method, optionally specifying the range of the independent variable for computation.
9130	Return the group delay of a waveform by calculating the negative derivative of the unwrapped phase divided by \(2\pi\).
9131	**Summary:** Returns the natural logarithm of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9132	Calculate the numerical average of a waveform's dependent variable vector, optionally considering a range defined by indep_min and indep_max.
9133	Numerically integrates a waveform's dependent variable vector using the trapezoidal rule, optionally specifying a range defined by indep_min and indep_max. Returns the integral as a float.
9134	Returns the maximum value of a waveform's dependent variable vector, optionally constrained by independent variable bounds. Raises errors if inputs are invalid.
9135	Return the minimum value of a waveform's dependent variable vector, optionally with a specified range for the independent variable.
9136	Returns the phase of a waveform's dependent variable vector, with options to unwrap phase shifts and convert to degrees.
9137	Round a waveform's dependent variable vector to a specified number of decimal places.
9138	Calculate the square root of a waveform's dependent variable vector.
9139	### Summary:
Subsets and optionally resamples a waveform based on independent variable bounds and step size.
9140	Converts a waveform's dependent variable to complex type. Raises RuntimeError if invalid argument.
9141	Converts a waveform's dependent variable vector to float while handling exceptions for invalid arguments and complex numbers.
9142	Converts a waveform's dependent variable vector to integer, raising errors for invalid inputs or complex numbers.
9143	def wvalue(wave, indep_var): Determines the dependent variable value at a given independent variable point using linear interpolation if necessary. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments or out-of-range independent variables.
9144	Allow lookups only for `jspm_packages` and a directory specified in `settings.SYSTEMJS_OUTPUT_DIR`. If the path does not start with one of these directories, return an empty list. Otherwise, call the parent class's `find` method with the provided path and all flag.
9145	Extracts the first sentence of the first paragraph from a long description by iterating through each line.
9146	Builds a mathematical expression from a hierarchical list, handling numbers, unary operators, and multi-term operators, applying parentheses based on operator precedence.
9147	Return position of next matching closing delimiter, removing it from items. Raiseserror if mismatched delimiters.
9148	Parse function calls from an expression, identifying function names, arguments, start and stop positions, and validating function names.
9149	def _pair_delims(expr, ldelim="(", rdelim=")"):
    """Pair delimiters in expression."""
    lindex = [num for num, item in enumerate(expr) if item == ldelim][::-1]
    rindex = [num for num, item in enumerate(expr) if item == rdelim]
    return [(lpos, _next_rdelim(rindex, lpos)) for lpos in lindex]
9150	Parse mathematical expressions using PyParsing, handling variables, numbers, and various operators, including precedence and associativity.
9151	Remove consecutive delimiters in mathematical expressions.
9152	def _split_every(text, sep, count, lstrip=False, rstrip=False):
    Split text by count of separator, clean list items if specified
9153	Converts a number to a tuple with mantissa and exponent in engineering notation.
9154	Converts a number to a string without using scientific notation. Handles both integers and floats, ensuring the output is always in expanded form.
9155	Converts number to engineering notation with specified fractional length and justification. Handles rounding and clamping to valid ranges. Returns a string formatted in engineering notation.
9156	Converts a number represented in engineering notation to its floating point equivalent.
9157	Return the fractional part of a number represented in engineering notation as an integer.
9158	Return the mantissa of a number represented in engineering notation.
9159	Return engineering suffix and its floating point equivalent of a number.
9160	Returns engineering suffix from starting suffix and offset. Raises RuntimeError or ValueError for invalid arguments.
9161	Remove consecutive delimiters and improperly placed delimiters in mathematical expressions.
9162	Convert a number to a scientific notation string, optionally specifying the length of the fractional and exponent parts, and ensuring the sign is always present for non-negative numbers.
9163	Converts a number to its scientific notation components (mantissa and exponent) as a named tuple. Handles integers, floats, and strings. Preserves full precision using the Decimal type.
9164	Seeks and removes the sourcemap comment from a file, reading from the end to optimize performance. Returns the sourcemap comment or None.
9165	Check if `self.app` lacks the '.js' extension, based on the `SYSTEMJS_DEFAULT_JS_EXTENSIONS` setting, and return `True` if it does.
9166	Get paths, construct command, run bundle, handle errors, add import statement if needed, return relative path.
9167	Trace the dependencies for an app using a tracer instance with caching to avoid re-tracing and reuse results.
9168	Compares deptree file hashes with cached hashes. Returns True if all hashes match, False otherwise.
9169	Converts bytes to a hexdump using 4-byte offsets, 16-bytes of hex output, and 16 ASCII characters.
9170	Parser for docstrings, extracts parameters and return information.
9171	Returns a list of all valid identifiers for the current context.
9172	Lazy load a callable by importing a context module on-demand, optimizing startup time by deferring the import until needed.
9173	Split a line into arguments using shlex and dequoting if necessary.
9174	Check if the current context matches any initialization commands, and if so, execute them.
9175	Def `_builtin_help` returns help info for a context or function. If no args, it lists the last context's dirs. If one arg, it finds the function and returns its help. If multiple args, it returns a usage message.
9176	def find_function(self, context, funname):
    Searches for a function named funname in context. Checks builtins first, then context. Supports lazy loading of functions. Raises NotFoundError if not found.
9177	This function lists all functions in a given context, including builtins. It gathers documentation, function signatures, and short descriptions, and outputs them in a structured format.
9178	Check if an argument is a flag by verifying it starts with - or -- and the subsequent characters are alpha-numeric or -.
9179	This method processes command-line arguments, separating them into positional and keyword arguments, based on the function's metadata. It handles both short (-f) and long (--flag) flags, and allows for flexibility in specifying boolean keyword arguments. The method returns a tuple containing the processed positional arguments, keyword arguments, and any unused arguments.
9180	This method extracts a value for a keyword argument from a list. If the type is "bool", it defaults to True if no value is provided or if the next argument is a flag. Otherwise, it raises an error if no value is found.
9181	```python
Invoke a function with given arguments, handling different types of function calls and updating the context accordingly.
```
9182	Invoke a function or functions from a list of arguments. Search for functions using the current context, convert string parameters to appropriate Python types based on annotated type information, and return a boolean indicating if a new context was created and any remaining command line arguments.
9183	Parse a string line, ignored empty lines and comments, split the line into arguments, and invoke them. Returns a boolean indicating if a new context was created and a list of remainder command line arguments if not all arguments were consumed.
9184	Splits a param statement into a name, type, and optional description, validating the type string and raising an error if the colon or parentheses are missing.
9185	Parse a return statement declaration from a docstring. Handles both 'show-as' and 'format-as' formats, or a simple type declaration. Validates show-as values and extracts relevant information for a return type and description.
9186	Converts section name to lowercase and checks against predefined keywords to determine the canonical name. Returns corresponding section constant or None if no match found.
9187	This method classifies a line into different types of objects based on its content and formatting, such as blank lines, section headers, continuation lines, list items, or plain lines.
9188	Join adjacent lines into paragraphs using a blank line or indent as separator.
9189	Wrap and format a docstring. Adjust width, toggle parameter and return inclusion, exclude specific parameters.
9190	Converts a value to a specified type, handling bytearray conversion, type retrieval, and propagating validation errors.
9191	Converts binary data to a specified type, ensuring the correct size and calling the type's convert_binary method.
9192	def get_type_size(self, type):
    Get size of a type object; return 0 if unknown.
9193	Converts value to specified type and formats it as a string using default or specified formatter.
9194	Validate that a type object has 'convert' or 'convert_binary' and 'default_formatter' methods, raising an ArgumentError if any are missing.
9195	Check if a given type name is in the known_types list and return True if it is, otherwise False.
9196	Splits a potentially complex type into its base type and specializers. If the type is not complex, returns the base type and an empty list of specializers. If the type is complex, returns the base type, a boolean indicating true, and a list of specializers. Raises an error if the syntax is incorrect.
9197	This method instantiates a complex type by checking if the base type is valid, validating all subtypes, and then building and injecting the type object.
9198	def get_type(self, type_name):
    """Return type object for a given name, loading external types if necessary."""
    type_name = self._canonicalize_type(type_name)
    type_name = self._transform_type_name(type_name)
    if self.is_known_type(type_name):
        return self.known_types[type_name]
    base_type, is_complex, subtypes = self.split_type(type_name)
    if is_complex and base_type in self.type_factories:
        self.instantiate_type(type_name, base_type, subtypes)
        return self.known_types[type_name]
   i = 0
    for i, (source, name) in enumerate(self._lazy_type_sources):
        if self._load_external_source(source, name):
            break
    self._lazy_type_sources = self._lazy_type_sources[i:]
    if not self.is_known_type(type_name):
        raise ArgumentError("Unknown type", type=type_name)
    return self.get_type(type_name)

def _load_external_source(self, source, name):
    """Load external type source and return success/failure."""
    try:
        if isinstance(source, str):
            mod = pkg_resources.get_entry_point(source).load()
            type_system.load_type_module(mod)
        else:
9199	Check if a specified format is valid for a given type by verifying the existence of a corresponding formatter method.
9200	Adds a type to the type system, validating its format and ensuring it's not already defined.
9201	Iterate through symbols in a module, import them as types, and inject them, ignoring symbols starting with _.
9202	Check if positional arguments meet the function's requirements among specified names and defaults.
9203	Adds type information for a parameter by name, validating it with specified rules and optionally providing a description. Raises error if parameter is unknown or annotated multiple times.
9204	Add type information to the return value with optional formatter.
9205	The method `custom_returnvalue` sets up a return information object using a custom printer function and an optional description.
9206	Tries to match a parameter name based on a short prefix, considering filled positional arguments. Raises ArgumentError if the match is ambiguous or not found. Returns the full parameter name on success.
9207	Get parameter type information by name
9208	Return formatted function signature with optional custom name.
9209	Format the return value as a string based on its type or a formatter function. Return None if the function does not return data.
9210	Convert and validate a positional argument based on its index and value, adjusting for bound methods. Returns the converted value.
9211	Check positional and keyword arguments for missing, duplicate, or excessive values, and use default values where necessary. Raises errors if specifications are not met. Returns a dictionary of argument names and values.
9212	Converts and validates an argument value based on its type and validators.
9213	Formats exception as a string, optionally excluding class name, and includes additional parameters.
9214	Converts an exception to a dictionary with 'reason', 'type', and 'params'.
9215	Converts and validates arguments based on function metadata, then executes the function with the converted arguments. Raises an error if not enough parameters are specified.
9216	Parses a list of validator names or n-tuples, returning a list of validator function names and their optional parameters.
9217	Find all non-private functions with metadata or string annotations in a container and return them in a dictionary.
9218	Given a module, this function creates a context from all top-level annotated symbols in the module, includes the module's docstring if available, and sets the context attribute. It returns the module's name and the created context.
9219	def get_help(func): Return usage info for a function or context, including signature, docstring, and argument types if available.
9220	Decorator to store type and validation info about function parameters.
9221	A decorator that specifies how the return value of a function should be handled, with deprecated parameters for description and data type.
9222	Specify a function return type with optional formatting.
9223	Decorator to mark a class as a context, optionally specifying a name.
9224	Deferrably annotate a function with its docstring information; improve startup time by doing so. Requires correctly formatted docstrings, use typedargs pylint to validate.
9225	Marks a function as callable from the command line and initializes metadata about its arguments.
9226	Given a function, returns the first line of its docstring, or an empty string if no docstring is present.
9227	Load cron modules for applications listed in INSTALLED_APPS. If PROJECT_MODULE is present, attempt to import its cron module. Load Django tasks from loaded applications, handling any improperly configured tasks without interruption.
9228	Registers cron tasks from a registry.
9229	Prints crontab tasks for debugging.
9230	Uninstalls tasks with a specific comment from a user's cron table. Returns the number of tasks removed.
9231	Create a project handler for a given URI.
9232	Def load: Load project config data from local path Returns: Dict: project\_name -> project\_data
9233	Saves projects configs to a local path.
9234	Creates a property `name` on `carrier` class, which returns an instance of `cls` created only once. Uses a private variable to store the instance and a getter to initialize it if not already.
9235	Get project dependencies, optionally recursive. Returns a dictionary of project names and instances.
9236	def post_process(func): Decorator to call the project handler's equivalent function and pass the result and additional keyword arguments.
9237	Initializes a project, handles failed language initializations, and returns a list of failed languages.
9238	def setitem(self, key, value): If object has _lens_setitem method, call it, otherwise create a copy of object, set the item, and return the copy.
9239	Copy the object, set the attribute, and return the new object. If the object has a _lens_setattr method, call that instead.
9240	def from_iter(self, iterable): Attempts to recreate a copy of the current object using data from the iterable. Raises NotImplementedError if the method _lens_from_iter is not implemented.
9241	```python
def set(self, newvalue):
    '''Set the focus to `newvalue`.
    Returns a function that takes the current state and returns the state with the focus set to `newvalue`.
    '''
```
9242	Setter for multiple values
9243	Define a method `modify` that takes a function `func` as an argument and returns a new function `modifier`. The `modifier` function applies `func` to the focus of the optic using the `over` method and returns the modified state.
9244	Returns a function that collects `n` arguments and returns them as a tuple.
9245	Raises `NotImplementedError` with a message indicating an unimplemented lens method.
9246	Applies a function `f` to all foci of a lens, collecting results using an applicative functor.
9247	Returns the focus within a given state, attempting to join multiple foci as a monoid if they exist. Raises TypeError if the optic is not an instance of Fold or ValueError if there is no focus to view.
9248	Returns a list of all foci within `state` using the Fold optic. Raises TypeError if not an instance of Fold.
9249	Applies a function to all foci within a state, requiring a Setter type, otherwise raises TypeError.
9250	Sets all foci within `state` to `value` if the optic is of type Setter, otherwise raises TypeError.
9251	This code defines a method `iterate` that sets all the foci within a given state to values from an iterable, using a Setter optic. It raises a TypeError if the optic is not a Setter. The method iterates over the iterable, applying a function to update each focus with the next value from the iterable, and unwraps the result.
9252	def kind(self): Determines which class in a list represents the 'kind' of optic the instance belongs to by checking if it satisfies a condition with the `_is_kind` method. Returns the first matching optic class.
9253	The `main` function initializes a `GameState` object, sets up a loop to handle user input, updates the game state accordingly, and prints the updated state until the game ends.
9254	Calculates and returns a vector moved one step in the direction of another vector, potentially diagonally.
9255	Manages player movement based on input, updates game state, and checks if input affected state.
9256	Moves robots towards player, detects crashes, removes crashed robots
9257	Sets game state to complete with optional message.
9258	Prompts player to enter a move, prints board, and returns move coordinates as tuple.
9259	Create board and play game until winner is determined. Print final board and winner.
9260	Definitely, here's a concise summary of the provided method:

If the specified cell on the board is empty, fill it in with the current player's mark and return the updated board. If the cell is already occupied, return the board unchanged.
9261	Check each potential win; return winner if found, else check for draw; return ongoing if no winner or draw.
9262	Generates board positions for win checks: rows, columns, and diagonals.
9263	Add item to items list and upload to S3 if list size >= max_chunk_size
9264	Callback function stores a timestamp to replace {time} in S3PIPELINE_URL when the spider is opened.
9265	Upload items to S3. Skip if no items. Create file object. Build object key. Attempt upload; track success/failure. Reset for next chunk.
9266	Builds a file object from items using ItemExporter, with optional gzip compression.
9267	Returns account state info for a given address.
9268	Returns asset state info for a given asset ID using an RPC call.
9269	Returns block info by hash or index, detailed if verbose.
9270	Computes and returns the hash for a given block index.
9271	The method get_block_sys_fee retrieves the system fees of a specific block by its index, returning the fees in NeoGas units.
9272	Returns contract information for a given script hash via JSON-RPC.
9273	Retrieves detailed transaction information in JSON format by default, or as an hexadecimal string if verbose is set to False.
9274	def get_storage(self, script_hash, key, **kwargs):
    """Returns the value stored in a contract's storage for a specified key.

    :param script_hash: Contract script hash
    :param key: Key in storage to retrieve
    :type script_hash: str
    :type key: str
    :return: Value associated with the storage key
    :rtype: bytearray
    """
    hexkey = binascii.hexlify(key.encode('utf-8')).decode('utf-8')
    hexresult = self._call(JSONRPCMethods.GET_STORAGE.value, params=[script_hash, hexkey], **kwargs)
    result = bytearray(binascii.unhexlify(hexresult.encode('utf-8'))) if hexresult else hexresult
    return result
9275	Returns transaction output info for a given hash and index.
9276	Invoke a contract using script hash and parameters, return the execution result as a dictionary.
9277	Invokes a contract's function with given parameters and returns the result.
9278	```python
Invokes a script on the VM and returns the result as a dictionary.
```
9279	Broadcasts a raw transaction over the NEO network and returns the result.
9280	Validates a string as a NEO address and returns a verification result as a dictionary.
9281	Calls the JSON-RPC endpoint, constructs the request payload and headers, and processes the response to extract the result or raise appropriate errors.
9282	Takes a string and returns True if it is a valid SHA256 hash, otherwise False.
9283	def is_hash160(s): Determines if a string is a valid RIPEMD160 hash by checking if it is 40 characters long and contains only hexadecimal characters.
9284	Converts invocation parameters to a list of JSON-RPC compatible dictionaries based on parameter types.
9285	Tries to decode the values in the 'stack' key of an invocation result dictionary, then returns the modified dictionary.
9286	def first_kwonly_arg(name): decorator to convert default args into keyword-only args in Python 2 and 3.
9287	Applies a sequence of time transformations to a timezone-aware datetime object.
9288	Convert datetime to specified timezone, adjusting for DST if necessary.
9289	Saves barcode as a file with specified options. Renders barcode, saves to filename, returns full filename.
9290	Renders the barcode with specified options. Uses default writer options unless specified otherwise. If `write_text` is True, sets the text attribute. Builds the barcode, renders it using the writer, and returns the raw output.
9291	Calculates the EAN13 checksum by summing the even-positioned digits, tripling the sum of odd-positioned digits, and finding the modulo 10 difference from 10.
9292	This method `render` takes a list of strings (`code`) representing a barcode and renders it using callbacks. It first calls an 'initialize' callback if it's registered. Then, for each line in the `code`, it sets the starting position (`xpos`) to the quiet zone, iterates over each module ('0' or '1'), and paints it using either the background or foreground color based on the module value. After painting each line, it adds a right quiet zone. If text is enabled, it calculates and sets the text position based on whether it should be centered or left-aligned and then calls the 'paint_text' callback. Finally, it calls the 'finish' callback and returns its result.
9293	Method for configuring a session manager in Pyramid. Sets default configuration values for a key-value store and creates a client with the specified settings.
9294	Manages environment variables, remotely editing text files, and handling file uploads/downloads in a S3-like system.
9295	Download a file or folder from an S3-like service. If the REMOTE_PATH has a trailing slash, it is considered a folder, and the function will copy the files and subfolder structure to the LOCAL_PATH. If the REMOTE_PATH does not have a trailing slash, it is considered a file, and the function will download the file to the LOCAL_PATH.
9296	Upload a local file or folder to an S3-like service.
9297	Synchronizes a section's environment file from S3 to a local folder, mapping files as specified.
9298	Looks up a folder named after the section in the local config folder, uploads an environment file from the S3CONF variable for this section to the remote S3CONF path, and outputs the difference between the local and remote configurations. Raises an error if the environment file path is not defined.
9299	parse_env_var parses a string like ENV_VAR_NAME=env_var_value and returns a tuple containing the.env var name and value. It trims spaces, encodes the value, and removes surrounding quotes if present.
9300	Define function `basic` with parameters `username` and `password`. Set `_config.username` and `_config.password` to provided values.
9301	Authenticate using an API key by setting the authorization header with the encoded key.
9302	Yields JSON objects from all `.json` files in a folder and its subfolders.
9303	Reads the list of JSON file names from a directory, filters out names in a blacklist, and returns a dictionary with schema names mapping to Schema objects.
9304	Get the schema from a JSON file.
9305	Return a jsonschema.RefResolver for the schemas, using the provided schemas and resolving them locally.
9306	Validates an object against a schema using jsonschema. If the object matches the schema, the function does nothing. If the object does not match, a ValidationException is raised.
9307	Return a list of valid examples for a schema by reading JSON files from a specified directory.
9308	Return a list of examples invalid according to the schema.
9309	Builds authorization URL for user access. If no client_id, raises error. Includes client_id, scope, response_type, and redirect_uri in the URL parameters.
9310	Process redirect URI for authentication tokens and errors, raise exception on error, return authentication code.
9311	#### refresh or acquire access_token.
9312	Returns cached user ID if available, otherwise fetches and caches it from user data.
9313	Retrieves a list of objects within a specified folder on OneDrive.
9314	Create a folder with a specified name and optional metadata under a given parent folder id.
9315	Adds a comment message to a specified object using the API.
9316	Convert or dump object to unicode, handling bytes and forcing encoding as needed.
9317	Recursively sets the drop target for an object and its children.
9318	Handle drag operation, create custom data object with metadata and bitmap, initiate drag and drop, refresh if move occurs.
9319	Sets default top-level window for toolbox menu default action, assigns designer and inspector.
9320	Open inspector window for given object
9321	Open a shell GUI window.
9322	Converts PythonCard font description to gui2py style by renaming 'faceName' to 'face' and changing 'sansSerif' to 'sans serif'.
9323	Loads a page from a given location and displays it; if no location is provided, clears the page.
9324	Fetches a parameter from a tag; returns default if not found. Raises KeyError if default not provided.
9325	Process an outgoing message, send it, and log it.
9326	Show a welcome tip message with various functionalities described.
9327	Handle mouse down event by getting the selected object and capturing mouse input for selection or rubberband effect based on control and shift keys.
9328	The `mouse_move` method handles moving selected objects in a GUI application using mouse events. It calculates the new position of the selected object based on the mouse movement and the Shift key state for snapping to a grid. If the overlay is active, it draws a rubber-band rectangle to indicate the area that will be affected by the move.
9329	Resizes or moves a wx objects based on mouse events and user interactions, snapping to grid if Shift is pressed. Tracks position and size changes, updates GUI elements accordingly, and resets margins on resize.
9330	Handle cursor key presses to move selected components one pixel at a time, optionally snapping to a grid based on the Shift key. Handle Delete for deletion and Insert for duplication of selected components. Additionally, print key codes for unrecognized keys when DEBUG is True.
9331	Delete selected objects, clean selection, refresh inspector.
9332	Duplicate selected objects by creating exact copies and updating references.
9333	Capitalize the first letter of the method name.
9334	Sets a top-level window's position to the absolute lower-right of the screen.
9335	Retrieves Python data associated with a GUI item.
9336	Set the wx item data associated with the python item, creating and storing a unique key for the mapping.
9337	Searches for an item containing the requested data by first looking up the data in an internal dictionary and then searching the wx control using the appropriate method based on the version of wxPython.
9338	Remove an item from a list control and clear related data.
9339	Clears data maps and deletes all items from a ListCtrl.
9340	Remove all items and column headings.
9341	Sets the selected item in a control, handles cleanup and events.
9342	Returns the label of the selected item in a multi-select list or a single selection, or an empty string if no item is selected
9343	Associate client data with an item at position n and reverse the association in a dictionary.
9344	Adds an item to the control with an optional data association.
9345	### def represent(obj, prefix, parent="", indent=0, context=False, max_cols=80): Constructs a string representing the object.
9346	Find an object by name, either from a dictionary or wxWindows, and return it.
9347	Create a new object with the same properties as the current object, assign a new ID, and recursively duplicate each child in the new parent.
9348	Adds a control to the window's sizer, setting flags and border as necessary, and handling grid layout if present.
9349	Sets a new parent for a child control, also reparenting in wx if not called from constructor.
9350	Draws multiple copies of a background bitmap on a device context, tiled to cover the entire client area, with optional scrolling adjustments.
9351	Redraws the image on the canvas as a background, with tiling or single draw based on the tiling preference.
9352	Custom draws a label with anti-aliased and semi-transparent settings when the background is transparent.
9353	def find_modules(rootpath, skip): crawls directory tree rooted at rootpath, skips specified modules/packages, and returns a dictionary mapping packages to their submodules.
9354	Return a sorted list of GridColumn children elements in the order they were inserted into the Grid.
9355	Update grid view by processing row and column changes, updating values, and refreshing the display.
9356	Trigger an event in the grid to refresh all displayed values.
9357	Update the column attributes by setting the appropriate renderer and width for each column in the grid.
9358	Sorts the data in a table based on the values in a specified column.
9359	Remove all rows and reset internal structures by deleting items in reverse order and clearing the grid view.
9360	Creates a wx.ComboBox control, binds its EVT_COMBOBOX event to OnChange, and pushes a new event handler.
9361	BeginEdit fetches a value from a table and prepares an edit control with choices, setting the initial selection and focus.
9362	Completes cell editing, returns True if changed.
9363	Determine if a key event should initiate editing, allowing it only if neither Control nor Alt is pressed and the Shift key is not pressed.
9364	Handles keypress in editor, converts to character, and selects in control.
9365	Generates a metaclass that registers its class as handling input of a specified type when instantiated.
9366	def Enable(self, value): Enables or disables all menu items in the menu.
9367	check if all menu items are enabled
9368	Enables or disables all top menus based on the input value.
9369	Checks if all top-level menus are enabled in an object. Returns True if all menus are enabled, False if any are disabled.
9370	Removes a menu item from the list by its value rather than its position.
9371	Process form submission, build data set, add button name if available, create FormSubmitEvent, and process event.
9372	Add a tag attribute to a wx window.
9373	Convert spaces in the first column of a table to non-breaking spaces.
9374	Get the most suitable autodoc.Documenter class for a Python object `obj`, considering its parent if provided, by checking the object's type and attributes, and using a registry of documenter classes with priorities.
9375	Reformat function signature to a more compact form, handling arguments, options, and string stripping.
9376	Import a Python object by recursively importing modules and accessing attributes until the full path is found.
9377	autolink_role is a role that checks if a target can be imported and links it accordingly, or wraps it in emphasis if it cannot.
9378	Displays a pop-up dialog with optional scrolling.
9379	def prompt(message="", title="", default="", multiline=False, password=None, parent=None):展示输入框或密码输入框，返回用户输入的字符串或None。
9380	Show a dialog to select a font, using a default font if provided. Return the selected font.
9381	Display a color selection dialog and return the selected color if accepted.
9382	Show a directory dialog and return the selected path
9383	def find(default='', whole_words=0, case_sensitive=0, parent=None):
    "Shows a find text dialog and returns search results"
9384	Force the appearance of the button next to the item to allow expanding items with children, minimizing memory usage and loading time when adding them.
9385	Sets the icon of an object using a resource, if provided, and handles exceptions gracefully.
9386	Display or hide the window, optionally disabling all other windows. If modal, waits for user interaction before returning control.
9387	Open, read, and evaluate the contents of a resource file.
9388	```python
def save(filename, rsrc):
    "Save the resource to the specified file"
    s = pprint.pformat(rsrc)
    open(filename, "w").write(s)
```
9389	Create a gui2py window based on provided Python resource, setting window properties, handling components, and adding a menu bar if specified.
9390	The function `build_component` constructs a GUI control from a given resource dictionary. It extracts control type and components from the resource, retrieves the corresponding GUI class from a registry, creates an instance of the control, and recursively builds its subcomponents. The control is then returned.
9391	This method `connect` associates event handlers with components in a graphical user interface. It takes a `component` and an optional `controller`. If no controller is provided, it defaults to the caller's module. It then iterates through functions in the controller that start with "on_", maps event names according to `PYTHONCARD_EVENT_MAP`, and binds the event handler to the corresponding attribute of the component.
9392	This method maps a legacy GUI2Py attribute name to its corresponding new name using a dictionary called PYTHONCARD_PROPERTY_MAP. If a mapping exists, it prints a warning message and returns the new name. If no mapping is found, it returns the original name.
9393	Copies data to the clipboard, handling strings and bitmaps.
9394	Find items documented in the given object's docstring.
9395	If obj is given, set it as root_obj; otherwise, use the current root_obj. Clear the tree, add a root item, and build the tree with the root and obj. Expand the root item.
9396	Selects an object in a tree and shows its properties, optionally allowing editing and showing a context menu.
9397	Load the selected item in the property editor. If `edit_prop` is True, edit the properties. If `select` is True and `designer` is available, select the object.
9398	Update the tree item when the object name changes, search for the old name, scroll to and select the item, update the new name.
9399	Popup a context menu with options for the selected object, including deleting, duplicating, bringing to front, sending to back, and adding a child.
9400	Transforms an image into a scaled and cached version, then returns a URL to it. Handles cases where no image is provided, or the request context is unavailable.
9401	def expression_filter(self, name, **kwargs):
    Adds an expression filter and returns a decorator function.
9402	Returns a decorator for adding a node filter.
9403	Asserts that the current page path matches the given path or regex, optionally considering query parameters. Raises an exception if the assertion fails.
9404	Asserts that the page does not match the given path. Raises an exception if the assertion fails.
9405	Checks if the current page path matches the given string or regex. Returns True if it matches, False otherwise.
9406	Checks if the page's current path does not match the given path (either a string or regex). Returns True if the path does not match, False if it does.
9407	Check if the option is disabled, warn if so, then select the option.
9408	Filters an XPath expression based on a given value, skipping the filter if specified or if the value is invalid. If the value is invalid and a default is provided, it uses the default; otherwise, it skips the filter.
9409	Returns a WebDriver instance for the specified browser, using the given capabilities and options.
9410	```py
def xpath(self, exact=None):
    """
    Generates an XPath query based on the selector's expression.
    
    Args:
        exact (bool, optional): Whether to exactly match text.
    
    Returns:
        str: The XPath query.
    """
    
    exact = exact if exact is not None else self.exact
    
    if isinstance(self.expression, AbstractExpression):
        expression = self._apply_expression_filters(self.expression)
        return to_xpath(expression, exact=exact)
    else:
        return str_(self.expression)
```
9411	Determines if a node matches given filters by checking its text, visibility, and additional node-specific filters.
9412	Switches to the specified frame or parent frame. Raises errors if called incorrectly within frame contexts.
9413	Accepts an alert, optionally matching its text and waiting for it to appear.
9414	Executes wrapped code, accepting a confirm dialog with optional text and wait time. Raises ModalNotFound if dialog not found.
9415	Execute wrapped code, dismiss a confirm modal, match text, wait for modal appearance
9416	Accepts a prompt, optionally responds to it, and waits for a modal dialog to appear.
9417	def dismiss_prompt(self, text=None, wait=None):
    Execute wrapped code, dismissing a prompt with optionally specified text to match and max wait time. Raises ModalNotFound if modal not found.
9418	Saves a page snapshot to a specified or default path, returning the save path.
9419	Saves a screenshot of the page to a specified or randomly generated file path and returns the path.
9420	### Raise server errors if enabled and reset error state afterwards
9421	Checks if a node matches a filter rule given a value. Returns True if the node matches, False otherwise. Handles invalid values by either defaulting to a specified default value or skipping the filter.
9422	Checks if a checked field with the given label, value, or id exists on the page or current node.
9423	Checks if a page or node has no radio button or checkbox with the given label, value, or id that is currently checked.
9424	Checks if a radio button or checkbox with the given label, value, or id is unchecked.
9425	Checks if the page or current node has no radio button or checkbox with the specified label, value, or id, and is currently unchecked. Returns True if it doesn't exist.
9426	def assert_text(self, *args, **kwargs):
    """
    Asserts that the page or current node has the given text content, ignoring HTML tags, and returns True if successful.
    Raises ExpectationNotMet if the assertion fails.
    """
9427	Asserts that a page or node doesn't contain the specified text, ignoring HTML tags. Raises an expectation error if the text is found.
9428	Asserts that the current page has a title matching the provided string or regex, waiting if necessary, and raises an exception if the assertion fails.
9429	Asserts that the page title does not contain the specified string or regex pattern. Raises an exception if the title matches during the wait time.
9430	Checks if the page title matches the given string or regex pattern, returning True if it does and False otherwise.
9431	Checks if a page title does not contain the specified title, returning True if it doesn't match.
9432	Method to find all elements matching a given selector and options on a page, supporting XPath and CSS expressions, with options to filter by text, visibility, or count expectations.
9433	Find the first element matching the given selector and options, or None if no element matches. If capybara.wait_on_first_by_default is true, it will wait for at least one matching element. Returns the found element or None.
9434	Extracts and concatenates the text and XML of a node and its children.
9435	Extracts and concatenates the text content of an XML node, including text before, between, and after child nodes, while excluding markup.
9436	def normalize_url(url): Normalize the URL by escaping all query keys.
9437	The `setter_decorator` function defines a write-only property in Python, allowing property assignment in three ways: traditional assignment, via method argument, or through decoration. The property ensures that the setter function is callable, either directly or as a decorator.
9438	def synchronize(func=None, wait=None, errors=()):
    Attempts to run a function repeatedly until it succeeds, handling specific exceptions and retries until a timeout is reached.
9439	def _should_catch_error(self, error, errors=()):
    """
    Determines if the error should be caught based on the provided error type and a list of specific errors.

    Args:
        error (Exception): The error to check.
        errors (Tuple[Type[Exception]], optional): Exception types to catch; defaults to invalid element errors plus ElementNotFound.

    Returns:
        bool: True if the error should be caught, False otherwise.
    """
9440	Compares the result count to query options返回一个整数值，表示结果数量是否符合要求。
9441	Attempts to fill the result cache with at least the given number of results, returning True if successful, False if the iterator is exhausted.
9442	def expects_none(options):
    """
    Determines if any key in the options dictionary is not None for keys "count", "maximum", "minimum", "between"
    and then checks if the count is zero using the matches_count function.
    Returns True if a possible count of zero is expected, otherwise False.
    """
    return bool(options.get("count")) or bool(options.get("maximum")) or bool(options.get("minimum")) or bool(options.get("between")) and matches_count(0, options)
9443	Returns an expectation failure message based on query description and options.
9444	Returns True if the given count matches any of the specified options (count, minimum, maximum, or between) in the options dictionary. If no options are specified, any count is considered acceptable.
9445	def normalize_text(value): Convert input to string, remove extra whitespace, and handle None. Returns normalized text.
9446	Remove outer whitespace and collapse inner whitespace in the input text.
9447	Converts text to a compiled regular expression, optionally requiring exact matching.
9448	Determines if a query resolves for a given session by comparing the session's current URL to the expected path, which can be a regex or a static URL.
9449	Resizes the window to the given dimensions.
9450	Boots a server if it isn't already running. Starts a new thread for the server, ensuring it isn't blocking the main process. Waits up to 60 seconds for the server to become responsive, raising an error if it fails to start. Returns the server instance.
9451	Descriptor to modify the class-wide getter of a property.
9452	Modifies instance method. Takes a callable as input and updates the instance method, returning the object itself.
9453	Descriptor to change or set a class method.
9454	Get outer traceback text for logging. If logging traceback is enabled, extract exception information and traceback details, concatenate them to form a standard traceback string.
9455	def __get_obj_source(self, instance: typing.Any, owner: typing.Optional[type] = None) -> str:
    """Return object's representation or a default string."""
    if self.log_object_repr:
        return repr(instance)
    else:
        owner_name = owner.__name__ if owner else instance.__class__.__name__
        return f"<{owner_name}() at {hex(id(instance))}>"
9456	Get logger for instance. If self.logger is not None, return it. Otherwise, check if instance has a logger or log attribute that is an instance of logging.Logger. If so, return it. If none found, return _LOGGER.
9457	Sets a logger instance or creates one from a string name.
9458	Calls the Slack API with the given method and parameters, ensures the token is included, and returns the JSON response. Verifies the response if required.
9459	Retrieves the list of channels for the Slack team, caching the result if not already available.
9460	Retrieves the list of users for the slack team by calling the 'users.list' API if not already cached. Returns the cached list of users.
9461	Performs high-level message creation. Takes text and channel name/ID, packs into bytes.
9462	Translate machine identifiers into human-readable names by replacing user and channel IDs with their corresponding names.
9463	Send message to Slack channel; defaults to 'general' if not specified.
9464	def read_channel(self):
    Read messages from the channel layer and forward to the protocol.
9465	Initialize SlackAPI, connect to RTM, and start the client using a factory.
9466	Parse arguments, validate token, import channel layer, and boot client.
9467	Return a dict of keys that differ between two dictionaries.
9468	Adds color codes to a string if colorization is enabled, otherwise returns the original string.
9469	Run on task start; set task name; reset printed flag.
9470	def v2_runner_on_ok(self, result, **kwargs):
    """Run when a task finishes correctly."""
    if "print_action" in result._task.tags or result._result.get("failed") or result._result.get("unreachable") or self._display.verbosity > 1:
        self._print_task()
        self.last_skipped = False
        msg = result._result.get("msg") or result._result.get("reason") or result._result.get("message")
        stderr = "\n".join(e for e in (result._result.get("exception"), result._result.get("module_stderr")) if e).strip()
        self._print_host_or_item(result._host, result._result.get("changed"), msg, result._result.get("diff"), is_host=True, error=result._result.get("failed") or result._result.get("unreachable"), stdout=result._result.get("module_stdout"), stderr=stderr)
        if "results" in result._result:
            for r in result._result["results"]:
                failed = r.get("failed")
                stderr = "\n".join(e for e in (r.get("exception"), r.get("module_stderr")) if e).strip()
                self._print_host_or_item
9471	Display playbook statistics printer for hosts' success, changes, failures, and unreachability.
9472	Skips printing task details if the verbosity level is less than or equal to 1. When a task is skipped, prints the host name, a space, and the word "skipped" in a designated format. If a reason for skipping is provided and is less than 50 characters, appends it to the line; otherwise, prints the reason over multiple lines.
9473	Converts CIDR prefix to address/netmask representation with a specified separator. Default separator is a space.
9474	Decorator checking if a value passed to a function evaluates to false, returning an empty string or calling the original function.
9475	Add a model to the configuration. If the model is a string, load it using `_load_model`. If it's a PybindBase instance, initialize it. Verify the model's YANG name against `SUPPORTED_MODELS`, unless `force` is True. Assign the model's attributes to class attributes and store them in `_elements`.
9476	Returns a dictionary of model values, optionally filtering to include only set values.
9477	### Summary:
Load a dictionary into the model, optionally overwriting existing data and auto-loading models as needed.
9478	Converts the model's values to a dictionary, evaluating leaf values to Python types. Optionally filters to include only set values.
9479	Parse a device or native config and load it into corresponding models.
9480	Load and parse configuration or native state into corresponding models. If `native` provided, parse it; otherwise, use `device` to retrieve. Only models added to the root object are parsed.
9481	Convert object to native config, merge or replace elements as specified
9482	Loads and returns all filters from the JINJA_FILTERS module.
9483	The function `find_yang_file` searches for a specified file within a directory structure based on the given profile and path. It constructs the full path to the file and checks if it exists. If the file is found, it returns the full path; otherwise, it logs an error and raises an IOError.
9484	Converts a model to a dictionary representation, filtering by mode and showing defaults as specified.
9485	compares two models and returns a dictionary highlighting the differences.
9486	Sends a POST request to a given URL with optional data, verifies the SSL certificate, and returns the response.
9487	Constructs a full URL for obtaining an authorization code. Checks for 'response_type' in params, adds required parameters, and builds the URL using the provider's authorization_uri and provided params.
9488	```python
/**
 * Retrieves an access token from the provider token URI using an authorization code.
 * Parameters include client ID, client secret, and redirect URI, with optional grant type.
 * Returns a dictionary containing the access token, refresh token, etc.
 * Handles JSON response or returns raw response on error.
 */
```
9489	Parse URL and extract query parameters as a dictionary.
9490	Remove query component from URL.
9491	Constructs a URL from a base URL and additional parameters, merging and encoding the query parameters.
9492	Log an exception
9493	Return a response object with the given body, headers, and status code using the requests library.
9494	Return a HTTP 302 redirect response object containing an OAuth error message.
9495	Return a JSON response with given data, headers, and status code.
9496	Generate and return an HTTP response with an authorization code if the provided parameters are valid, or an error response if they are not.
9497	Generate an access token using a refresh token, validating client ID, client secret, and scope. If successful, discard the old token and generate new ones, persisting the information for future validation.
9498	Generate access token HTTP response based on grant type, client credentials, and authorization code. Validate inputs, discard code on success, and return token details.
9499	Extract query parameters from a URI, validate them, and return an authorization code response or an error.
9500	Get a token response from POST data by validating required parameters and calling the appropriate method based on the presence of 'refresh_token' or 'code'. Handle missing parameters and server errors gracefully, returning JSON error responses.
9501	Get authorization object. Check for 'Bearer' header. Validate access token. Return authorization object.
9502	Open the SMBus interface on the specified bus, ensuring the device is closed first if it's already open, and disable buffering.
9503	Read a single byte from a device at the specified address.
9504	Reads a specified number of bytes from a device at a given address. Requires the bus to be opened first.
9505	Reads a single byte from a specified command register of a device using an ioctl call.
9506	Writes multiple bytes to a device at a specified address using a bytearray. Requires the bus to be opened first.
9507	Write a byte of data to the specified command register of the device at the given address.
9508	Write a buffer of data to a device's command register using an I2C connection.
9509	Returns the CDN URL for a file, optionally appending default effects.
9510	Deprecated method for copying files; use `create_local_copy` or `create_remote_copy` instead.
9511	Creates a Local File Copy on Uploadcare Storage with optional CDN effects and store option.
9512	### Summary:

The **create_remote_copy** method in Python's class creates a copy of a file in remote storage. It accepts parameters for the target storage, optional CDN image effects, public access control, and a custom object key pattern. The method constructs a data dictionary with the source file path, target storage, optional public access setting, and custom pattern. It then makes a POST request to the 'files/' endpoint with this data to create the copy.
9513	Constructs a ``File`` instance from file information, initializing with the UUID and setting default effects and info cache.
9514	Uploads a file, stores it based on the provided option, and returns a ``File`` instance.
9515	Uploads a file from a given URL and returns a `FileFromUrl` instance. Optionally stores the file and specifies a filename.
9516	Uploads a file from a given URL and returns a File instance, with optional parameters for timeout, interval, whether to wait until the file is ready via CDN, and how to handle storage.
9517	Returns CDN URLs for files in a group without making an API request.
9518	Constructs a FileGroup instance from group information by creating a new instance with the group's ID and caching the group information.
9519	Creates file group from iterable of `File` instances and returns `FileGroup` instance. Raises `InvalidParamError` if input is invalid.
9520	```python
def _base_operation(self, method):
    """ Executes storage operations in chunks using UUIDs. """
    uuids = self.uuids()
    chunk_size = self.chunk_size

    while True:
        chunk = list(islice(uuids, chunk_size))
        
        if not chunk:
            return

        rest_request(method, self.storage_url, chunk)
```
9521	Extracts uuids from File objects and strings in a sequence, raises an error for other types.
9522	This function builds a list using the `api_list_class` with parameters from `arg_namespace` and additional `extra` kwargs. It handles datetime parsing for the `starting_point` if necessary. The items are then pretty-printed, or an error message is printed if one occurs.
9523	A function that iterates over an iterable and prints a progress bar to stdout, updating it based on the number of parts specified.
9524	### uploading_request
 Sends an API request using the `requests` library, handling various parameters like verb, path, data, files, and timeout. Constructs the URL, adds necessary headers, and processes the response, raising exceptions for errors. Returns a dictionary or error based on the response status and content type.
9525	def home_mode_status(self, **kwargs): Returns the status of Home Mode
9526	def camera_list(self, **kwargs): Retrieve a list of cameras using API.
9527	Return a list of cameras matching the provided camera IDs using the specified API endpoint.
9528	Fetch camera snapshot by ID using API with optional parameters.
9529	Function disables a camera by sending a disable command to the camera API. It constructs a payload with necessary details including camera ID, session ID, API method, and version. The function then prints the API URL and payload, sends a GET request to the API, and returns whether the operation was successful.
9530	Return motion settings for a given camera ID by sending a request and parsing the response.
9531	Update motion settings for a specified camera using keyword arguments.
9532	Updates camera and motion settings using latest data from API, storing them by camera ID.
9533	Check if the given list item ``li`` is the last one in a list by iterating through subsequent items based on a numerical ID. If the ID changes or if no more list items are found, return ``True`` indicating it is the last item. Otherwise, return ``False``.
9534	yield consecutive li tags with the same list id
9535	Returns the indentation level of an li tag using the ilvl attribute from the specified namespace. If ilvl attribute is not found, returns -1.
9536	Return the vMerge element from a table cell if it exists and is unique, otherwise return None.
9537	This method retrieves the colspan value of a table cell in a Word document, using its grid span attribute. It returns the integer value of the grid span if only one is found, or 1 if no grid span is present or more than one is found.
9538	Return the td element at the given index in the tr, considering colspans.
9539	Checks if a style is false for bold, italics, or underline, returning True if the style is not false.
9540	The function determines if an r tag is considered bold by checking for the presence and true value of the "b" attribute within the "rPr" element. If the "b" attribute is not present or is false, it returns True, indicating the text is bold. If the "b" attribute is present and true, it returns False, indicating the text is not bold.
9541	Function checks if an 'r' tag is italicized by looking for the 'i' element in the 'rPr' and returning the negation of its style status.
9542	Check if 'r' tag has an underline style.
9543	This function checks if a given p tag is a title by looking for a pStyle child element with a value of 'Title' in the 'w' namespace.
9544	function get_text_run_content_data(r):
    retrieves t, drawing, pict, and br elements in order from r tag
9545	def get_relationship_info(tree, media, image_sizes):
    """Retrieve relationship info from XML tree, process media targets, and return a dictionary mapping relationship IDs to escaped targets."""
    if tree is None:
        return {}
    result = {}
    for el in tree.iter():
        el_id = el.get('Id')
        if el_id is None:
            continue
        target = el.get('Target')
        if any(target.lower().endswith(ext) for ext in IMAGE_EXTENSIONS_TO_SKIP):
            continue
        if target in media:
            image_size = image_sizes.get(el_id)
            target = convert_image(media[target], image_size)
        result[el_id] = cgi.escape(target)
    return result
9546	Extracts document, numbering, and relationship data from a ZipFile, processes XML files, and constructs metadata for the document.
9547	Return ordered list type from numbering dict or default to decimal.
9548	```
Builds a list structure from given li_nodes and meta_data. Tracks indentation level, list IDs, and nested lists. Merges lists and constructs final root list.
```
9549	```
This function builds a single `tr` element with populated `td` elements from the input `tr` structure. It handles nested lists, tables, and spans, setting attributes as needed.
```
9550	This function builds a table object by populating rows and cells based on the input table and metadata. It creates a blank table element and iterates through its elements to construct row elements, appending them to the table. The function returns the completed table element along with a list of visited nodes.
9551	def get_t_tag_content(t, parent, remove_bold, remove_italics, meta_data):
    """
    Generates string data for a t tag, handling text escaping and applying modifiers like bold and italics.
    """
9552	Remove all elements with a specific tag from the tree by iterating through all elements and removing those that match the tag.
9553	def find(dataset, url):
    '''Find and download dataset if not exists.'''
    fn = os.path.join(DATASETS, dataset)
    dn = os.path.dirname(fn)
    if not os.path.exists(dn):
        os.makedirs(dn)
    if not os.path.exists(fn):
        urllib.request.urlretrieve(url, fn)
    return fn
9554	Load the MNIST dataset, optionally flatten images, and return training, validation, and test sets with or without labels.
9555	Loads the CIFAR10 image dataset and divides it into training and testing sets, option to flatten images and return labels.
9556	Plots an array of images as an grid within a single image array.
9557	Create a plot of weights, visualized as "bottom-level" pixel arrays.
9558	Create a plot of convolutional filters, visualized as pixel arrays, by arranging them in a grid.
9559	def batches(arrays, steps=100, batch_size=64, rng=None):
    Ensures batch_size >= 2 and arrays is a tuple or list. Generates samples from arrays to be used for training a recurrent network. Axes 0 and 1 are time steps and data dimensions, respectively. Returns a callable that slices arrays into batches of size batch_size.
9560	Encode text by converting characters to their alphabet index. Returns list of indices.
9561	Create a callable that returns batches of training data for a classifier model. The callable generates batches of inputs and outputs based on the given number of steps and batch size, using a specified random number generator or a default one.
9562	This method `predict_sequence` generates a sequential sample of class labels from a neural network model. It takes a list of initial labels, steps to sample, and optional parameters for number of streams and random number generator. The method initializes inputs based on the initial labels and randomly samples class labels, updating the inputs at each step based on the model's predictions. It yields either a single or list of sampled labels based on the number of streams.
9563	Adds a convolutional weight array with specified mean, standard deviation, and sparsity to the layer's parameters.
9564	Encode dataset using hidden layer activations, optionally sampling.
9565	Decodes an encoded dataset by computing the output layer activation using a previously built graph.
9566	Find a layer output name based on a given layer specifier.
9567	Compute R^2 coefficient of determination between input and its reconstruction.
9568	Compute greedy classification by feeding data through network and returning the class index with highest probability.
9569	Calculates class posterior probabilities using feed-forward computation.
9570	Compute logit values from input examples using a feed-forward method, returning logit values for each class.
9571	Compute the weighted mean accuracy of a model on labeled data.
9572	def batch_at(features, labels, seq_begins, seq_lengths):
    Constructs a batch from input features and labels using specified sequence beginnings and lengths. Returns feature and label arrays with padding, and a binary mask indicating valid data.
9573	Returns a callable that randomly selects sequences from netcdf data.
9574	Load a saved network from a pickle file and set it as the network attribute.
9575	def random_matrix(rows, cols, mean=0, std=1, sparsity=0, radius=0, diagonal=0, rng=None):
    Creates a matrix of randomly-initialized weights with specified mean and std deviation. Optionally sparse, rescaled to have a given spectral radius, or filled with a diagonal value.
9576	Create a vector of random values with specified size, mean, and standard deviation using a given random number generator or a seed.
9577	Generate matches between output expressions and patterns.
9578	Iterate over network layers and their parameters, yielding those whose names match any given pattern.
9579	Defining a function to construct regularizers from keyword arguments. The function takes a graph object and various keyword arguments for different types of regularizations like input/output dropout and noise. It then generates a list of regularizers based on these arguments and returns them.
9580	A list of Theano variables used in this loss, including the target and, if provided, the weights.
9581	Compute the accuracy of a network output by comparing predicted labels to targets, optionally weighted.
9582	Helper method to define a basic loop in Theano using `theano.scan`. Takes `inputs`, `outputs`, `name`, `step`, and `constants` as parameters. Outputs `theano expression(s)` and `updates`.
9583	Builds an activation function based on the given name, layer, and additional keyword arguments. If the name is an existing Activation instance, returns it. If the name contains '+', it composes multiple activation functions. For unrecognized names, handles special cases like 'maxout' and creates a new Activation instance with the provided arguments.
9584	Selects a random sample of n items from a list xs, normalizing each item and occasionally replacing items in the sample to maintain diversity.
9585	Clears the current loss functions and adds a new one, passing all parameters and keyword arguments to the add_loss function.
9586	```python
Trains a network using batches, yielding monitor values for both training and validation datasets. Supports saving the model periodically.
```
9587	Trains the network until convergence, returning monitor values from both training and validation datasets.
9588	This method constructs a unique hash key for representing a computation graph based on the network topology, losses, and regularizers. It iterates through layers, losses, and regularizers, updating a hash object with formatted strings of their attributes. The final hash is returned as a hexadecimal string.
9589	```python
def build_graph(self, regularizers=()):
    '''Builds a computation graph for the network with given regularizers.

    Returns:
        outputs: list of Theano variables representing layer outputs.
        updates: list of update tuples for the computation graph.
    '''
```
9590	`inputs` returns a list of Theano variables for feedforward computations from the input layers of the network.
9591	Combines input and loss variables, ensuring no duplicates based on variable name.
9592	Get parameter from network layer by specifying layer index or name and parameter name or index. Raises KeyError if layer or parameter not found. Returns Theano shared variable of the parameter.
9593	Compute a forward pass through the network using input data, applying regularizers, and returning the activations of each layer.
9594	Computes the forward pass for network input `x`, returning the output from the last layer.
9595	This method computes the R^2 coefficient of determination for a given input and target output. It calculates the difference between the predicted and actual values (u), and the difference between the actual values and their mean (v). If no weight array is provided, it uses ones. It then returns the R^2 value, which measures the proportion of the variance in the dependent variable that is predictable from the independent variable(s).
9596	```plaintext
Saves the current network state to a pickle file. Accepts a filename or file handle. If the filename ends with ".gz", the output is automatically gzipped.
```
9597	Load a saved network from disk using a pickle file. Accepts a filename or file handle and handles gzip compression if the filename ends with ".gz".
9598	Implements a method to compute the regularized loss for a neural network. It combines the loss computed by the network with contributions from regularizers, which modify the loss based on model complexity or constraints. The method accepts keyword arguments to configure the regularizers, then constructs the network graph and calculates the total loss by summing the weighted contributions from both the network's loss and the regularizers.
9599	Return parameter update expressions for network training.
9600	Defining the number of "neurons" in a layer's default output by checking its shape and raising a ConfigurationError if the output size is undefined.
9601	This function takes a dictionary of Theano expressions as inputs and returns a dictionary of outputs from the layer, along with any updates needed for computations involving the layer. It transforms the outputs to a list of ordered pairs if necessary and renames the outputs using the layer's full name.
9602	Binds this layer to a computation graph, resolves inputs and outputs, sets up activation, and optionally initializes parameters and logs.
9603	Resolves input names to shape tuples by iterating through available layers.
9604	Resolve output shapes by iterating input shapes, ensuring compatibility, and determining output shape based on 'size' keyword argument. If 'shape' is provided, use it; otherwise, create a shape tuple using input shape and specified size, or raise an error if neither is specified.
9605	Logs information about a layer, including input shapes, class name, name, output shape, activation function, and learnable parameters.
9606	Log parameter names and shapes, and return total number of parameters.
9607	Helper method to format a string, adding a '.' if missing, then replacing placeholders with the method's `name`.
9608	Find and return the output shape of a layer by name from a list of layers, handling cases with multiple matches or no matches.
9609	Find the sharded version of a parameter by either name or index. Raise KeyError if not found.
9610	Helper method to add a new bias vector with specified name, size, mean, and standard deviation.
9611	def to_spec(self):  
    Create a dictionary specifying the configuration of the layer.  
    Returns:  
    A dictionary with layer configuration.
9612	Returns the envelope of a LogGabor function, applying bandpass and orientation filters, translation, preprocessing, normalization, and complex compensation if needed.
9613	Computes and returns the image of a LogGabor filter after applying a phase shift and inverting the Fourier transform.
9614	Adds an IntervalTier or TextTier to the specified position, handling name duplication, out-of-bounds numbers, invalid tier types, and inserting at the bottom if no position is specified. Returns the created tier.
9615	Removes a tier by name or number, deleting the first occurrence of the name if multiple exist. Raises an IndexError if no tier has the specified number.
9616	```puts
Returns a tier based on name or number. Default tier is the first with that name. Raises error if tier doesn't exist.
```
9617	Converts object to pympi.Elan.Eaf object. Converts text tier intervals with specified point length and adds non-empty annotations to the EAF.
9618	Add a point to the TextTier with time, text, and optional overlap check. Raises exception if invalid tiertype or overlap occurs.
9619	Add an interval to an IntervalTier, optionally checking for overlap and ensuring valid begin and end times.
9620	Remove an interval at a given time, if it exists. Raises an exception if the tier is not an IntervalTier.
9621	Remove a point by time if it exists in a TextTier; raise an exception if not a TextTier.
9622	Yields all intervals or points, optionally sorted.
9623	Returns all intervals, including empty ones, in a sorted list, adjusting for the tier type.
9624	Function to pretty print XML by adding indentation and newlines, recursively traversing elements and adjusting text and tail attributes.
9625	Adds an annotation to a tier with validation for start and end times, SVG references, and existing annotations.
9626	Adds an entry to a controlled vocabulary, validates language references, and updates the vocabulary with the new entry and external reference. Raises KeyError if CV ID not found, ValueError if language not present.
9627	Add a language description to a controlled vocabulary. Raises KeyError if the vocabulary doesn't exist and ValueError if the language is invalid.
9628	Adds an external reference with a given name, type, and value, validating the type against a predefined list. Raises KeyError if the type is invalid.
9629	Adds a language with an ID, definition, and label.
9630	Adds lexicon reference with ID, name, type, URL, lexicon ID, and lexicon name, and optionally data category ID and name.
9631	Adds a linguistic type with various attributes and constraints.
9632	Adds a linked file with specified parameters, guessing mimetype if not provided.
9633	Adds a locale with specified language, country, and variant codes
9634	Adds a secondary linked file with the given parameters and appends it to the linked_file_descriptors list.
9635	Adds a tier with specified parameters, handling defaults and validation.
9636	Deletes unused timeslots by removing keys from `timeslots` that are not found in the `ts` set.
9637	Deep copies the original EAF object, removes annotations outside the specified time frame, and cleans time slots before returning the extracted EAF object.
9638	Generate the next annotation ID, incrementing from the highest existing ID or starting at 1 if none exist. Returns a string formatted as 'a' followed by the numeric ID.
9639	Generates the next timeslot id, raises ValueError if time is negative, updates self.maxts, formats id, stores time, and returns it.
9640	Given the name of a tier, returns a list of all child tiers. Raises KeyError if the tier does not exist.
9641	Gives the full time interval of the file, returns the minimum and maximum values from the timeslots dictionary if it's not empty, otherwise returns (0, 0).
9642	Given a time, returns the earliest annotation after that time on a specified tier, or an empty list if no such annotation exists. Raises a KeyError if the tier is non-existent.
9643	Get the most recent annotation before a given time on a specific tier, or an empty list if no such annotation exists.
9644	def get_tier_ids_for_linguistic_type(ling_type, parent=None):
    """Returns a list of tier names matching the given linguistic type and parent (if specified).
    
    :param str ling_type: The linguistic type to filter by.
    :param str parent: The parent tier to filter by, or None.
    :returns: List of matching tier names.
    :raises KeyError: If a tier or linguistic type is non-existent.
    """
9645	Merge tiers into a new tier, gluing annotations together if gaps are below a certain threshold.
9646	Removes all annotations from a specified tier and optionally cleans time slots.
9647	Remove a language-specific description from a controlled vocabulary.
9648	Remove licenses matching both name and URL if specified.
9649	Iterates over a list of media descriptors and removes items that fail to match given criteria such as file path, relative path, mimetype, time origin, and extracted from. Criteria that are None are ignored.
9650	Remove all properties matching a given key and value.
9651	Remove a reference annotation from a tier at a specific time. Raises KeyError if the tier does not exist. Returns the number of annotations removed.
9652	Remove secondary linked files based on given criteria.
9653	Removes a tier identified by `id_tier` and optionally cleans the timeslots if `clean` is True. Raises KeyError if the tier does not exist.
9654	remove multiple tiers quickly by delaying timeslot cleaning
9655	Rename a tier and its child tiers, updating their parent references.
9656	Shifts annotations in time, discarding negative shifts and squashing or discarding those at the beginning. Returns squashed and removed annotations as tuples.
9657	This script provides a console interface to process text direction using various options such as encoding, upper case handling, debugging, and base direction. It reads input from either a file or standard input, processes each line to adjust its display direction based on the provided options, and writes the output to standard output.
9658	Display debug information for the storage, including base level, base directory, runs, and character details.
9659	def get_base_level(text, upper_is_rtl=False):
Determine the base embedding level of a paragraph as LTR (0) or RTL (1) based on the directionality of characters in the input text. If `upper_is_rtl` is True, upper case chars are treated as strong RTL for debugging. The function iterates through the text, checking the bidirectional type of each character and updating the base level accordingly. If no specific direction is found, it defaults to LTR.
9660	Retrieve paragraph base embedding level and direction, updating storage with chars, levels, and types.
9661	Applies X1 to X9 rules of the Unicode bidi algorithm to determine text direction and levels.
9662	Splits the storage into runs of characters with the same level, applying Unicode TR9 X10 rules. Calculates the run start and end levels, and appends each run to the storage.
9663	Resolve weak bidi types W1-W7 in text runs.
9664	Resolves neutral character types in a text run based on surrounding strong text types (N1 and N2 rules).
9665	Reverses contiguous character sequences at specified levels from highest to lowest odd level in a given range.
9666	Reorders resolved levels in storage, applying L1 and L2 rules. L1 resets embedding levels on segment or paragraph separators, and L2 adjusts levels per line, calculating the highest and lowest odd levels.
9667	Get the current Maya scene file, normalize its path, and store it in the context.
9668	Converts lines of a .ui file from PySide2 to Qt.py by replacing import statements and method calls.
9669	Define a method to add an attribute to an object, store the attribute name, and set the attribute on the object.
9670	Qt.py command-line interface for converting and compiling UI files. Supports --convert, --compile, --stdout, and --stdin options. Converts specified .ui file to Python module, backs up original file, and writes converted content back. Raises NotImplementedError for unsupported options.
9671	This method adds deprecated members from prior versions to the binding object while updating a list of added members and setting the wrapper version.
9672	Show the most desirable GUI. Cycles through registered graphical user interfaces, presents the one named "MayaWindow", or shows a message if none are found.
9673	Discover the most desirable GUI by iterating over registered ones in reverse order, importing and calling `show` until successful.
9674	Deregisters "mayabatch", "mayapy", and "maya" hosts.
9675	Adds Pyblish to the Maya file menu using a workaround for batch mode.
9676	Maintains selection during context; restores previous selection or deselects if none existed.
9677	Maintains current time during context and restores it afterward.
9678	Popup with information about how to register a new GUI.
9679	setup_types: Replace type references with actual classes in self.types list
9680	Generates cumulative data by summing consecutive data sets.
9681	Get values for a single axis from a dataset using an index stored in the object's attributes.
9682	Draws a horizontal line on the y-axis at a specified value with a label.
9683	Caches parameters for transforming x and y coordinates based on graph dimensions.
9684	Invert a dictionary by swapping its keys and values.
9685	Generates a sequence of floating-point numbers from start to stop, incrementing by step.
9686	Adds a data set to the graph by summing elements, handling differing lengths by assuming missing values are zero. Uses `itertools.zip_longest` and `robust_add` to combine data.
9687	Adds a filter definition for a drop shadow to an SVG element.
9688	Methods self.add_data to self. data, validate Input and append, additional datasets allowed
9689	Process the template with data and config, raise ValueError if no data, perform calculations if present, create SVG elements, draw graph, titles, legend, and data, append to graph, apply styles, and return rendered SVG.
9690	Calculates the left margin for a plot, considering y-axis labels, rotation, and title.
9691	Calculates the right margin based on key text length and font size, adding padding.
9692	Set top margin for plot, including title and subtitle sizes if shown.
9693	Add a pop-up label to a point on the graph with a circle that shows/hides the label.
9694	Calculate bottom margin in pixels for plot area by adding base value and conditional adjustments based on key position, x-labels, rotation, staggering, and x-title presence.
9695	Sets up an SVG graph with a background and axes.
TRANSLATE

- Draws a rectangle as the background of the graph.
- Adds X and Y axes as paths.
- Calls methods to draw X and Y labels.
9696	Add text for a datapoint, with a wide white stroke first for differentiation, followed by the specified style.
9697	Check if X axis labels should be shown, retrieve labels, enumerate them, slice based on include/step settings, draw each label, and finally draw X axis guidelines.
9698	Draws y axis labels if enabled, skips the first if specified, takes steps, and draws guidelines.
9699	Draws X-axis guidelines on a graph, skipping the first one, using the label height and count provided.
9700	Draw Y-axis guidelines if enabled, starting from the top of the graph and moving horizontally across.
9701	Draws graph and axis titles based on their visibility settings.
9702	```
If inline styles are not enabled, hard-code styles into the SVG XML for elements with classes.
```
9703	Initializes an SVG document with a root element, processing instruction for style sheet, comments, and a default background rectangle.
9704	Get CSS stylesheets for an instance, substituting class variables.
9705	Function to start an IRC bot on a specified network, optionally joining channels.
9706	Send raw data over the wire if the connection is registered or if the force flag is true. Otherwise, store the data in an output buffer for later transmission.
9707	Establishes a connection to an IRC server, handling SSL if enabled, and registers the nickname and user.
9708	Sends a message to a channel or a user based on provided parameters. If a channel is specified, prepends '#' if absent and uses 'PRIVMSG' to send the message. If a nick is specified, uses 'PRIVMSG' to send the message directly to that user.
9709	Returns a list of tuples, each containing a regex pattern and the corresponding method to handle the pattern.
9710	Generates a new nickname by appending a random number to the original nickname, logs the change, registers the new nickname, and handles the nickname change.
9711	Responds to PING messages by logging the payload and sending a PONG message with the same payload.
9712	When the server connection is registered, this method sends all pending data from an output buffer and marks the connection as registered.
9713	Main loop of IRCConnection reads from socket, dispatches commands based on regex matches until connection is closed.
9714	Blocks the method for 10 seconds, then waits in a loop every 30 seconds to send a registration message to the boss until the registration is confirmed.
9715	Run tasks using greenlets, process commands from the queue, execute callbacks for matches, report results, and indicate task completion.
9716	Decorator checking if the command is from the boss before executing the callback.
9717	```python
def command_patterns(self):
    """Worker bot message listeners - dispatches worker-execute to task queue."""
    return (
        ('!register-success (?P<cmd_channel>.+)', self.register_success),
        ('!worker-execute (?:\((?P<workers>.+?)\) )?(?P<task_id>\d+):(?P<command>.+)', self.worker_execute),
        ('!worker-ping', self.worker_ping_handler),
        ('!worker-stop', self.worker_stop),
    )
```
9718	Joins specified channel and sets registration flag
9719	Schedules a task if the current nick is in the specified workers or if no workers are specified. Adds the task to a queue and returns a confirmation message.
9720	Indicates that a worker with a given nickname is performing a task by adding the nickname to data and workers sets.
9721	Checks if user's email is already verified, raises error if true; otherwise, sends validation email.
9722	Sends a password reset email to the user.
9723	Checks if a password contains mixed case letters, numbers, and optionally ASCII symbols and spaces. Raises errors if the password is too simple or contains invalid characters.
9724	Verify the token for one-time access, set the user, and raise exceptions for invalid or expired tokens.
9725	Set user's avatar to None and save to avoid test errors. Return 204 No Content.
9726	Throttle only POST requests, allow others.
9727	def executor(self, max_workers=1):
    """Returns a single global ThreadPoolExecutor."""
    cls = self.__class__
    if cls._executor is None:
        cls._executor = ThreadPoolExecutor(max_workers)
    return cls._executor
9728	Returns a single instance of a docker client, initializing it with TLS configuration and environment variables if provided.
9729	Returns a tuple of TLS client certificate and key if both are provided; otherwise returns None.
9730	Constructs and returns the name of a service within a Docker Swarm using a specified format, incorporating `service_prefix`, `service_owner`, and a `server_name` which defaults to 1 if not provided.
9731	def _docker(self, method, *args, **kwargs):
    """Wrapper for calling docker methods"""
9732	Calls a docker method asynchronously in a background thread and returns a Future object.
9733	Polls for running task in a Docker service. Returns 1 if no running task found, 0 if found.
9734	Stops and removes the Docker service, logging the action and clearing state.
9735	Convert input value to lowercase and call superclass method with the lowercased value.
9736	Checks if the old password is valid, sets the new password, and saves the instance.
9737	"""Update the password for a given user instance using the provided validated data and return the updated instance."""
9738	Check if email exists and is not verified, raise errors if either condition is not met, otherwise return the email.
9739	Creates and returns a new authentication token for a user, ensuring it's unique.
9740	Deletes authentication token upon issuing a `DELETE` request, handling validation and sending logout signal.
9741	Check if authenticated user can reset someone else's email
9742	Validate email data, send confirmation email, return success response.
9743	Update token expiration datetime with created timestamp and save if commit is True.
9744	Generates an email context for resetting a user's password using the notification object's user and site information.
9745	Sends an email notification using the provided `notification` and `email_context`.
9746	Notifies users of a password reset request by sending an email with a personalized subject.
9747	Formats the email subject for a validation email based on the site's domain and a default subject if specified in settings. Then calls an email handler with the notification and a context dictionary.
9748	Authenticate user via token. Return user and token if valid, else None.
9749	Custom authentication to check if token has expired. If expired, raise an error. If valid, update token's expiration and return user and token.
9750	Displays Bokeh output inside a notebook.
9751	Patches HoloViews plots to use Bokeh comms and updates plot IDs.
9752	Returns a CustomJS callback for sending widget state across notebook comms.
9753	Retrieves or creates a widget for the given parameter name.
9754	def render_function(obj, view):
    """Handles HoloViews objects using Bokeh renderer, adapting for Jupyter notebooks."""
    if is_holoviews_object(obj):
        renderer = get_bokeh_renderer(view)
        plot = renderer.get_plot(obj, doc=view._document)
        if in_jupyter_notebook(view):
            plot.comm = view._comm
        plot.document = view._document
        return plot.state
    return obj
9755	The `TextWidget` function converts the 'value' parameter to a string, removes any 'options' parameter, and then creates a `TextInput` object with the modified keyword arguments.
9756	Create a dictionary mapping from string names to objects from a list.
9757	Returns the instance or class owning the provided method
9758	Splits HTTP auth value into username and password. Handles string and tuple inputs, raising error for unsupported types.
9759	Tries to perform a HEAD request to the root path and returns True if successful, False if a TransportError occurs.
9760	The method `info` retrieves basic information from the current cluster using a GET request to the root URL, optionally passing parameters, and returns the data in a dictionary.
9761	Coroutine that queries the cluster Health API, returning a 2-tuple with the request status and response data.
9762	Converts bytes to a human-readable format.
9763	Returns the total CPU load by summing system, user, and other loads if all values are not None.
9764	Returns total memory size of Synology DSM in bytes or human-readable format.
9765	Returns the total upload speed of the network, either in human-readable format or bytes, based on the human_readable parameter.
9766	Returns a list of volume IDs from the local cache if available.
9767	Returns a volume by its ID from the stored data.
9768	Returns the total size of a volume, optionally converting it to a human-readable format.
9769	Calculates the percentage of used space in a volume.
9770	Calculate the average temperature of disks in a given volume by summing their temperatures and dividing by the count of disks, rounding to the nearest integer. If the volume or disks are not found, return None.
9771	Find max disk temperature in a volume.
9772	Returns a disk with the given ID from the stored data.
9773	### Summary:
Login function constructs and executes an authentication request, setting the access token if successful.
9774	This function handles GET requests by checking if the session is valid and if not, it creates a new session, logs in if needed, and then attempts to fetch the URL. If an error occurs, it retries the request if allowed.
9775	This function executes a GET request with an optional SID.
9776	The `update` method checks if `_utilisation` or `_storage` attributes are not `None` and then constructs API URLs to fetch data. It calls `_get_url` with each URL and updates `_utilisation` and `_storage` attributes with the fetched data.
9777	Fetches and returns the system utilization data using an API call if not already cached.
9778	Getter for Storage variables. Checks if _storage is None, fetches data via API if so, and returns _storage.
9779	def for_request(request, body=None): Processes a request to create a context. Extracts sender data from body or JWT. Returns a Context object with tenant, sender, and other details. Raises BadTenantError if sender cannot be identified.
9780	Retrieves the cached token of the current tenant, fetching it from the tenant object if not already cached.
9781	Helper function for building an attribute dictionary.
9782	Decorator that ensures specified apps are included in INSTALLED_APPS setting.
9783	Class decorator excluding specified apps from INSTALLED_APPS using override_settings.
9784	Return a dictionary of uppercase attributes from the global_settings module.
9785	Handle GET requests, parse URL, and respond based on path.
9786	Calls config.get() to retrieve a value and handles exceptions by returning a default value or re-raising a KeyError. Converts the value to a boolean if needed and splits it if a split_val is provided. Applies a function to the value if a func is provided.
9787	Update a config file by changing the value of a specific key.
9788	Migrates old OAuth2Util config file format to new format by copying content from old file to new file, prepending "[app]" to the new file.
9789	Start a web server to handle OAuth2 authorization responses, running in a separate background thread.
9790	Wait for the user to respond. Once a response is received, wait an additional 5 seconds and then shut down the server.
9791	Requests new access info from Reddit using OAuth2. Checks config, builds authorize URL, starts webserver, waits for response, handles authentication, and updates config with new tokens.
9792	Check if tokens are present; if not, request new access information.
9793	Retry setting Reddit access credentials up to 5 times, refreshing tokens on failure.
9794	Refreshes token if expired or forced, retries up to 5 times if issue persists.
9795	Create a DynamoDB table for run manifests using the provided DynamoDB client and table name. Handle exception if the table already exists.
9796	Remove protocol from S3 path and split into bucket and normalized path
9797	Check storage class of first object in specified S3 prefix to determine if archived in Glacier.
9798	Extracts run ID from key, returning key if valid date format, otherwise None.
9799	Remove keys with None values from a dictionary, compatible with both Python 2 and 3.
9800	Insert run_id into DynamoDB table
9801	Checks if a run_id exists in a DynamoDB table by retrieving the item and returning True if found, False otherwise.
9802	Extracts metadata (vendor, name, format, version) from an Iglu URI using a regular expression, or raises an exception if the URI is invalid.
9803	fix_schema(prefix, schema) generates an Elasticsearch field name by extracting relevant information from a schema string, converting it to snake case, and combining it with a model version and prefix.
9804	Convert a contexts JSON to an Elasticsearch-compatible list of key-value pairs based on the schema.
9805	def parse_unstruct(unstruct):
    """
    Parse an unstructured event JSON, extract data and schema, and return an Elasticsearch-compatible key-value pair.
    """
9806	Split a TSV string into a list, transform it using known field types, and optionally add geolocation data, finally converting it to a JSON object.
9807	convert a Snowplow enriched event into a JSON, validate field count, add geolocation data if applicable, and handle parsing errors
9808	Returns a tuple of the active template and all templates used in a TemplateResponse. If the response has no template attribute, or the template is a non-string object, it returns None for both elements. If the template is a list or tuple, it determines the active template name. If the template is a single string, it returns the string and None.
9809	def print_context(self, context):
    """
    Print the entire template context
    """
    text = [CONTEXT_TITLE]
    for i, context_scope in enumerate(context):
        dump1 = pformat_django_context_html(context_scope)
        dump2 = pformat_dict_summary_html(context_scope)
        if len(context_scope) <= 3 and dump1.count('<br />') > 20:
            dump1, dump2 = dump2, dump1
        text.append(CONTEXT_BLOCK.format(
            style=PRE_STYLE, num=i, dump1=dump1, dump2=dump2
        ))
    return u''.join(text)
9810	Prints a set of variables, handling unknown variables by displaying available context variables.
9811	Escape SQL and replace newline and SQL keywords with HTML tags.
9812	Dump a variable to a HTML string with sensible output for template context fields. Filters out non-template usable fields and handles QuerySets, Managers, strings, Promises, dicts, lists, and other objects.
9813	Function that returns an HTML string summarizing the keys of a dictionary, with values replaced with "..." if not expanded types.
9814	Applies HTML highlighting to input text by replacing certain patterns with formatted text, then returns the text wrapped in `mark_safe` to indicate it's safe to render in HTML.
9815	Try to format an item, otherwise handle exceptions and return formatted error information.
9816	Formats the object recursively, calling PrettyPrinter._format, and catches exceptions to write formatted error messages.
9817	Parse the next token in the stream and return a LatexToken, handling brackets and environments as specified.
9818	Parses LaTeX content and returns a tuple of nodes and positions, with options to stop parsing at specific markers.
9819	Converts LaTeX code to plain text for database indexing, with options for handling inline math and comments.
9820	Sets the directory for input files, handles strict input checks, and defines macros for input and include commands
9821	This method reads content from a file specified by `fn` using the `set_tex_input_directory()` as the base directory. It checks for the file's existence and permissions, ensuring it does not escape the designated directory in strict mode. If the file is not found, it attempts to append common extensions and retries. If successful, it reads and returns the file contents; otherwise, it logs an error and returns an empty string.
9822	Converts LaTeX code to text by parsing nodes using `latexwalker.LatexWalker` and then converting the nodes to text.
9823	Takes a UTF-8 string and encodes it to a LaTeX snippet, with options to control non-ASCII characters, bracket usage, and handling of bad characters.
9824	This method `unascii` unpacks `\\uNNNN` escapes in a string `s` and encodes the result as UTF-8. It handles surrogate pairs and avoids performance issues by accumulating chunks of the string and joining them at the end.
9825	Retrieve organisation information as a dictionary using provided or default query parameters.
9826	Fetch boards for the organization, convert JSON to Board objects, and return the list.
9827	def get_members(self, **query_params):
    Fetches all members for the organization and returns a list of Member objects.
    Args:
        query_params (dict): Optional query parameters for filtering.
    Returns:
        list(Member): A list of Member objects representing the organization's members.
9828	Updates the organization's information using PUT method and returns a new organization object.
9829	Remove a member from the organization by member_id. Returns JSON of all members if successful, raises an exception otherwise.
9830	def add_member_by_id(self, member_id, membership_type='normal'):
    '''Add a member using the ID and membership type. Returns all members JSON or raises Unauthorised exception if not.'''
9831	Add a member with the specified email, fullname, and membership type, return JSON of all members if successful or raise an Unauthorized exception otherwise.
9832	Get list information. Returns a dictionary of values using URI and optional query parameters.
9833	Create a card for the list using POST request, return a Card object.
9834	### Method Summary:
Fetches and returns information for a label as a dictionary.
9835	```python
Retrieves all items for a label using a query. Returns a list of dictionaries containing item values.
```
9836	Updates the current label's name by sending a PUT request with the new name as a query parameter, then returns a new Label object created from the response JSON.
9837	This method updates the current label by fetching JSON data from a URI using a PUT request with query parameters. It then creates and returns a new Label object based on the fetched data.
9838	Generates and prints a URL for user authorization, retrieves an access token after opening in a browser.
9839	Retrieve card information using optional query parameters. Returns card data as a dictionary.
9840	The method `get_board` retrieves board information for a card, returning a Board object constructed from JSON data.
9841	Get list information for this card. Returns a List object.
9842	def get_checklists(self, **query_params):
    Fetches and creates Checklist objects from the card's checklists JSON data using provided query parameters. Returns a list of Checklist objects.
9843	Adds a comment to the card using the current user's text.
9844	def add_attachment(self, filename, open_file):   
    """Adds an attachment to this card using provided filename and file content."""
    fields = {'api_key': self.client.api_key, 'token': self.client.user_auth_token}
    content_type, body = self.encode_multipart_formdata(fields=fields, filename=filename, file_values=open_file)
    return self.fetch_json(uri_path=self.base_uri + '/attachments', http_method='POST', body=body, headers={'Content-Type': content_type})
9845	add_checklist method fetches JSON data to add a checklist to a card and returns a Checklist object.
9846	Adds a label to a card using a dictionary of query parameters.
9847	Add an existing label to this card by sending a POST request with the label's ID as a query parameter.
9848	Add a member to the card using its ID and return a list of Member objects.
9849	Fetches member information, returning a dictionary of values.
9850	Retrieve and convert card JSON data to Card objects.
9851	Retrieve and convert organisation data. retrievesorganisation data Etsy, queries parameters create organisation objects Returns a list of organisation objects.
9852	Create a new board using provided query parameters, fetch JSON response, and return a Board object.
9853	Enable singledispatch for class methods
9854	Retrieves board information via API, returning a dictionary of values.
9855	Fetches lists attached to a board and returns a list of List objects.
9856	Retrieves labels from a board, converts JSON to Label objects, and returns a list of labels.
9857	Get a card by ID. Returns a Card object.
9858	def get_checklists(self):
    """
    Fetch the checklists for the current board and return a list of Checklist objects.
    """
9859	def get_organisation(self, **query_params):
    """Fetch and return the Organisation object for this board."""
    organisation_json = self.get_organisations_json(
        self.base_uri, query_params=query_params)

    return self.create_organisation(organisation_json)
9860	Fetch board JSON via PUT request and create new board.
9861	```python
def add_list(self, query_params=None):
    '''
    Create a list for a board using POST request.
    Returns a new List object.
    '''
```
9862	Defines a method to add a label to a board by fetching JSON and creating a new Label object.
9863	Get checklist information as a dictionary using fetch_json with optional query parameters.
9864	Method `get_card` retrieves the card associated with the checklist. It first obtains the card ID from the checklist information and then fetches the card details using the client's `get_card` method if the ID is present.
9865	Get checklist item objects by querying the API and creating them with the given parameters.
9866	Update the checklist by name. Returns a new Checklist object.
9867	Add an item to the checklist and return the new item's details as a dictionary.
9868	Deletes an item from a checklist using its ID.
9869	Rename the checklist item's name using PUT request and return a new ChecklistItem object.
9870	This method sets the state of the current checklist item to either 'complete' or 'incomplete' based on the `state` parameter, and returns a new ChecklistItem object.
9871	Adds API key and user auth token to query params
9872	Raises exceptions for 401 Unauthorized and non-200 status codes.
9873	Constructs a Trello API URL by appending the cleaned path and encoded query parameters.
9874	Calls Trello API using specified URI, HTTP method, query parameters, body, and headers. Adds authorization, constructs URI, sets default headers, makes request, checks for errors, and returns JSON response.
9875	Convert JSON to Organisation object
9876	Create a Board object from a JSON object using the Trello client, board ID, name, and data.
9877	Create Label object from JSON object Returns: Label
9878	Converts JSON object to List object
9879	Create a Card object from JSON, returning a Card instance with id, name, and data attributes.
9880	Create a Checklist object from JSON, extracting relevant details.
9881	Create a Member object from a JSON object and return it.
9882	Get an organisation by ID, optionally providing a name. Returns the organisation object.
9883	Get a board by ID, optional name, then create and return it.
9884	Create a list with the given id and optional name.
9885	Retrieves a card by ID and optional name by creating a card object.
9886	Fetch a checklist by ID, optionally specify a name. Returns the checklist object.
9887	Fetches a member by ID or the logged-in member if no ID is provided.
9888	Extracts root domain from a URL, removing protocol, query strings, paths, and sub-domains. Raises an exception for invalid URLs.
9889	removes dates, URLs from text; optionally retains whitespace; yields sentences of words
9890	Converts text to a list of words, removing markup and non-textual content, with optional whitespace retention and ASCII normalization.
9891	Converts input text to a generator of sentence word pairings, removing markup and applying various normalizations.
9892	Encrypts a password, encodes it in base64, and writes it to a configuration file associated with a service and username.
9893	Splits input string at specified locations marked by integer values. Returns generator yielding substrings between 'SHOULD_SPLIT' positions.
9894	Adds 'SHOULD_SPLIT' marker in split_locations at end of each regex match if within bounds.
9895	Adds 'SHOULD_SPLIT' markers at the start and end of regex matches and marks characters within matches as 'SHOULD_NOT_SPLIT', using a list to track split decisions.
9896	Define and run a command-line interface tool.
9897	Create a cipher object using AES and a key derived from the password and salt, with option for nonce.
9898	Returns the AES mode or a list of valid AES modes if none is specified.
9899	The priority method checks for the availability of the argon2_cffi and PyCryptodome packages and the json module, and if all are available, it returns 2.5. If any of them are not found, it raises a RuntimeError with a specific message for each missing package.
9900	check for valid encryption scheme; raise AttributeError if missing, ValueError if invalid; extract AES mode, validate, and set self.aesmode; remove module name if present; check for scheme mismatch
9901	Callback to handle messages from the publisher; logs the received payload.
9902	Increment global ID, wrap at 65536, ensure non-zero.
9903	```python
def connect(self, request):
    return defer.fail(MQTTStateError("Unexpected connect() operation", self.__class__.__name__))
```
9904	Logs an error for unexpected CONNACK packet reception.
9905	Encode a UTF-8 string into MQTT format by prefixing it with its length in two bytes. Raises an error if the string is longer than 65535 characters. Returns a bytearray.
9906	Decodes an MQTT encoded bytearray into a UTF-8 string and returns the decoded string along with the remaining bytearray.
9907	Encodes a 16-bit unsigned integer into MQTT format, returning a bytearray.
9908	Encodes an integer value into a multibyte sequence using the MQTT protocol's encoding method, which handles values larger than 127 by using continuation bits.
9909	Decodes a variable length value using the MQTT protocol's encoding scheme, which represents remaining field lengths.
9910	Encode and store a DISCONNECT control packet by creating a 2-byte header and storing it. Return the header as a string in Python 2, or bytes in Python 3.
9911	Encode and store a CONNECT control packet. Handle ValueError if any encoded string exceeds 65535 bytes.
9912	def decode(self, packet):
    Decode a CONNECT control packet. Strips fixed header and variable length field. Parses version, flags, keepalive, and payload. Handles will message and authentication data if present. Updates class properties accordingly.
9913	Encodes a CONNACK packet by creating a header and variable header, appending the length of the variable header, and storing the result.
9914	decode extracts session and result code from a CONNACK packet by stripping the fixed header and variable length field.
9915	This method decodes a SUBSCRIBE control packet. It first extracts the length of the remaining packet, then reads a message ID and a list of topics with their Quality of Service levels from the packet.
9916	Encode and store a SUBACK control packet by creating a header, payload, and variable header, then combining them into a single byte array and returning it as a string or bytes depending on the Python version.
9917	Encodes and stores an UNSUBCRIBE control packet with QoS=1, handling topic lengths and raising a ValueError if any exceeds 65535 bytes.
9918	Decode a UNSUBACK control packet by extracting the message ID and topics from the packet payload.
9919	Encode and store an UNSUBACK packet with the specified message ID.
9920	def encode(self):
    Encode and store a PUBLISH control packet. Raises ValueError if topic or packet size exceeds limits. Raises TypeError if invalid payload type.
9921	Decode a PUBLISH control packet, extracting flags and fields such as DUP, QoS, RETAIN, topic, message ID, and payload.
9922	Decode a PUBREL control packet by extracting the message ID and duplicate flag.
9923	Constructs a URL for a VK API method, incorporating method name, version, and access token as query parameters.
9924	Sends an HTTP GET request to an API method, including version and token if present, and returns the JSON response.
9925	Refresh blocks on rank 0 and broadcast to others.
9926	Converts dict of data into an array for sklearn, scales if required
9927	Formats input data, fits a standard scaler to it, and returns the scaled data.
9928	Fits KMeans clustering algorithm to data and returns the fitted KMeans object.
9929	Fit MeanShift clustering algorithm to data. Adjust bandwidth automatically if not provided. Use bin_seeding if true. Return the fitted MeanShift object.
9930	Fit classifiers using either K-Means or Meanshift based on input data and method.
9931	Labels new data with cluster identities based on fitted classifier and returns the corresponding clusters.
9932	Translate cluster identities for sampled data back to original size, marking non-sampled values with -2.
9933	Sorts clusters based on the mean concentration of a specified analyte in the dataset.
9934	Def get_date(datetime, time_format=None): Convert datetime string to object, optionally using a given format. If no format is provided, use dateutil.parser to guess the format.
9935	Counts total number of data points in a dictionary's values.
9936	Finds maximum value of attribute uTime across all dictionaries in input dictionary d.
9937	Determines the most appropriate plotting unit based on the given number, adjusting by a factor of 1000 if necessary to meet a minimum value. Returns a multiplier and corresponding unit string.
9938	Returns a LaTeX-formatted string for an element name with its subscripted number.
9939	Converts element-symbol and mass number in format 'XxNN' to 'NNXx'
9940	Converts 'Al27' to '27Al' by separating the elemental symbol and mass number, then rearranging them.
9941	Copy all CSV files from nested directories to a single directory. If no output directory is specified, a new directory with the same name as the file extension will be created.
9942	Numbers contiguous boolean groups in an array starting from a given number.
9943	Create a boolean array indicating where values in `x` fall within any of the ranges defined in `tuples`.
9944	Calculates the rolling mean of a 1D numpy array using a specified window size.
9945	Function that calculates the rolling gradient of a 1D array `a` using a window size of `win`. If `win` is even, it increments by 1 to ensure it's odd. It then uses `rolling_window` to create a view of the array with the specified window size and calculates the gradient of each window using `np.polyfit`.

Summary:
Calculates rolling gradient of 1D array `a` with odd window size.
9946	Find local minima in 1D array y by identifying points where y[i] < y[i-1] and y[i] < y[i+1].
9947	Function cluster_meanshift performs clustering using the Meanshift algorithm on input data. It estimates bandwidth automatically if not provided, and uses optional bin_seeding for speeding up the process. The function returns cluster labels and a list containing a single NaN value.
9948	Identifies clusters using K-Means algorithm and returns cluster labels.
9949	Clusters DBSCAN algorithm. Identifies clusters based on 'eps' and 'min_samples' parameters. Adjusts 'eps' until desired number of clusters is found or max iterations reached. Returns cluster labels and core samples mask.
9950	Reads SRM data from a file and returns a list of unique SRM names.
9951	Reads a configuration file, checks for 'DEFAULT', and returns the specified configuration as a dictionary.
9952	Reads a configuration file and returns the ConfigParser object along with the file path.
9953	Prints all configurations, marking the default and REPRODUCE sections.
9954	Copies the default SRM table to a specified destination with an option to choose a different configuration. If no destination is provided, it saves the file in the current working directory with a default naming convention.
9955	Function to add a new configuration to latools.cfg. Takes config_name, srmfile, dataformat, base_on, and make_default as parameters. Copies settings from base_on if srmfile or dataformat are not specified. Adds the new config to the configuration file, writes dataformat and srmfile values, and sets as default if requested.
9956	Changes the default configuration by updating a configuration file with a new setting, confirming with the user before making the change.
9957	Exclude all data after the first excluded portion based on a threshold.
9958	defrag(filt, threshold=3, mode='include') - Defragments a filter by removing consecutive segments of False values (if mode='include') or True values (if mode='exclude') that are shorter than the specified threshold.
9959	Applies exponential decay and noise spike filters to data, updating the `despiked` attribute of `self.data` and recalculating total counts.
9960	Plot an autorange report for a specified analyte using given window sizes and multipliers, apply log transformation if specified, and return the plot figures and axes.
9961	Transforms boolean arrays into list of limit pairs. Extracts time limits for signal and background, storing them as sigrng and bkgrng arrays. Calculates the number of traces in the signal array.
9962	Divide each analyte's intensity by a specified internal standard and store the ratios in the data dictionary under 'ratios'. Set the focus to the 'ratios' section.
9963	Apply calibration to data using provided calibration values for specified analytes or all analytes if unspecified.
9964	Calculates sample statistics for specified analytes, applying filters and custom statistical functions. Stores results in a Bunch object.
9965	Dictionary of ablation times where key is ablation number and value is the time difference between max and min values.
9966	Generate threshold filters for the given analytes above and below the specified threshold. Two filters are created with prefixes '_above' and '_below'. '_above' keeps all the data above the threshold, and '_below' keeps all the data below the threshold.
9967	Apply a gradient threshold filter to an analyte. Generates two filters, one for data below and one for data above the specified threshold.
9968	Calculate local correlation between two analytes using a rolling window, applying filters if specified, and storing the results in an internal dictionary.
9969	Filter data based on correlation and significance thresholds. Adjusts for existing filters. Updates correlation filters and applies them to specified analyses.
9970	Create new filter using a logical combination of partial strings.
- **Parameters**:
  - `name`:Unique identifier for new filter.
  - `filt_str`:Logical combination of partial strings.
- **Returns**:None
9971	Retrieves and returns a dictionary of analysis parameters from the current object.
9972	Plots histograms for specified keys in a dataset, with options for bin count, log scale, and custom colors.
9973	Computes summary statistics for paired x, y data, including residuals, regression, and Kolmogorov-Smirnov test for distribution equality.
9974	Fetches LAtools reference data from an online repository. Downloads specified data by name or all data if no name is provided, returning it as a pandas DataFrame or dictionary.
9975	Find an instance of the type class `TC` for type `G`. Iterates `G`'s parent classes, looking up instances for each, checking whether the instance is a subclass of the target type class `TC`.
9976	Reads a pickled DataFrame of elements and isotopes, optionally returns with or without isotopes.
9977	Calculates molecular weight of a chemical molecule based on its chemical formula.
9978	Generates a tuple of namedtuples from input arguments and keyword arguments, combining fields and values into a single escape sequence mapping.
9979	Remove elements matching the predicate and keep only the last match at the end of the stack.
9980	Remove duplicates from a tuple in first-seen order using the reduce function.
9981	Calculate Gaussian-weighted moving mean, SD, and SE.
9982	Gaussian function with parameters amplitude A, centre mu, and width sigma.
9983	Compute the standard error of an array `a` by dividing its standard deviation by the square root of the count of finite values.
9984	Retrieves sample names from a specified subset. Returns all samples by default. Raises KeyError if subset does not exist.
9985	The `despike` method applies exponentially decay and noise filters to data, allowing for customization of the spike detection and removal process. It supports different stages of data analysis and can be configured with various parameters such as the win, noise thresholds, and more.
9986	Calculate background using Gaussian weighted mean.
9987	Background calculation using 1D interpolation. Uses `scipy.interpolate.interp1D`. Focuses on specified analytes or all if None. Applies interpolation and optional background filtering.
9988	Subtracts calculated background from data, applying corrections based on specified analytes, error type, and focus stage. Uses uncertainty-aware interpolators and updates stages accordingly.
9989	Calculates the ratio of all analytes to a specified internal standard, updating the `ratios` stage in the analysis pipeline.
9990	Creates a subset of samples that can be treated independently. Checks if a subset with the same samples already exists, raises an error if samples are not in the list, assigns a name to the subset, removes samples from 'not_in_set', and updates the subsets dictionary.
9991	Calculate a gradient threshold filter for a given analyte based on specified percentiles. Applies the filter to individual samples or the population.
9992	Create a clustering classifier based on specified samples or a subset using a chosen clustering algorithm, sort the clusters by a selected analyte, and store the classifier under a given name.
9993	Apply a clustering classifier to samples or a subset. If samples are provided, create a subset. Iterate over samples, predict using the classifier, and filter results based on predictions. Return the classifier name.
9994	Applies a correlation filter to the data. Calculates a rolling correlation between two analytes and excludes data where the Pearson's R value is above the specified threshold and statistically significant.
9995	Turns data filters on for specific analytes and samples. Supports partial matching for filter names. Optionally shows status after applying filters.
9996	Turns off data filters for specified analytes and samples. Optionally creates a subset of samples to apply the filter. Outputs a status update if requested.
9997	prints current filter status for specified samples, subsets, or all samples if none specified
9998	Removes small data regions from a filter, either including or excluding them based on a threshold. Applies to specific samples or a subset, or all samples if none specified.
9999	```
def filter_nremoved(self, filt=True, quiet=False):
    Counts and reports how many data points are removed by active filters for each subset.
    Optionally prints a summary table if quiet=False.
    Returns a dictionary with subset names as keys and removal counts as values.
```
10000	Plot a histogram of gradients for specified analytes. Filters, bins, and samples can be customized. Recalculates gradients if needed. Returns a figure and axis object.
10001	Plot analyte gradients against each other.
10002	Plots histograms of specified analytes, with options for binning, logarithmic y-axis, filtering, and coloring. Returns the figure and axes objects.
10003	Defining a method called `trace_plots` which generates and saves plots for selected analytes and samples. The method allows customization of plot parameters such as scale, figure size, and inclusion of statistical information.
10004	Plots analyte gradients over time, saving images to a specified directory.
10005	Filters reports for filters containing a specified string, plots them, and saves them to a directory.
10006	Calculate sample statistics. Returns samples, analytes, and arrays of statistics of shape (samples, analytes). Statistics are calculated from the 'focus' data variable, so output depends on how the data have been processed.
10007	Returns a pandas dataframe of all sample statistics, optionally saving to a file and including ablation times.
10008	Exports minimal dataset with specified analytes and samples to a CSV file in the given output directory.
10009	exports raw data to a directory, allowing for filtering and output formatting based on focus stage and analytes
10010	Save log file with specified directory, logname, and header. If directory or logname is None, use default values. If directory is not a valid directory, use its parent directory. Write log to specified location and return the location.
10011	Exports analysis parameters, standard info, and minimal dataset for specified analytes to a directory or zip file, optionally compressing it.
10012	Splits a file into smaller files based on a regex pattern, allowing for custom header rows and trimming of lines. Saves output in a specified or default directory.
10013	Applies function `f` to each element in the traversable `fa`, then folds the result using initial element `z` and operation `g`, defaulting to addition.
10014	plots a fitted PCA in a grid of scatter or 2D histogram plots of the principal components, with optional labels and logarithmic normalization.
10015	Remove mean and divide by standard deviation, using bayes_kvm statistics if at least two non-NaN values are present; otherwise, return NaN for all elements.
10016	Remove median, divide by IQR if enough non-NaN values Exist.
10017	Applies a standard deviation filter to remove anomalous values in a signal. Uses a rolling window to calculate the mean and standard deviation, identifies outliers beyond a specified number of standard deviations from the mean, and replaces them with the average of their neighboring values. The process iterates until no more outliers are found or the maximum number of iterations is reached.
10018	Apply exponential decay filter to remove spiking data based on noise threshold.
10019	Adds a filter with a given name, filter array, description, and parameters. Updates the internal data structures with the filter information, assigns a unique index, and increments the filter count.
10020	Define a method to remove a filter. Accepts either a filter name or a set number. Removes the specified filter or all filters in the set associated with the name. Updates associated data structures.
10021	Clear all filters by resetting the relevant dictionaries and variables.
10022	Remove unused filters by iterating through sorted component keys, checking if they are unused by ensuring no switches are set for any analyte, and removing them if unused.
10023	Returns the most closely matched filter name using fuzzy string matching. If `multi=True`, returns all equally matched filter names. Raises an error if multiple filters match equally well.
10024	Defined a method `make_fromkey` that constructs a filter based on a logical expression passed as a string. If the expression is not empty, it replaces filter names with method calls using `re.sub` and then evaluates the expression using `eval` to return a boolean filter. If the expression is empty, it returns the inverse of an array of zeros with the same size as `self.size`.
10025	Accesses a filter using a specified key, either a string, dictionary, or boolean. Returns a boolean array. Handles different input types and validates analyte names. If invalid, prints an error message.
10026	Get sorted filter info.
10027	Decorator to log method calls and parameters
10028	Write log and header to a file, appending '.lalog' if no extension specified.
10029	Reads an analysis.log file and returns dicts of arguments and paths.
10030	Decorator that retries a function with login before failing on timeout or error.
10031	This script logs into an modem using provided credentials, retrieves and prints SMS information, then logs out and closes the session.
10032	Asynchronously sends a SMS message using the provided modem hostname, password, phone number, and message content.
10033	```python
def parse(file_or_string):
    """Parse a file-like object or string using pyparsing.

    Returns:
        ParseResults: Parse results object.
    """
```
10034	Return the link to the Jupyter nbviewer for the given notebook URL by determining if the URL is from GitHub or a generic URL.
10035	Generates a thumbnail string using a template, incorporating the snippet, thumbnail file, and reference name.
10036	return None if code_example is None else format CODE_TEMPLATE with snippet and reference
10037	Check if self._code_example is not None, return it if true, otherwise return the 'code_example' attribute from self.nb.metadata, defaulting to None if not present.
10038	Returns a URL from `self._url` or `self.nb.metadata.url`; if any is None, returns None.
10039	Returns output file path with specified ending.
10040	def process_notebook(self, disable_warnings=True):
    Converts a notebook to various formats, including images and files. Uses nbconvert and nbformat. Disables warnings and preprocesses cells if specified. Creates Python and RST files.
10041	Converts a notebook to a Python script using `nbconvert`, handles version compatibility, logs the conversion process, and removes IPython magics from the output.
10042	Returns an rst string to download supplementary data. If multiple files, formats each with :download:` and joins with a newline.
10043	Create a thumbnail for HTML output by copying the thumbnail figure or selecting the last PNG picture, then saving it as the thumbnail.
10044	Get the summary and description from the first markdown cell, falling back to the second cell if the first is empty.
10045	Scales an image with the same aspect ratio and centers it within a specified maximum width and height. Adjusts image size only if the target file is the same as the source file, ensuring no upscaling.
10046	```python
def save_thumbnail(self, image_path):
    """Save a thumbnail of the given image."""
    thumb_dir = os.path.join(os.path.dirname(image_path), 'thumb')
    create_dirs(thumb_dir)

    thumb_file = os.path.join(thumb_dir, f'{self.reference}_thumb.png')
    if os.path.exists(image_path):
        logger.info('Scaling %s to thumbnail %s', image_path, thumb_file)
        self.scale_image(image_path, thumb_file, 400, 280)
    self.thumb_file = thumb_file
```
10047	Copies or returns the thumbnail figure, handling both local and remote paths.
10048	Returns the url for the given notebook file, either from a dict or a string.
10049	Yield language codes for fields not in db_table_fields and for fields matching the pattern.
10050	Returns a function that retrieves the value of a field based on the current language, default language, or a fallback language.
10051	Docstring describes post-processors as functions receiving file objects, performing operations, and returning modified file objects.
Function takes a thumbnail file, size, and optional keyword arguments.
Imports configuration from a module.
Uses size dictionary from configuration to get post-processors.
Iterates over post-processors, applying each one to the thumbnail file with its specific keyword arguments.
Returns the modified thumbnail file.
10052	```python
self.attname = 'source_image'
image_file = processors.process(file, self.resize_source_to)
image_file = post_processors.process(image_file, self.resize_source_to)
filename = str(shortuuid.uuid()) + os.path.splitext(file.name)[1]
file.save(filename, image_file, save=False)
return file
```
10053	Refresh cache by populating self._thumbnails with metadata for images.
10054	Return dict of all thumbnails, refresh cache if necessary.
10055	Creates and returns a thumbnail of a given size using the source image and various backends/storage options.
10056	Deletes a thumbnail by size, removes it from the metadata, and deletes the thumbnail file.
10057	Creates a thumbnail file and its metadata using specified storage and metadata backends, then returns a Thumbnail instance.
10058	Checks for thumbnail metadata, creates a Thumbnail instance if it exists, otherwise returns None.
10059	Deletes a thumbnail file and its metadata using provided or default storage and metadata backends.
10060	Simulates an incoming message, creating a message object, logging it, handling it, and returning the message.
10061	Registers a subscriber for a phone number and assigns a callback function to handle messages.
10062	Returns a set of states based on the object's attributes 'accepted', 'delivered', 'expired', and 'error'.
10063	Registers a provider on the gateway. Sets the first provider as default. Returns the created provider.
10064	Sends a message using the appropriate provider, handling routing, configuration, and errors.
10065	Returns a Flask Blueprint for a named provider that handles incoming messages & status reports. Registers a handler to initialize `g.provider`.
10066	def receiver_blueprints(self): Returns a dictionary of Flask blueprints for supported providers.
10067	def _receive_message(self, message):
    """Receive an incoming message, populate fields, and trigger callback."""
    message.provider = self.name
    self.gateway.onReceive(message)
    return message
10068	This method handles an incoming status callback by populating the `provider` field of the `status` object with the name of the current provider, firing the `onStatus` event hook on the gateway, and returning the modified `status` object.
10069	```python
def jsonex_api(f):
    """ Wraps a function to handle JSON responses and exceptions. """
    @wraps(f)
    def wrapper(*args, **kwargs):
        try:
            code, res = 200, f(*args, **kwargs)
        except HTTPException as e:
            code, res = e.code, {'error': str(e)}
        except Exception as e:
            code, res = 500, {'error': str(e)}
            logger.exception('Method error')
        response = make_response(json.dumps(res), code)
        response.headers['Content-Type'] = 'application/json'
        return response
    return wrapper
```
10070	Forward an object to clients, raising an exception if any client fails.
10071	Sends a raw transaction with the given signature components, returning the RLP-encoded transaction and its hash.
10072	Estimates transaction gas usage using web3's estimate_gas method with specified safe_address, to, value, data, and pending block identifier.
10073	Estimates transaction gas by using Safe method or Safe and Web3 methods, depending on the operation.
10074	Append towrite to the write queue and optionally wait for the buffer to be flushed.
10075	Asynchronously reads a line from the serial instance, waiting if no linefeed is present.
10076	Verifies a message and sends it through an SMTP host, updating email count and reconfiguring host if necessary.
10077	This method generates an email message as a string. It determines the message type (plain text, multipart plain/HTML, or multipart multipart) based on the presence of HTML content and attachments. It constructs the message headers, including subject, sender, recipients, and date. It also handles attachments, encoding filenames as necessary, and includes any extra headers provided. Finally, it returns the complete message as a string in MIME format.
10078	Checks for bad headers in an email, such as newlines in the subject, sender, or recipients.
10079	Adds an attachment to the message with the specified filename, content type, data, disposition, and headers.
10080	Registers services accessible by the DAL, raising an exception if the service already exists.
10081	Load a module and return a Config object with uppercase attributes.
10082	Registers resources with the ResourceManager, ensuring no duplicates.
10083	Checks if a value for a given key is empty and raises a ValueError if it is.
10084	Handle teardown of a Resource or Middleware, exiting gracefully if no exception occurred or re-raising if an exception was thrown.
10085	Initializes the service with a DataManager, sets up sub-services recursively
10086	Calculates the group index given a wavelength or list of wavelengths. Returns the group index as a float or list.
10087	Evaluates the Cauchy equation to calculate the refractive index at a given wavelength or list of wavelengths using a set of coefficients.
10088	Initialize the system by logging in to the backend using a username and password. Validate the login, retrieve the logged-in user and default realm. Identify special realms and time periods like 'All' and '24x7'. Handle exceptions and exit with an error if authentication fails.
10089	Logs in to the backend with provided credentials, generating a new token if required or allowing token reuse. Returns True if successful, False if refused, and raises BackendException on error.
10090	Fetches child endpoints from Alignak backend, returning list of resources or empty dict if errors occur.
10091	Get all items from an Alignak backend endpoint, handling pagination and optionally using multiprocessing for parallel requests. Returns a dict containing _items and _status.
10092	Calls the PATCH method on the specified endpoint with the given data and headers. If the If-Match header is missing, raises a BackendException. If the response status code is 200, returns the decoded response. If the status code is 412 and inception is True, retries the patch with the latest _etag. If an HTTP error occurs, raises a BackendException.
10093	Deletes an item or all items from an endpoint, ensuring the ETag identifier is provided in the headers. Returns a confirmation response.
10094	Returns True if path1 and path2 refer to the same file using file info.
10095	Create a junction at link_name pointing to source.
10096	Sets up logging configuration using command-line arguments for log file name, verbose mode, and formatting. Logs user, host, start time, and tool name in records.
10097	Raises a custom error with a modified message.
10098	Recognizes and claims MuTect VCFs from file_readers, returning unclaimed readers and MuTectVcfReaders.
10099	Replaces MuTect sample headers with standardized "NORMAL" and "TUMOR" using metadata from vcf_reader metaheaders.
10100	def claim(self, file_readers):
    Claims VarScan VCFs from input files, filtering and pairing them with high-confidence files. Returns unclaimed readers and VarScanVcfReaders.
10101	Calculates mean and standard deviation of values from a VCF file using Knuth's algorithm, rounding to a specified precision.
10102	Claims incoming files for processing by each caller, updating the list of unclaimed and claimed files accordingly.
10103	Split binary data into lines based on LINE_TERMINATORS, removing them from each line.
10104	Check each line terminator in `LINE_TERMINATORS` to see if `data` starts with it. Return the matching terminator or `None` if no match is found.
10105	Return the first line terminator found in data, or None if none are found.
10106	Seeks the next line in a file relative to the current position, handling line terminators like "\r\n" and returning the new position or -1 if not found.
10107	Seek previous line relative to current position, return position or -1 if not found.
10108	Return the last 'n' lines of a file, defaulting to 10 lines.
10109	AAA
10110	Returns lines as data is added to the file; yields None if no new line is available.
10111	Claims Strelka VCFs from a set of input VCFs, applying each caller's evaluation and validation before returning unclaimed and claimed readers.
10112	Parses a VCF string into a VcfRecord object, handling the first 8 required fields and any sample data, ensuring accurate reconstruction.
10113	### Summary:
Creates a dictionary of tag-value pairs for each sample in a variant record.
10114	Returns a set of format tags from the first sample in `sample_tag_values`.
10115	Updates self.info by joining fields and values from.info_dict, handling duplicates and formating.
10116	."""
10117	Returns string representation of sample-format values. Raises KeyError if sample is not defined.
10118	Converts VcfRecord to a tab-delimited string with newline at the end.
10119	Adds a new format tag-value for all samples if the tag doesn't already exist and sample names match. Raises KeyError if tag already exists or sample names don't match.
10120	Replaces null or blank filter with new filter or adds new filter to existing list if not already present.
10121	Returns categories available to user, optionally filtering by specified products.
10122	```Produces a ProductsForm subclass based on the category's render type, sorts products by order, sets fields, and optionally wraps in a formset for item quantity render type.```
10123	```python
def staff_products_form_factory(user):
    ''' Creates a StaffProductsForm with a limited product list based on user access. '''
```
10124	Adds an error to the specified product's field by obtaining the field name and calling add_error()
10125	Decorator that caches the result of a function in a user's cache until the batch completes. Returns the cached result if available, otherwise computes the result and stores it in the cache. Requires at least one positional argument to be a User.
10126	def model_fields_form_factory(model):
    Generates a form for selecting fields from a model to display.
10127	Returns items with paid or active status.
10128	Sends an email to the specified address using a template from a subdirectory based on the email kind.
10129	This method `iter_osm_stream` processes an OSM diff stream and yields one changeset at a time to the caller. It optionally reads from a state file, initiates from the most recent diff if no start sequence is given, and downloads subsequent diffs. It also handles retries and state updates, ensuring the stream is processed in intervals.
10130	Parse OSM XML file into nodes, ways, and relations.
10131	Fetches and yields OpenStreetMap notes in reverse chronological order, filtering out duplicates, and yielding 'Finished' after each iteration.
10132	Checks if a user's condition passes a filter by querying the object and applying a pre-filter method.
10133	Checks if a flag condition is met for a user, optionally skipping the filter if already done.
10134	Checks if the date range is violated, returns quantity remaining under the stock limit if not. Filters and marks condition with "remainder" if applicable.
10135	Filters queryset to include only items where a user has a product from a category invoking that item's condition in one of their carts, excluding items in released carts.
10136	Returns items from queryset where user has a product in their cart, excluding those in released carts unless they are paid or active.
10137	Filter items by date range and stock limits.
10138	Returns enabled items from a queryset if the user is a presenter or copresenter of a non-cancelled proposal. Filters out cancelled proposals and checks user roles.
10139	Returns items from conditions enabled by user's group membership.
10140	Decorator for modifying cart operations, raising ValidationError if cart is not active, wrapping in database transaction, and marking batch boundaries.
10141	Returns the user's active cart, or creates a new one if it doesn't exist.
10142	Updates cart's last updated time and reservation duration based on time passed, vouchers, and product reservation durations.
10143	Applies a voucher to the cart if it's valid and not already applied.
10144	Determines if the cart is valid by checking vouchers, product quantities, required categories, and available discounts, raising an error if any checks fail.
10145	This method attempts to fix simple errors raised by ValidationError. It first removes expired vouchers from the cart, recalculates discounts, and then filters out unavailable products.
10146	Recalculates and applies discounts to products in a cart based on their price.
10147	Applies applicable discounts to a product and quantity, selecting the best discount and distributing it evenly while respecting the item's quantity limits.
10148	Decorator that converts a report view function into a report display view with a title and optional form class, ensuring the view is restricted to staff users and adding it to a list of all report views.
10149	Yields each row of the table, transformed by the cell_text method.
10150	Creates and pre-validates an instance of `self.form_type` using `request.GET`, or returns `None` if `self.form_type` is `None`.
10151	Renders reports based on data content type, using specific renderers for "text/csv" and "text/html", fallowing to "text/html" if content type is None.
10152	Lists all available reports, generating a sorted list of their names, URLs, and descriptions for display in a template.
10153	Fetches paid invoice items, calculates total quantity, price, and income for each, and returns a report listing sold items and total income.
10154	Summarizes paid sales and payments, including income, total payments, credit notes, and their statuses.
10155	Displays payment history using QuerysetReport
10156	Displays a list of refunded credit notes with ID, reference, and amount.
10157	This method `product_status` processes a form to filter inventory items based on products and categories. It groups the items by cart status and calculates totals for paid, reserved, unreserved, and refunded items. The resulting data is formatted into a report titled "Inventory".
10158	This method processes a form containing discounts and generates a report listing the usage of each discount by categories such as paid, reserved, unreserved, and refunded amounts. It uses a `Q` object for filtering discounts and `group_by_cart_status` for organizing the results by cart status. The final output is a `ListReport` summarizing the discount usage.
10159	def product_line_items(request, form):
Shows paid invoices containing specified products or categories, with details like date and attendee.
10160	This method calculates the number of paid invoices containing specified products or categories, grouped by date. It filters invoices based on the selected products or categories and checks for any associated payments, using the latest payment time for non-zero-value invoices and the issue time for zero-value invoices. The results are then organized by date and presented in a report.
10161	Displays all credit notes with details like ID, owner, status, and value.
10162	Displays all system invoices, sorted by status and ID, with a report showing ID, recipient, value, and status.
10163	def attendee_list(request):
    Returns a sorted list of attendees, including their user ID, name, email, and registration status.
10164	Shows registration status for speakers based on proposal kind, filters by unpaid carts, and orders by payment status.
10165	Generates a registration manifest for paid customers based on selected products or categories, categorizing items by user, cart status, and product.
10166	Returns the categories that the user does not currently hold, based on their pending or purchased items.
10167	Calculates the sum of unclaimed credit from the current user's credit notes.
10168	Checks if unregistered users have sold out of products in a specific category. Returns True if sold out, False if available, and None if user is registered.
10169	The `guided_registration` function handles the registration process for users in multiple steps, ensuring they see all valid categories. It manages different registrations based on the user's progress and available products. The function returns a rendered HTML page with the current step, sections, title, and total steps.
10170	A view for editing an attendee's profile. It checks if the form is handled and has no errors, then redirects to the dashboard with a success message. Otherwise, it renders the profile form HTML with the form data.
10171	Returns a profile form instance and a boolean indicating if the form

was handled.
10172	Handle voucher form → Fetch category and products → Handle products form → Update reservations → Redirect to dashboard or render template
10173	Handles a form for products in the given request, processes the quantities, validates the form, applies discounts, and returns the form instance, discounts, and whether the contents were handled.
10174	Enables processing of a voucher form in a request, checks for validity, and handles applying the voucher to a cart if valid and not already applied. Returns the form instance and a boolean indicating if the voucher was handled.
10175	Here's a concise summary of the provided code:

`checkout(request, user_id=None)` function:

- Handles the checkout process for the current cart.
- If the `fix_errors` query parameter is `true`, it attempts to fix errors by cancelling expired discounts/vouchers and removing unavailable products.
- If `user_id` is provided and the request user is staff, it runs checkout for the specified user; otherwise, it uses the current request user.
- Checks out the cart and generates an invoice.
- Returns a redirect to the `invoice` view if successful, or renders `registrasion/checkout_errors.html` with a list of errors if any occur.
10176	Maps an access code to an invoice by prioritizing unpaid, then paid, and finally the most recent invoice. Raises 404 if no invoices are found.
10177	View to display an invoice, accessible by the invoice owner, staff, or with a valid access code. Raises Http404 if access is denied. Returns the invoice details in a template.
10178	Allows staff to make manual payments or refunds on an invoice, renders a form to submit the payment, and updates the invoice status upon submission.
10179	Marks an invoice as refunded and requests a credit note for the full amount paid. Redirects to the invoice page after processing.
10180	Process a credit note request. If POST, handle apply, refund, or cancellation fee form submissions. If apply, redirect to invoice. If refund, save refund and update message. If cancellation fee, generate fee and redirect to invoice. Otherwise, render credit note template with forms.
10181	def amend_registration(request, user_id):
    Get user and current cart.
    Handle product quantities and vouchers.
    Render formset and voucher form for staff to amend registration cart.
10182	Extends a user's reservation based on the provided user ID and number of days. Redirects back to the previous page.
10183	Sends email notifications to users based on invoice status.
10184	The `badges` function handles either displaying a form with users and their badges or generating a .zip file of the badges. It processes form data, validates it, and if valid, creates a zip file containing SVG badges for each user. If the form is invalid, it renders a template with the form.
10185	Renders a user's badge using a template.
10186	This method filters available discounts for a user based on given categories and products. It filters clauses, checks conditions, and accumulates valid discounts along with their available quantity, excluding those exceeding use limits.
10187	Annotates a queryset with the total quantity of past uses for a discount clause by the given user.
10188	def available_products(cls, user, category=None, products=None):
    "Returns products available after filtering by category, user limits, and flag conditions."
10189	Applies credit note value to an invoice. Creates new credit note if overpayment. Raises ValidationError if payment not allowed.
10190	Generates an invoice for a cancellation fee based on a given percentage, applies credit to the invoice, and returns the updated invoice.
10191	Generates a 6-character access code using uppercase letters and digits 1-9.
10192	A lazy evaluation decorator that takes a function and arguments, returning a callable that evaluates the function only when called, caching the result.
10193	Returns the value of a property from a module specified by a dot-separated string.
10194	```
Generates an invoice for a cart, creating it if non-existent and validating if necessary.
```
10195	Generates an invoice for arbitrary items not in a user's cart. Takes user, due date, and description-price pairs, creates line items, calculates due time, and returns an Invoice object.
10196	Generates an invoice for a given cart by processing its line items and discounts, formatting them as line items, and then invoking further processing to create the invoice.
10197	Applies credit notes to an invoice if it is the user's only unpaid invoice. Checks for unclaimed credit notes and applies them to the invoice, stopping if an overpayment occurs.
10198	Checks if the user can view the invoice by matching the user, staff status, or access code.
10199	Refreshes invoice and cart objects from the database.
10200	Checks if the invoice is unpaid, matches the cart, and validates the cart before allowing payment. Raises ValidationErrors if any checks fail.
10201	Updates invoice status based on payments. Marks as paid, void, or refunded as appropriate. Generates credit notes for residual payments and emails status change.
10202	Marks the invoice as paid and updates the attached cart if necessary.
10203	Returns True if there's no cart, or if the invoice's cart revision matches the current cart revision.
10204	Checks if invoice is valid based on cart revision and reservation expiration. If not valid, refunds payments if any, otherwise voids the invoice.
10205	Verifies invoice validity for voiding; raises error if conditions not met; voids invoice and releases cart if applicable.
10206	Refunds the invoice by generating a CreditNote. Marks the invoice as refunded and the underlying cart as released. Raises an error if the invoice is void.
10207	Sends an email notification for an invoice.
10208	Updates object fields with new data, flattening input, output, static, and var fields into annotations.
10209	Flattens nested dictionaries according to a schema, converting keys into dot-separated paths and incorporating type and label information.
10210	Prints the file paths and values from the 'output' section of an annotation dictionary to standard output.
10211	Download a file if it's a processor result and of type 'basic:file:'. Raise an error if the field doesn't exist or is not of the correct type.
10212	Retrieve and cache Data objects for a given project, handling both ObjectId and slug inputs.
10213	Retrieves a list of Processor objects. Returns all processors if no processor_name is provided, or returns a specific processor by name.
10214	Prints input fields and types for a given processor.
10215	Sends JSON data to the server via a POST request.
10216	Upload files and data objects to a Genesis project using a specific processor. The method validates the processor name, checks field inputs, handles file uploads, and returns an HTTP response object.
10217	Uploads a file in chunks of 1,024 bytes, retries failed chunks up to 5 times, and prints upload progress. Returns the session ID upon successful upload.
10218	Download files of data objects specified by ids and a download field. Raises ValueError if field is not 'output.*', object id is invalid, or field does not exist or is not 'basic:file:'. Returns generator of requests.Response objects.
10219	"Recursively retrieves all subclasses of a given class."
10220	def get_repo_and_project(self):
"""Retrieves and validates repository and project details."""
repo = self.get_repo()
project = self.get_project()
first_issue = self.get_first_issue()
self.sync_data()
return repo, project
10221	Iterates through a list of variant IDs, retrieves variant data using civic.get_variants_by_ids, and for each variant's evidence, fetches and processes suggested changes from the CIVIC API, summarizing added and deleted phenotype IDs along with current phenotype IDs.
10222	for each variant, applies suggested changes to current phenotype and yields evidence and merged phenotype if changes are made
10223	Search the cache for variants matching provided coordinates using the specified search mode. The function filters variants based on their overlap with the query coordinates and the chosen search mode (any, include_smaller, include_larger, exact). If the variant matches the query conditions, its hash is retrieved from the cache and returned.
10224	Iterates through sorted queries and a coordinate table to yield matches based on specified search mode.
10225	This method updates a record using provided keyword arguments or retrieves it from a cache if available. It returns True if the record is complete after the update, else False.
10226	def uniqify(cls, seq):
    """Returns a unique list of seq"""
    seen = set()
    seen_add = seen.add
    return [x for x in seq if not (x in seen or seen_add(x))]
10227	Connects to Github and Asana, authenticates via OAuth, and initializes API clients and user information.
10228	Prompts user to select an item from a list by index or name, returns the selected item or name. Handles invalid inputs gracefully.
10229	def get_saved_issue_data(self, issue, namespace='open'): Returns issue data from local data for a given issue number and namespace. Handles issue input as int or str. Updates and returns issue data.
10230	Moves an issue's data from one namespace to another by updating the data dictionary.
10231	Returns task data from local store based on task ID.
10232	Retrieves a task from Asana by ID, returns None if not found or forbidden.
10233	def save(self): Save data by writing it to a file in JSON format, pruning unnecessary data and updating the version number.
10234	Applies a setting value to a key, handling prompts and loading/saving callbacks.
10235	Decorator for retrying tasks with special cases.
10236	Waits until the queue is empty, optionally executing a callback function.
10237	Creates a new task with specified parameters.
10238	Returns formatted task numbers with links if project ID is available; otherwise, returns plain numbers.
10239	Creates a task in Asana with specified details, notifies Git issue, saves task data, and syncs tags/labels.
10240	This method returns a sorted list of unique data types by extracting data from a project using a generated cloud instance and then filtering out the types.
10241	```python
def ekm_log(logstr, priority=3):
    """ Send string to module level log if priority is valid.

    Args:
        logstr (str): Log message.
        priority (int): Priority level (default is 3).
    """
    if priority <= ekmmeters_log_level:
        stamp = datetime.datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d %H:%M.%f")
        ekmmeters_log_func("[EKM Meter Debug Message: " + stamp + "] -> " + logstr)
```
10242	Initializes serial communication with specified parameters and logs configuration.
10243	Sets polling loop control values
10244	Combine AB defines a method to merge fields from V3 and V4 meter definitions, excluding reserved and CRC fields.
10245	This method `renderJsonReadsSince` queries a SQLite database for meter read records since a specified timestamp for a given meter address and returns the results as a JSON string.
10246	Set context string if context is empty and string length is at least 7, excluding "request" prefix
10247	Sums legacy PF value based on first character: 'C' for 200 - second character, 'I' for second character.
10248	Sets the maximum demand period with an optional password and returns True on successful completion with ACK.
10249	Sets a new meter password after authentication with the old password. Returns True on successful password change.
10250	def unpackStruct(self, data, def_buf):  
    struct_str = "="
    for fld in def_buf:
        if not def_buf[fld][MeterData.CalculatedFlag]:
            struct_str += str(def_buf[fld][MeterData.SizeValue]) + "s"
    if len(data) == 255:
        return struct.unpack(struct_str, str(data))
    else:
        self.writeCmdMsg("Length error. Len() size = " + str(len(data)))
        return ()
10251	The `convertData` method processes raw data from a tuple and converts it into scaled and converted values, updating a destination buffer with the results. It handles different field types (Float, Hex, Int, String, PowerFactor) and applies scaling based on the provided `kwh_scale`. The method logs any exceptions encountered during processing.
10252	Converts a `SerialBlock` object to a JSON string, excluding fields containing "RESERVED" or "CRC".
10253	Check if CRC of raw read matches calculated CRC. Log errors on exceptions.
10254	Breaks down a 14-digit integer representing a date into a named tuple with individual components like year, month, day, and time.
10255	Retrieves the months tariff buffer for a meter based on the direction specified. If the direction is kWhReverse, returns the reverse months buffer; otherwise, returns the default kWh months buffer.
10256	Sets the CT ratio for an inductive pickup via serial communication with optional password authentication. Validates input CT ratio and password length, sends command and verifies response for success.
10257	Checks input values, logs errors if invalid, assigns tariff, hour, and minute to schedule buffer, and returns True on success.
10258	Define and assign a season's schedule, validate inputs, and update parameters. Return True on successful completion, False otherwise.
10259	Sets season schedules using a command dictionary and password. If no dictionary is provided, it uses the current season schedules buffer. Authenticates with the password and constructs a serial command with the schedule data, sending it over the serial port. Waits for a response and checks for success (ACK: 06). Returns True on successful execution and ACK.
10260	Sets a holiday date and month in an object buffer after validating the inputs. Returns True on success, False on failure.
10261	This method reads schedule tariffs from a meter and validates the CRC. It handles two schedules: 1 to 4 and 5 to 6. If the CRC matches, it returns True; otherwise, it returns False.
10262	reads a schedule tariff from a meter object buffer, returns details on completion
10263	def readMonthTariffs(self, months_type):
    """ Serial call to read month tariffs block into meter object buffer. """
    self.setContext("readMonthTariffs")
    try:
        req_type = binascii.hexlify(str(months_type).zfill(1))
        req_str = "01523102303031" + req_type + "282903"
        work_table = self.m_mons if months_type != ReadMonths.kWhReverse else self.m_rev_mons
        self.request(False)
        req_crc = self.calc_crc16(req_str[2:].decode("hex"))
        req_str += req_crc
        self.m_serial_port.write(req_str.decode("hex"))
        raw_ret = self.m_serial_port.getResponse(self.getContext())
        self.serialPostEnd()
        unpacked_read = self.unpackStruct(raw_ret, work_table)
        self.convertData(unpacked_read, work_table, self.m_kwh_precision)
        return_crc = self.calc_crc16(raw_ret[1:-2])
        if str(return_crc) == str(work_table["crc16"][MeterData.StringValue]):
            ekm_log("Months CRC success, type = " + str(req_type))
10264	Extracts and returns a tuple with kWh and Rev kWh totals for a given month from the meter object buffer. Handles out-of-range months by returning zero values.
10265	Reads holiday dates into meter buffer. Sends request, receives response, checks CRC, unpacks, and returns success.
10266	Reads a single holiday date from a meter buffer, returning a tuple of the holiday, month, and day as strings. Adjusts the holiday input by adding one. Checks if the holiday is within bounds, and if not, sets all return values to '0'. Retrieves the day and month from a dictionary, handling cases where the keys may not exist by setting all values to '0'.
10267	Function that reads all meter settings and returns True if all subsequent serial calls completed with ACK.
10268	Sets a command result string with a timestamp and context.
10269	Sends a password to a serial port, logs the result, and returns True if the password is accepted.
10270	Notify all attached observers with the current request in the order they were added, handling any exceptions that occur during the notification process.
10271	Initialize a lookup table for string inputs of LCD fields.
10272	Trigger combined request methods A and B for V4 meter, handle success with calculations and updates, log exceptions.
10273	```plaintext
Issue a read on V4 meter and return True if CRC matches.
```
10274	Issues a B read on a V4 meter, updates the context, sends a request, receives a response, unpacks, converts data, calculates CRC, and restores the context. Returns True if CRC matches.
10275	Merges fields from `m_blk_a` and `m_blk_b` into `m_req`, including only non-reserved and non-CRC fields.
10276	Calculates power factors and net watts for three lines based on direction byte and updates the read buffer with the results.
10277	Wraps LCD set methods, validates display list length, adds items, and sets LCD with a password. Returns passthrough result.
10278	def setRelay(self, seconds, relay, status, password="00000000"):
    Sets a relay with given parameters and password. Validates inputs, authenticates via password, constructs and sends a command string, and checks for successful response. Returns True on successful completion and ACK, False otherwise.
10279	Sends termination string to current meter over serial port and logs any errors.
10280	Sets the pulse input ratio on a line using a serial command. Requires a line number and a new constant, with an optional password for authentication. Returns True if successful, False otherwise.
10281	Resettable kWh registers are zeroed.
10282	Sets an LCD using the meter object buffer with an optional password. Clears the command message, checks password length, and requests authorization. Constructs a request table, pads with zeros, sends the request, and checks the response. Returns True on successful completion.
10283	Iterates over fields recursively and yields schema and fields tuples. Uses a nested loop to handle grouped fields.
10284	Iterate over a schema recursively, yielding field and value tuples. Handle nested groups by iterating deeper. If path is provided, include it in the yielded tuples.
10285	Generates random paragraphs, with options to specify quantity, separator, wrapping, HTML formatting, and sentence count. Returns paragraphs as a list or joined string.
10286	Generates random text of specified length or between two lengths, optionally including lowercase, uppercase, digits, spaces, and punctuation.
10287	Return a string containing the combined summary of timing and result statistics.
10288	Applies ANSI escape codes to color text.
10289	Method `show` writes `text` to a stream and immediately flushes the stream.
10290	Return a string summary of test results showing the number of tests run, errors, and failures.
10291	Parses command-line arguments, defaults to "run" if not provided, and returns cleaned arguments.
10292	Configure the environment for an example run by setting up a formatter based on the config options for verbosity and color. Then, create an example result using the configured formatter and set it as the current result for ivoire and result management.
10293	The run method executes a test run based on the provided configuration. It sets up the environment, handles early termination if specified, starts the test run, loads test specifications, and finally stops the test run, exiting with a status indicating success or failure.
10294	Run in transform mode. If possible, register ExampleLoader, save original sys.argv, execute runpy.run_path with config.runner, then restore original sys.argv.
10295	Transform describe node into TestCase.
10296	Transforms the body of an example group by iterating through its nodes, extracting names and context variables, and yielding a transformed example.
10297	Transforms an example node into a test method by generating a function definition with a specific name and body, based on the input parameters.
10298	Transforms example body by replacing occurrences of context_variable with "self"
10299	Return an argument list node with `self` as the only argument.
10300	Registers a path hook for a class, appending a FileFinder instance to sys.path_hooks.
10301	Parse source bytes into AST, transform using ExampleTransformer, and compile into code object.
10302	Parse arguments using the provided parser, optionally with custom options.
10303	Load a module by name, either from a file path or a fully qualified name.
10304	Load a spec from a given path or directory, discovering specs if a directory is provided.
10305	Recursively yield relative paths to filtered specs within a directory.
10306	A function that monitors a directory for changes in JSON process configuration files and calls the appropriate receiver methods to handle additions, removals, and modifications.
10307	Define a function `messages` that takes a directory `location` and an `IEventReceiver` object `receiver`. It returns a new function that checks the directory for new messages, calls the `message` method on `receiver` for each received message, and deletes the message file.
10308	Adds a process configuration to a file.
10309	Remove a process by deleting its configuration file.
10310	Restart a process by sending a 'RESTART' message with the given name to the Places instance.
10311	Converts a dictionary-like object to a dictionary, extracts configuration and messages to create a Places object, removes function key-value pair, and calls the function with the Places object and remaining key-value pairs as keyword arguments.
10312	Return a service that monitors processes based on directory contents, restarts them if files change, and stops them if removed. It listens for restart and restart-all messages.
10313	Create a service using configuration and options, set process monitor thresholds and delays, and return the service.
10314	Updates or inserts a node in a database, setting its session to the current time in milliseconds.
10315	Checks for expired nodes and removes them from the nodelist, optionally verifying specific node IDs.
10316	```
Removes a node from the nodelist by its ID, using the connection client.
```
10317	Returns the last updated timestamp for a given node ID, or None if not available.
10318	Returns a dictionary of node IDs and their last refreshed timestamps.
10319	Updates session by removing expired nodes and refreshing the session itself, assuming the reference is locked.
10320	Increments the number of times this resource has been modified and sets an expiration time for the modification counter.
10321	Decrements the reference count for a resource, executes a callback if it's the last reference, and cleans up. Returns True if the resource no longer has any references.
10322	Returns a list of tokens interleaved with the delimiter.
10323	This method `check` takes a file path and two timestamps as input and returns a list of process names that need to be restarted. It filters processes based on their status using a custom function `_isbad`.
10324	Merge another status' failure message into this one, retaining the farthest message and combining expected values if they are equally far.
10325	Checks if a value exists by ensuring it is a Token with an identifier, correcting it if necessary, and performing a query to check if the identifier is not null.
10326	```python
def get(value):
    Ensure value is a token with an identifier.
    If not, create a new token with a default identifier.
    Return a Query object matching the value and returning its identifier.
```
10327	Produce a function that always returns a supplied value.
10328	Converts a function to accept a single iterable argument, unpacking elements to pass as individual arguments to the original function.
10329	Converts a function that takes a single iterable argument into a function that takes multiple arguments by passing each argument as an element of an iterable to the original function.
10330	Spawns a process, sets timers for termination and killing, logs process results, and returns a deferred.
10331	Create a scheduler service with given options, run `runProcess` with specified arguments, and add it to a multi-service object.
10332	Consume a reader with a parser and return a Success result only if the parser consumes the entire input. If the parser consumes only part of the input, return a Failure result with a message listing the expected items that were not found.
10333	def lit(literal, *literals) -> Parser:
    """Match a literal sequence or alternatives.
    If multiple literals are provided, they are treated as alternatives. e.g. lit('+', '-') is the same as lit('+') | lit('-').
    Returns a LiteralParser, LiteralStringParser, or AlternativeParser based on the number of arguments.
    """
10334	An optional parser that returns a list containing the parsed value or an empty list if the parsing fails.
10335	Matches a parser one or more times and returns a list of values. Fails if parser doesn't match at all.
10336	Rep its a method that takes parser as an input and returns a repeated parser that matches the parser zero or more times.
10337	def rep1sep(parser: Parser, separator: Parser) -> RepeatedOnceSeparatedParser:
    """Match parser one or more times, separated by another parser. Returns list of parser values or fails if no match."""
    if isinstance(parser, str):
        parser = lit(parser)
    if isinstance(separator, str):
        separator = lit(separator)
    return RepeatedOnceSeparatedParser(parser, separator)
10338	def repsep(parser, separator) -> RepeatedSeparatedParser:
    Normalizes and returns a parser that matches the given parser zero or more times, separated by another parser.
10339	Iterate over child processes, update state dictionary, close exited processes, and initialize new ones
10340	Closes an instance, cancelling any active calls and marking it as closed. Raises an error if the instance is already closed.
10341	Check HTTP state; raise error if closed; reset if needed; return False if URL is None; otherwise, check state.
10342	Add a heart service to a master service collection if the heart service is not None.
10343	Wrap a service in a MultiService with optional heart functionality.
10344	Freeze a TensorFlow graph from a checkpoint and save it with specified output nodes.
10345	Save a TensorFlow session to a checkpoint, then freeze and shrink the graph to the specified output nodes, saving the result to the given file path.
10346	Remove device info from graph nodes and save a subgraph to the specified file path.
10347	Saves a reduced graph from a checkpoint, specifying output node names, with an option for text format.
10348	This function restores trainable variables from a checkpoint and saves them individually in separate files.
10349	Load a TensorFlow checkpoint, restoring the metagraph and variables.
10350	def parse(cls, parser, token):
    Parses tag, instantiates class, validates args, handles end tag if present.
10351	NotImplementedError: Method not implemented
10352	Validate the number of arguments for a template tag, raising an error if the actual arguments do not meet the specified minimum or maximum requirements.
10353	Return the context data for the included template, raising a NotImplementedError.
10354	Parse an "as var" syntax token and return a class instance with the parsed data.
10355	Updates tag_kwargs if 'template' key is present, then returns a dictionary with context_value_name as the key and the result of get_value method as the value.
10356	Converts a Caffe model to a TensorFlow session by using the caffeflow package.
10357	Convert a Caffe model to TensorFlow, save it as a checkpoint, and then freeze and shrink the graph to the specified output nodes.
10358	Saves a small version of a Caffe model graph to a TensorFlow file using specified input tensors and output node names.
10359	Make a sequence into a matrix with specified number of columns, filling in missing values with None.
10360	Breaks up a sequence into chunks of specified size, works with strings and iterables.
10361	Iterate over an iterable and yield every other item.
10362	Remove consecutive duplicates in an iterable, preserving the first occurrence of each value.
10363	Return the next value and the rest of the iterable.
10364	Returns items from an iterable while a predicate returns true, without consuming non-matching items.
10365	Calculates how to distribute `count` items into `bin_size`-limit bins. Returns a list representing the number of items in each bin.
10366	Return an iterable object based on the input. If the input is not iterable, return a tuple containing the input. If the input is None, return an empty iterable. Handle mappings as singletons.
10367	Calls each callable in the provided sequence, suppressing exceptions from a specified list or all exceptions if none are provided.
10368	Yield duplicate items from iterables based on a key function
10369	Check if items in an iterable are in order based on a comparator and key, yielding each item until an order violation is found.
10370	Check if item exists in partition_result; if not, swap before and after.
10371	```
Retrieves items from an ordered dictionary before, matching, and after a specified key. Returns three ordered dicts.
```
10372	Get the first n queues, filling with empty iterables if needed.
10373	Resets the iterator to the start, discarding any remaining values in the current iteration.
10374	Parse a token for a "as varname" statement, returning the remaining bits and the variable name if present.
10375	Registers a class as a template tag in a Django template library.
10376	Convert chain_path into a list of steps, each step derived from a segment of chain_path. Iterate through these steps, updating public_child by getting its child at each step. Return the resulting PublicKeychain.
10377	Get sqlite_master table information as a list of dictionaries.
10378	Iterates through an object graph in postorder, yielding nodes with their parent and sibling information.
10379	Selects nodes using a selector, returning a single node or a list. Returns False on syntax error, None if no results.
10380	Takes a selector as input, processes it using lex, and returns matched nodes from self.obj. Handles both '*' operator and other selectors, converting single results to primitives and returning None if no results.
10381	Interprets CSS selectors and constructs a list of matching nodes based on the selector components (type, identifier, class, nth-child, pclass-function, pclass-function). Handles combinators (operator: , >, ~, ' ') to combine selections and applies validators to filter nodes. Raises errors for unrecognized types or operators.
10382	Find nodes in rhs whose parent is in lhs.
10383	Return nodes from rhs that have ancestors in lhs by recursively searching each node's parent.
10384	Find nodes in rhs that share parents with any node in lhs.
10385	Parse the lexeme and tokens to determine the 'a' and 'b' values for an nth-child CSS selector validation function. The function then checks if a node meets the nth-child condition based on these values.
10386	Iterates over each node in obj using object_iter. Applies each validator in validators to the node. Collects nodes that match all validators in results. Returns the collected nodes.
10387	Sends ICMP echo requests to destination `dst` `count` times, returns a deferred that fires when responses are finished.
10388	Make an HTTP request and return the body, adding a default User-Agent header if missing.
10389	Expires cache items older than `age` seconds by removing entries from both `cache` and `store`.
10390	Set a key `k` to value `v`, record the timestamp, and persist the change.
10391	Returns the contents of key k and modifies the time if necessary. If k is in the store, returns a tuple of its contents; otherwise returns None.
10392	Check if a key exists in the store.
10393	Verify a record's integrity in a chain by checking its timestamp, signatures, and relationships with neighboring records.
10394	Convert JSON string to NistBeaconValue object, validate required fields, return object or None.
10395	Converts an XML string representing a NIST Randomness Beacon value into a 'NistBeaconValue' object, returning a 'None' if the XML is invalid or missing required values.
10396	Returns a 'minified' version of the javascript content by checking if a minified template exists. If not, it minifies the response using jsmin.
10397	Reads log lines from a file, passing each to a function, and handles file rollovers..
10398	Runs a function to populate a list of log lines and returns it
10399	Validate a token by comparing expected data with data in the token.
10400	Returns the cryptographic engine for the class instance, initializing it if necessary using the Flask app's secret key.
10401	Iterates through supported digest algorithms, validates token using each one, returns data from the first successful validation or None if all fail.
10402	def create_token(cls, obj_id, data, expires_at=None):
    """Create a secret link token with optional expiration."""
    s = TimedSecretLinkSerializer(expires_at=expires_at) if expires_at else SecretLinkSerializer()
    return s.create_token(obj_id, data)
10403	32-bit counter that calculates the difference between two values, with wrapping if the second value is less than the first. Returns the result divided by a delta.
10404	Calculates the normalized difference between two 64-bit counters with potential wrapping.
10405	Calculates and safely formats the average duration in seconds to a string representation of a timedelta.
10406	Sets up output processors based on protocol (TCP or UDP), configures defaults, applies debug settings, imports classes, and initializes outputs.
10407	Sets up source objects from the config, creates sources, sets up triggers, and appends them to the sources list.
10408	This method, `sendEvent`, is a callback function called by event sources when they have new events. It updates an event counter, aggregates the events, and routes them based on the source. Critical or warn sources are handled differently by setting states before routing. The last event time for the source is updated.
10409	Defensive programming approach to restart sources that haven't generated events in 10x their interval.
10410	Converts an input format to a regular expression, extracts fields, and raises an exception if the regex compilation fails.
10411	Parses a log line into a dictionary, raising an exception on failure.
10412	Validate the `expires_at` field is in the future, not more than one year ahead.
10413	Validates if the form's reject field is checked and the message field is empty; raises an error if so
10414	Verify token from request, validate it using SecretLink model, and save in session if valid.
10415	Return the device name if it's a mobile or tablet, otherwise return the browser name.
10416	```
Filter out external image warnings.
```
10417	Connect signals to receivers functions
10418	def create_secret_link(request, message=None, expires_at=None):
    """Generates a secret link for a record."""
    pid, record = get_record(request.recid) # Retrieve record using request.recid
    if not record: # Check if record exists
        raise RecordNotFound(request.recid) # Raise error if record does not exist
    description = render_template("zenodo_accessrequests/link_description.tpl", # Render template with necessary data
        request=request,
        record=record,
        pid=pid,
        expires_at=expires_at,
        message=message,
    )
    request.create_secret_link(
        record["title"],
        description=description,
        expires_at=expires_at # Create secret link with record title, description, and expiration
    )
10419	Sends an email notification when an access request is accepted.
10420	Processes a request-confirmed signal to log an error if the record cannot be retrieved, constructs a title using the record title, and sends two email notifications to the request receiver and sender using template files.
10421	Sends an email validation notification using a token based on the request details.
10422	Sends an email notification when a request is rejected.
10423	Render a template and send as an email.
10424	Create a new secret link, set its properties, generate a token, and send a creation event.
10425	Validate a secret link token by checking the database only if the token is valid and ensuring it has not been revoked.
10426	Revoke a secret link if not already revoked, set revoked_at, send link_revoked signal, return True; otherwise return False.
10427	Create a new access request with validation and confirmation steps.
10428	```python
def get_by_receiver(cls, request_id, user):
    """Retrieve access request by request ID and receiver user ID."""
    return cls.query.filter_by(
        id=request_id,
        receiver_user_id=user.id
    ).first()
```
10429	Start a nested database session. If the request status is not EMAIL_VALIDATION, raise an error. Set the status to PENDING. Send a confirmation request.
10430	This method updates the status of a request to accepted if it is currently pending. It also emits a request_accepted signal with the updated request, along with optional message and expires_at parameters.
10431	Reject request if status is PENDING, otherwise raise an error; update status to REJECTED and send rejection signal.
10432	Create a secret link from the request with optional title, description, and expiration time.
10433	def get_hash(version, frequency, timestamp, seed_value, prev_output, status_code) -> SHA512Hash:
    """
    Compute SHA512 hash for NistBeaconValue signature verification.

    :param version: NistBeaconValue version
    :param frequency: NistBeaconValue frequency
    :param timestamp: NistBeaconValue timestamp
    :param seed_value: NistBeaconValue seed value
    :param prev_output: NistBeaconValue previous output value
    :param status_code: NistBeaconValue status code

    :return: SHA512 hash object
    """
    # Concatenate encoded version, packed frequency, timestamp, hex seed and prev output, and status code
    # Return the SHA512 hash of the concatenated data
10434	def verify(cls, timestamp, message_hash, signature) -> bool: Determine verifier based on timestamp, use it to verify message and signature, or mark as invalid if no verifier. Convert int result to bool and return.
10435	Checks if a record is embargoed by verifying if 'access_right' is 'embargoed', 'embargo_date' exists, and is later than the current date.
10436	def access_request(pid, record, template, **kwargs):
    """
    Create an access request for a restricted record.
    - Check if the record is in restricted access mode and has access conditions.
    - Ensure the record has an existing owner.
    - Prepare initial form data based on the authenticated user.
    - Validate the form submission.
    - If valid, create and save the access request.
    - Display appropriate flash message and redirect to the record page.
    """
10437	Confirm email address by validating token and updating request status.
Checks token validity and request status, then confirms email and submits access request.
Flash success message and redirect to record page.
Abort with 404 if token or request is invalid.
10438	Creates an SSH endpoint connection.
10439	Return reverse ordering direction for a column if selected, otherwise None.
10440	Return the selected column with a minus sign if sorting is in descending order.
10441	Return query with correct ordering based on asc and selected column.
10442	Open file, read lines, search for magic line, extract version, handle exceptions.
10443	Set the version in a file by modifying the line containing a magic string.
10444	Initialize SSH client with configurations; verify key, user, and password; check cache; create or retrieve SSH client; add key if specified.
10445	Starts the timer for the source, initializes SSH connection if necessary.
10446	Updates running state, handles events, queues them, and manages errors.
10447	List pending access requests and shared links, filter by query, sort by specified column, and paginate results.
10448	Creates a TCP connection to Riemann with automatic reconnection, handles SSL if enabled, and waits for a successful connection before proceeding.
10449	Stop the client by stopping the transport, factory, and connector.
10450	Remove up to self.queueDepth events from the queue, send them if allow_nan is true or only non-NaN events if false.
10451	Grows the internal events queue by appending a list of new events, up to a maximum size.
10452	Create a UDP connection to Riemann using server and port from configuration, resolve server IP, and connect.
10453	Sets up HTTP connector and starts queue timer
10454	Adapts an Event object to a Riemann protobuf event Event by copying relevant attributes and handling metric and attributes accordingly.
10455	Encode a list of Tensor events using protobuf, filtering for 'riemann' type events.
10456	Parse serialized protobuf data into a Tensor event list
10457	Increment pressure and send encoded events to Riemann.
10458	def generate(ctx, url, *args, **kwargs):
    Generates a preview for a URL.
    Constructs options based on provided keyword arguments.
    Calls file_previews.generate with URL and options.
    Outputs the results using click.echo.
10459	Retrieve preview results by ID and print them.
10460	Send message dicts through r_q, with explicit errors for pickle problems.
10461	Loop through messages, execute tasks, send ACKs, and handle errors.
10462	Returns True if hot_loop is True and time_delta is greater than or equal to log_interval, otherwise returns False.
10463	Send a base64-encoded response to a challenge, adjust the state machine, and return the next state.
10464	Aborts a SASL authentication process, raises errors if not in the correct state, and sets the state to failure.
10465	Remove characters from table C12 and map characters from table B1 to space in-place.
10466	Template tag for rendering admin footer based on user permissions.
10467	Summarizes given amount and client reference to build payment parameters with merchant ID, calculated amount and currency, unique reference, signature, and uses alias as False. Logs the parameters.
10468	Builds payment parameters to display a datatrans form for registering a credit card. Uses arbitrary currency 'CHF' and includes a unique client reference and signature.
10469	Charges money using a previously registered credit card alias via datatrans, handling exceptions, logging, building request XML, sending the request, processing the response, saving, and sending signals.
10470	Return full version number, including tags like rc, beta.
10471	Constructs a widget with a layout containing a header, content splitter with a bookmarks list and a file system view, and a footer with cancel and accept buttons.
10472	def _postConstruction(self):
    '''Perform post-construction operations.'''
    self.setWindowTitle('Filesystem Browser')
    self._filesystemWidget.sortByColumn(0, QtCore.Qt.AscendingOrder)
    self._bookmarksWidget.hide()
    self._acceptButton.setDefault(True)
    self._acceptButton.setDisabled(True)
    self._acceptButton.clicked.connect(self.accept)
    self._cancelButton.clicked.connect(self.reject)
    self._configureShortcuts()
    self.setLocation(self._root)
    self._filesystemWidget.horizontalHeader().setResizeMode(
        QtGui.QHeaderView.ResizeToContents
    )
    self._filesystemWidget.horizontalHeader().setResizeMode(
        0, QtGui.QHeaderView.Stretch
    )
    self._upButton.clicked.connect(self._onNavigateUpButtonClicked)
    self._locationWidget.currentIndexChanged.connect(self._onNavigate)
    self._filesystemWidget.activated.connect(self._onActivateItem)
    selectionModel = self._filesystemWidget.selectionModel()
    selectionModel.currentRowChanged.connect(self._onSelectItem)
10473	Adds 'Backspace' keyboard shortcut to navigate up in the filesystem.
10474	Parasitized
10475	Enable accept button, clear selection list, get selected item's path, add path to selection list
10476	Handle path segment selection.
10477	Set resource source and target paths.
10478	Check and run pyside-rcc command to compile resource files. If pyside-rcc not found, print error message and exit.
10479	Remove specified resource and compiled resource files; warn if they don't exist; then call parent class method.
10480	Fetch new children if canFetchMore is True, set _fetched to True, and return the children. Caller must add each child to parent if desired.
10481	Reset self.children, enable fetching
10482	Return icon for index by mapping it to source model.
10483	This function runs an external command in a separate process and detaches it from the current process. It handles stdin, stdout, and stderr redirection, and can daemonize the child process. Returns the PID of the child process if not daemonized.
10484	Get the maximum file descriptor value from the system limits, or use a predefined value if the limit is infinite.
10485	Close a file descriptor if open, raise an Error if closing fails due to a reason other than EBADF.
10486	Close all open file descriptors except those in the exclude_fds list
10487	Redirects a system stream to a provided target or /dev/null if the target is None.
10488	Applies HTML attributes to each field widget of a given form, allowing for attribute values to be functions of the field.
10489	Retrieves a module from a given app by its name, handling potential package structures and errors gracefully.
10490	This method imports modules from registered apps based on a given module name and returns them as a list.
10491	include: Dynamic inclusion of templates with fallback

1. Splits token into bits
2. Checks if template name contains variables
3. If dynamic, compiles fallback and creates DynamicIncludeNode
4. Replaces 'include_' with 'include' and returns node
10492	Calls get_gravatar_url to retrieve the Gravatar image URL for the given obj with the specified size and default image type.
10493	Returns HTML img tag for Gravatar URL based on input object, size, and default image type.
10494	Checks if a given path is an absolute directory and not a file.
10495	Checks if a URL contains "s3" in the scheme, netloc, or path, and raises an exception if "s3" is not found.
10496	Return the absolute path of a given filename if it's already absolute; otherwise, join the current working directory with the filename.
10497	List objects in an S3 bucket with optional prefix and full key data.
10498	Builds a workflow JSON from a cloud_harness task, including task definition, input and output ports, and save data locations if specified.
10499	Execute cloud_harness task, send POST request with optional override_workflow_json, handle status code, set task ID if successful, refresh task status.
10500	Move specified files from a folder to a project archive, handling errors and bypassing with dry run if specified.
10501	```plaintext
Create directories recursively.
```
10502	Lists files in an archive directory based on a user-provided pattern, using glob matching and intersection to filter results.
10503	Restores a project from the archive by checking if a folder with the same name already exists, finding the most recent matching project, and moving it to the current directory.
10504	Create a new storage service client using a specified access token and optional environment.
10505	Lists entities directly under a given path, validates the path, handles pagination, and returns a list of file names.
10506	Download a file from storage to local disk, overwriting existing files and handling specific exceptions.
10507	Check if a path exists in storage, validate path, retrieve metadata, return True if exists with 'uuid' key. Raise exceptions for forbidden, not found, and other storage errors.
10508	def get_parent(self, path):
    Removes the last step from the path to get the parent entity's path, validates it, and returns the parent entity as a JSON object, raising exceptions for errors.
10509	Create a folder at the specified path, validate the path, and create the folder using the API client. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments, forbidden access, not found, and other server errors.
10510	Upload a local file to a storage service, validate the destination path, create a file container, upload file content, and return the file UUID.
10511	Deletes an entity from storage at the specified path. Validates the path, retrieves the entity, checks if it's a folder or file, and deletes it accordingly. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments, forbidden access, non-existent entity, and other server errors.
10512	- Validate a string as a valid storage path.
- Must start with a slash and be longer than 1 character.
- Optionally exclude paths containing project names.
10513	Creates a new cross-service client using the provided access token and optional environment. Returns an instance of the class with a new storage client initialized with the given credentials.
10514	Create a new storage service REST client with authentication and error handling for different HTTP status codes.
10515	Get entity details by UUID
10516	Set metadata for an entity of a given type and ID, replacing existing metadata with the provided dictionary. Raises exceptions for invalid UUIDs or non-dictionary metadata.
10517	**Summary:**
Retrieves metadata for an entity by type and ID, handling exceptions for invalid inputs and server errors.
10518	Update entity metadata, validate UUID and dictionary, make authenticated PUT request.
10519	Delete specified metadata keys from an entity.
10520	Lists projects accessible by the user, with optional filters for HPC, access level, name, and collaboration ID. Pagination and ordering params are also available. Returns a dictionary with project details and pagination info. Raises exceptions for server response errors.
10521	Get project details by project ID. Validate UUID, make authenticated request, return project info or raise exception.
10522	```python
Creates a new project within a specified collaboration and returns its details.

Args:
    collab_id (int): The id of the collaboration.

Returns:
    Dict with project details.

Raises:
    StorageForbiddenException: If the client does not have permission.
    StorageNotFoundException: If the collaboration is not found.
    StorageException: For other 400-600 error codes.
```
10523	The `delete_project` method deletes a project by its UUID, recursively removing all its content. It validates the UUID, raises exceptions for invalid arguments, and handles various HTTP errors.
10524	Create a new folder with the specified name and parent UUID, handling exceptions for invalid arguments and server errors.
10525	def get_folder_details(self, folder):
    Validate UUID, make authenticated request for folder details, return folder info or raise exceptions for invalid UUID or server errors.
10526	Delete a folder recursively by UUID, handling exceptions for invalid arguments, forbidden access, not found, and other HTTP errors.
10527	def upload_file_content(self, file_id, etag=None, source=None, content=None): Uploads file content, matching ETag if provided. Validates UUID, ensures either source file or content is provided. Sends authenticated POST request with optional ETag and content. Returns ETag from server response. Raises exceptions on errors.
10528	Copy file content from source file to target file using file UUIDs. Validate UUIDs, raise exceptions for invalid input, and send authenticated request with headers.
10529	```plaintext
Downloads file content using file ID and optional ETag. Returns new ETag and content if changed. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments, forbidden access, not found, and other errors.
```
10530	Get a signed URL for file download without authentication. Raises exceptions for invalid arguments, forbidden access, not found, and other errors.
10531	Formats log record to a dictionary and inserts it into a MongoDB collection.
10532	Sets the service name and version for the request and returns the request builder instance.
10533	Adds headers to the request and returns the request builder instance.
10534	Adds a dictionary of parameters to the request params and returns the request builder instance for chaining.
10535	Modifies the request to throw an exception based on a condition.
10536	Returns a list of fields to be displayed on the changelist, applying transformation to Boolean fields.
10537	def map_job(job, func, inputs, *args):  
    """
    Splits input into partitions, spawns child jobs for processing.
    """
10538	Runs GenotypeGVCFs on one or more gVCFs, applying thresholds for variant emission and calling, and using optional annotations.
10539	Runs the Oncotator tool to annotate a VCF file with cancer relevant variant information, using the specified Oncotator database and generating an annotated VCF file based on the hg19 genome build.
10540	Sorting method sorts items based on a timestamp (default) or a custom key provided by the user.
10541	Returns a list of timestamps extracted from the "t" key of data points in the raw data, converted to datetime objects.
10542	Adds data from a ConnectorDB export by loading "data.json" from the specified folder.
10543	Shifts all timestamps in the datapoint array by a specified number of seconds in-place.
10544	Calculates the sum of the 'd' values from a list of datapoints.
10545	def rfxcom(device=None):
    """Start the event loop to collect data from the serial device. If no device is provided, it looks for it in the config. If not found, an error is printed and the function returns. Otherwise, it calls rfxcom_collect with the device."""
    if device is None:
        device = app.config.get('DEVICE')
    if device is None:
        print("The serial device needs to be passed in as --device or set in the config as DEVICE.")
        return
    rfxcom_collect(device)
10546	Create a new user with a password via user input and save to the database.
10547	Parses search pages for Visual Novels, extracting names and IDs from a BeautifulSoup object and 返回 a list of dictionaries.
10548	Parse a search page to extract release information into a list of dictionaries. Each dictionary contains the release date, age group, platform, and name.
10549	Async function to parse producer or staff results from a page. Takes a BeautifulSoup object as input, extracts list items, and returns a list of dictionaries with nationality and name.
10550	Parse a page of character results and return a list of dictionaries containing a name, gender, and list of games played.
10551	Retrieve all `td` elements with class `tc3` from the given BeautifulSoup object, extract the text from the `a` tag within each, and return a list of these texts.
10552	- Asynchronously parses a user results page using BeautifulSoup
- Extracts name and join date from each user row
- Returns a list of dictionaries with user names and join dates
10553	Creates a tarball from a list of absolute file paths, optionally prefixing file names in the tarball.
10554	Applies a function to each file in a list of absolute file paths, moving them to a specified output directory.
10555	Copies a file from the global file store to the specified output directory
10556	Constructs a Spark Submit command with the given parameters. Ensures either memory or override parameters are set. Sets default values if override parameters are not provided. Combines default parameters, memory settings, and application arguments into a formatted command.
10557	Maps the notional Spark master address to the real one by adding a `--add-host` option to the `docker run` arguments if the self instance is different from the actual instance.
10558	The `refresh` method reloads data from the server and updates the object's metadata. It raises an error if the metadata retrieval fails.
10559	Calls MuTect variant analysis tool with specified input files and parameters, writes output to tarball and returns FileStoreID.
10560	Creates a device with optional public or private status and additional properties like nickname, description, and streams. Optionally sets the schema for streams as a JSON string.
10561	Returns a list of streams from the device's database.
10562	Exports device to a non-existent directory, writes device info to a JSON file, and exports each stream to a subdirectory.
10563	Searches vndb.org for a term based on the specified type and returns matching results. The method handles different search types, raises exceptions for invalid types or errors, and parses the search results using BeautifulSoup.
10564	This method, `parse_search`, dispatches parsing tasks based on the `stype` parameter. It uses conditional statements to determine which parsing function to call, such as `parse_vn_results`, `parse_release_results`, and others, depending on the value of `stype`.
10565	This method adds a stream to a query, allowing customization of the interpolator and specifying a column name. It supports merge queries and checks for existing column names.
10566	Invalidates current API key and generates a new one. Updates authentication to use the new key.
10567	Retrieve users from the database, parse the JSON response, and create a list of user objects.
10568	BWA index creation
- Uses BWA tool
- Input: reference genome FileStoreID
- Output: FileStoreIDs for index files
10569	Returns the ConnectorDB object for the logger, initializing it if necessary. Raises an error if unable to connect.
10570	Adds a stream to the logger, either by loading it from the database if no schema is specified or creating it with the given schema if one is provided. Raises an exception if the stream is not found and no schema is given.
10571	Adds a stream to the logger without checking the ConnectorDB database for existence.
10572	Inserts a datapoint into the logger for a given stream name, validates it against the stream's schema, and caches it in the database.
10573	Attempt to sync data with the ConnectorDB server. Logs sync start. Pings database. Locks sync process. Queries cache for datapoints. Removes older datapoints if newer ones exist. Inserts new datapoints in chunks. Deletes cached datapoints on successful insert. Updates last sync time. Calls onsync callback if defined. Handles sync failure with callback or re-raises exception.
10574	Starts the logger's background synchronization service. If the syncer is already running, it logs a warning and returns. Otherwise, it attempts a sync immediately and then sets up the synchronization thread.
10575	Stops the background synchronization thread and cancels it if it is running.
10576	Junction for downloading a URL using job parameters, saving to a local temporary directory, and then writing to a global file store.
10577	Copies a file from the global file store to a local temporary directory and uploads it to S3 using the `s3am_upload` function.
10578	Writes ontology labels to a file using click library
10579	Function tree outputs parent-child relations to a given file using click.echo, iterating over the hierarchy generated by get_hierarchy.
10580	Calculate mean insert size from BAM file using Samtools, filter out values outside 10k, default to 150 if no valid values.
10581	Obtains the container ID of the current Docker container by reading the `/proc/1/cgroup` file. If not in a container, raises a NotInsideContainerError.
10582	Aligns FASTQ files to a STAR index to produce BAM files, supporting optional sorting, wiggle output, and paired/single-end data.
10583	Creates a stream with an optional JSON schema and other properties. Converts schema to a string if it's a dictionary, validates the schema, and stores the metadata in the database.
10584	Exports a stream to a specified directory, creating necessary files and sorting data for consistency.
10585	Splits the path into parts and returns a Device object using the first two parts.
10586	Returns an iterator over terms in an ontology.
10587	Iterates over parent-child relationships in an ontology using an OLS client, yielding tuples of parent and child terms.
10588	This method prepares and runs a pipeline. It takes the command name and description as parameters. It creates a wrapper, populates an argument parser, and extends it with configuration settings. It then prepares a configuration file and a working directory. If the working directory exists and the restart flag is not set, it raises an error. Otherwise, it creates the directory. It constructs a command to run the pipeline, extends it with additional arguments, and executes it. After execution, it changes the ownership of the output files and cleans up the temporary directory if specified.
10589	Sets up an ArgumentParser with options from a configuration dictionary, using optional prefixes, and handles nested dictionaries by recursively populating sub-arguments.
10590	Reads and returns the contents of a config file. The file is generated, read, and then deleted.
10591	Retrieves the mount path of the current Docker container, ensuring Docker is running correctly with necessary volume mounts. Raises errors if Docker daemon is unreachable or if incorrect volume mounts are provided. Caches the result for repeated calls.
10592	Add an argument to an argparse parser with the given name and optional additional arguments.
10593	Creates and returns an ArgumentParser object initialized with 'no clean', 'cores', and 'restart' arguments.
10594	Constructs a pipeline command by combining the tool name, "run" subcommand, jobStore path, configuration path, working directory, retry count, and optional restart flag based on the input arguments.
10595	setauth sets the authentication for the session using either basic auth or an API key, updating the session and websocket auth accordingly.
10596	Handles HTTP errors by raising appropriate exceptions based on the response status code. Raises `AuthenticationError` for 4xx errors and `ServerError` for other non-2xx errors.
10597	Pings the server with current credentials, retrieves the response, and returns the device path.
10598	Send a POST request to the specified path with JSON-encoded data and handle the response.
10599	Sends an update request to a specified path in a CRUD API using the given data, which is converted to JSON. Returns the handler result of the request.
10600	Send a delete request to the specified path of the CRUD API attempting to delete the object.
10601	Subscribe to a stream with a callback and optional transformation.
10602	```python
def create(self, email, password, role="user", public=True, **kwargs):
    """Creates a user using the provided email and password, with optionalkwargs.
    """
10603	Returns devices belonging to the user by reading from the database and processing the result.
10604	Adapter trimming for RNA-seq data using CutAdapt. Accepts input FileStoreIDs for paired-end or single-end reads, along with adapter sequences. Returns the FileStoreIDs of the trimmed reads.
10605	Create reference index file using SAMtools
10606	Calls SAMtools index to create a BAM index file
10607	Marks BAM reads as PCR duplicates using Sambamba in a Docker container.
10608	def run_samblaster(job, sam): Marks reads as PCR duplicates using SAMBLASTER
10609	Runs Picard MarkDuplicates on a BAM file, sorts it, removes duplicates, and returns the new BAM and BAI files.
10610	Sorts a BAM file using Picard SortSam, optionally sorting by read name.
10611	Input:  
- **purpose:** Generate Base Quality Score Recalibration (BQSR) table for GATK  
- **parameters:** BAM, reference genome, dbsnp, mills VCF, optional unsafe mode  
- **output:** FileStoreID for recalibration table file  

Output: Calculates BQSR table using GATK's BaseRecalibrator tool.
10612	Perform RNA quantification using Kallisto, handling single-end and paired-end data.
10613	def run_rsem(job, bam_id, rsem_ref_url, paired=True):
    Downloads RSEM reference, extracts it, and performs RNA quantification using RSEM on a given BAM file. Returns FileStoreIDs for gene and isoform results.
10614	Prepare test set for C++ SAR prediction code. Find all items test users have seen in the past. Join train data with user list, distribute by user, and sort by user and item.
10615	### Send command via websocket
- Acquire lock on `ws_sendlock`
- Send JSON-encoded command using `self.ws.send()`
10616	Sets up subscription to a stream with a callback and optional transform. Connects if not already connected. Logs subscription and sends subscription command. Adds subscription to dictionary with lock.
10617	Attempts to connect to a websocket. Returns True if successful, False otherwise.
10618	Attempts to reconnect to the server after a connection is lost by resetting the reconnect time and using randomness to avoid overwhelming the server.
10619	Sends a subscribe command for all existing subscriptions to resume a closed connection.
10620	Logging debug message for websocket opening. Decreasing reconnect time, updating status to connected, recording connection time, ensuring ping, and releasing connection lock.
10621	```plaintext
Defines behavior when a websocket is closed. Logs the close event, cancels the ping timer, records the disconnected time, and attempts reconnection if appropos.
```
10622	Logs connection error and updates status and lock if status is connecting.
10623	This method handles incoming WebSocket messages, processes them, and optionally reinserts the data if certain conditions are met. It checks if a subscription exists for the message stream, invokes the associated subscription function, and handles acknowledgments for downlink messages.
10624	Records ping timestamps. Reconnects if ping timeout occurs.
10625	Isolates a specific variant type from a VCF file using GATK SelectVariants.
10626	Function filters VCF file using GATK VariantFiltration, fixes header issues, and returns filtered VCF file.
10627	Runs GATK VariantRecalibrator for either SNP or INDEL variant quality score recalibration, with parameters for resource files, annotations, and unsafe mode. Returns FileStoreIDs for recalibration table, tranche file, and plots file.
10628	Applies variant quality score recalibration to a VCF file using GATK ApplyRecalibration. Takes input VCF, recalibration table, and tranches file, along with reference genome files. Optionally allows running in unsafe mode. Returns the FileStoreID for the recalibrated VCF file.
10629	This method `gatk_combine_variants` merges multiple VCF files using GATK CombineVariants tool. It takes a job instance, a dictionary of VCF FileStoreIDs, reference genome files, and merge options as input. The method reads the VCF files into a temporary directory, constructs a command to run CombineVariants with specified parameters, and executes the command using Docker. It returns the FileStoreID for the merged VCF file.
10630	Runs `samtools quickcheck` inside a Docker container to validate a BAM file, returns True if valid, False if invalid or error.
10631	Loads and imports packet type and handler objects from a given mapping, handling wildcard and object cases.
10632	Writes JSON configuration to file at CONFIG_PATH, formatted with 2-space indentation and sorted keys.
10633	Reads config from JSON file or writes an empty one if it doesn't exist. Returns config as dictionary.
10634	Retrieves data for a given term from an ontology using its IRI. Constructs a URL, sends a GET request, and returns the JSON response.
10635	```python
def search(self, name, query_fields=None):
    """Searches the OLS with the given term.

    :param str name: The search term.
    :param list[str] query_fields: Optional fields to query.
    :return: dict
    """
    params = {'q': name}
    if query_fields is not None:
        params['queryFields'] = ','.join(query_fields)
    response = requests.get(self.ontology_search, params=params)
    return response.json()
```
10636	Definitely. Here is a concise summary of the provided code:

```python
def suggest(self, name, ontology=None):
    """Suggest terms from an optional list of ontologies.
    
    :param str name: Query term.
    :param list[str] ontology: Optional list of ontologies.
    :rtype: dict
    """
    params = {'q': name}
    if ontology:
        params['ontology'] = ','.join(ontology)
    response = requests.get(self.ontology_suggest, params=params)
    return response.json()
```

This method sends a GET request to suggest terms based on a query and an optional list of ontologies, returning the response as a JSON dictionary.
10637	Iterates over the descendants of a given term in an ontology, yielding each term in a paginated manner with optional sleep intervals between pages.
10638	Iterates over the labels of the descendants of a specified term in an ontology.
10639	Iterates over the labels of terms in an ontology, yielding them one by one, with optional pagination and delay between pages. Automatically handles pager wrapping from the OLS.
10640	This method `iter_hierarchy` iterates over terms in the specified ontology, retrieves their children using links, and yields parent-child relationships as tuples. It optionally limits the number of terms per page and adds a sleep delay between requests.
10641	Run FastQC on input reads and return the FileStoreID of the output tarball.
10642	Adds a stream to a query with optional parameters.
10643	Initializes Flask app, loads configurations, registers blueprints, sets up authentication, and configures migrations and admin interface.
10644	Starts Spark and HDFS master containers, sets hostname, logs start messages, and returns hostname.
10645	Starts Spark and HDFS worker containers. Waits for HDFS to initialize before returning.
10646	Launches a Hadoop datanode using Docker, sets the container ID, and configures network and volume settings.
10647	Stops Spark and HDFS worker containers by executing Docker commands to remove directories, stop, and remove the containers, and logs the status of each stopped component.
10648	Checks container status for Spark worker and HDFS datanode.
10649	Generates a token stream from text, handling both file and StringIO inputs. ignores non-XML comments. processes lines token by token, yielding text, tokens, and newlines.
10650	def lookup_zone(conn, zone):
  Fetch hosted zones via conn.get_all_hosted_zones().
  Compare zone name to each zone in response.
  Return zone ID if match found.
  Raise ZoneNotFoundError if no match.
10651	Fetches all Route 53 config pieces from Amazon using a hosted zone id and connection. Continues fetching until no more pieces are available. Returns a list of ElementTrees, each representing a config piece.
10652	Merges multiple Route 53 config XML chunks into a single canonical XML element.
10653	Validate a changeset for compliance with Amazon's API specification, checking for the presence and limits of <Change>, ResourceRecord, and <Value> elements.
10654	Orders members by fitness score from highest to lowest
10655	Calculates average fitness score of population members, either sequentially or in parallel, or returns None if no members exist
10656	Calculates average cost function value for all members.
10657	Returns the median cost function return value for all members in the object. If the object has no members, it returns None. If the number of processes is greater than 1, it uses multiprocessing to get the cost function return values of all members. Otherwise, it directly uses the members' cost function return values.
10658	Calculates average member parameter values. Checks if members list is empty. If not, retrieves parameter values from each member. Returns a dictionary with parameter names and their average values. If no members, returns None.
10659	Returns a list of Member objects from the population, either directly or by retrieving them from a process pool if more than one process is used.
10660	Adds a parameter to the Population with a name, minimum value, and maximum value.
10661	Method generates the next generation of population members by:
- Selecting parents from current members with probability proportional to their rank.
- Choosing parameters from parents randomly, with the option to mutate them.
- Utilizing multiprocessing for faster computation if enabled.
- Determining the best member in the new generation.
10662	Return config dict with normalized keys to prefer long opts syntax.
10663	Returns a generator with all environment variables that have the prefix "PIP_". The keys are returned without the prefix, in lowercase, and paired with their values.
10664	Tests if a callable raises one of the specified exceptions.
10665	Transforms a list of version hits into a list of packages with their versions, summaries, and scores, sorted by score in descending order.
10666	Converts the result back into the input type, handling bytes and unicode specifically.
10667	Convert an HTML tree to XHTML by changing all tag names to include the XHTML namespace prefix.
10668	Remove XHTML namespace from tags in an HTML tree
10669	Converts an HTML document to a string representation. Supports HTML, XML, and plain text output methods. Can include or exclude meta content-type tags. Allows specifying the output encoding and inserting a doctype declaration.
10670	Open the HTML document in a web browser by saving it to a temporary file and printing the URL.
10671	Removes an element from the tree, its children, and text, joining the tail text to the previous element or parent.
10672	Removes a tag from an element, merging its text and children into its parent.
10673	Get element by ID using XPath, return default if none found.
10674	Run a CSS expression on an element and its children, returning a list of results. Uses lxml.cssselect for the actual selection.
10675	generates a generator of tuples for each logger handler's members
10676	Returns a dictionary with test counts from environment variables.
10677	Returns True if either tests within a single class are being run or if only a single class/module is being run.
10678	Checks if a single module is being run. Returns True if only one module is present, otherwise checks if a single class is present.
10679	Ensure 'params' key exists in request and its value is a list or dict.
10680	Validate 'id' in request is a string, integer, or None; else raise error.
10681	Decode path using filesystem encoding or utf-8; return NONE if both fail.
10682	Iterates over an iterable, escaping string values using a provided escape function if they are marked as HTML-safe or are plain strings. Returns the modified object.
10683	function to convert encoding to python codec name, otherwise return None
10684	Detects BOM at start of stream, returns encoding if found, otherwise returns None.
10685	The `get_remote_addr` method selects the IP address from a list provided in the `X-Forwarded-For` header. It chooses the IP that corresponds to the number of proxy servers specified by `num_proxies`. If `num_proxies` is not provided or is zero, it returns the last IP in the list. If the list contains fewer IPs than `num_proxies`, no selection is made. The method was added in version 0.8.
10686	Converts values of various types to Decimal.
10687	Parse HTML string into Element tree using BeautifulSoup; return root `<html>` Element.
10688	Parse a file into an ElemenTree using BeautifulSoup. Allow for custom parsers and element factories using keyword arguments.
10689	Converts a BeautifulSoup tree to a list of Element trees. Uses a custom `makeelement` function if provided, defaulting to HTML's makeelement. Returns a list of root elements instead of a single root.
10690	Get the current exception info as `Traceback` object, optionally ignoring system exceptions and filtering hidden frames.
10691	Generates a string representation of an exception by formatting the exception type and value using traceback.format_exception_only, strips any leading/trailing whitespace, and decodes from UTF-8 in Python 2, otherwise returns the string as is.
10692	Renders a traceback summary with an optional title based on whether the traceback is for a syntax error or not. The summary includes a list of frames and a description of the exception or syntax error.
10693	Generates a generator for a plaintext traceback, yielding the traceback and each frame's file, line, and function, followed by the exception message.
10694	Helper function that returns lines with extra information, including marking function definition, in-frame lines, and the current line.
10695	```python
def render_source(self):
    """Render the source code."""
    return SOURCE_TABLE_HTML % ('\n'.join(line.render() for line in self.get_annotated_lines()))
```
10696	Parses a string into its version component, optionally matching a specified package name. If the string format is incorrect or the name does not match the search term, returns None.
10697	Returns list of locations for a given project name by checking the main index URL.
10698	def _find_all_versions(self, project_name):
    """Find all available versions for project_name by checking index URLs, find_links, and dependency_links. Returns all versions found, prioritizing local files over external sources and secure external sources."""
10699	Find the best InstallationCandidate for a given requirement, considering installed versions if allowed. Filter by version specifier, sort, and return the newest available version unless upgrading is explicitly requested or the current version is the best. Handle cases where no suitable version is found by raising appropriate exceptions and logging warnings.
10700	Sorts links by removing duplicates, placing non-egg links before egg links.
10701	Fetches the Content-Type of a URL using a HEAD request.
10702	This method yields all links found on a web page, cleaning and normalizing their URLs. It distinguishes internal links if the API version is 2 or higher.
10703	Determines if a link can be verified based on its source trustworthiness and whether it has a hash or is under a certain API version.
10704	Collects data files for a package in a source directory by matching patterns and excluding unnecessary files.
10705	- Filters out files based on exclusion patterns for a package.
- Constructs a list of filenames to exclude.
- Removes excluded files and duplicates from the input list.
- Returns the filtered list of unique filenames.
10706	Parse a requirements file and yield InstallRequirement instances while processing each line, handling session, options, and cache.
10707	Joins lines ending with '\' with the previous line.
10708	Skips empty lines and lines containing comments from an iterable.
10709	Compile a marker into a function that evaluates it in a given environment, caching the result for future use.
10710	Ensure statement contains only allowed nodes, raise SyntaxError if not.
10711	Flattens one level of attribute access by combining the value and attribute into a new ast.Name node, preserving the location of the original node.
10712	Returns value as float or int if possible, else original value.
10713	A decorator that copies the current request context and retains it for the decorated function, useful in scenarios involving greenlets.
10714	Binds app context to current context. Increments reference count, pushes onto stack, and sends appcontext_pushed signal.
10715	Decrements the reference count and tears down the app context if no longer needed, handling exceptions and signaling the context has been popped.
10716	Clones the request context with the same request object, useful for moving to different greenlets.
10717	Overrideable method for handling request matching. Attempts to match the request URL, storing the matched rule and view arguments. Catches HTTP exceptions and stores them if matching fails.
10718	creates a request context by binding it to the current context, ensuring an application context exists, pushing the request context while dealing with potential exceptions and sessions.
10719	Make a filename relative to another directory, normalizing paths and removing common prefixes.
10720	Is distribution editable?
10721	Registers a function as a URL value preprocessor for the blueprint. It's called before the view functions and can modify the URL values.
10722	Registers a URL default function for the blueprint, updating the app's URL default functions dictionary.
10723	Registers an error handler for a blueprint, handling special cases for 404 and 500 errors. Similar to Flask's `errorhandler` decorator but scoped to the blueprint.
10724	stream_with_context: keeps request context alive during streamed response
10725	Creates a response object from the given arguments, allowing additional headers to be added.
10726	Generates a URL for a given endpoint and values, handling query arguments, blueprint shortcuts, and external requests.
10727	Safely joins a `directory` and `filename`, raising an exception if the resulting path falls outside the `directory`. Filters out absolute paths and relative paths that navigate upwards.
10728	get_root_path retrieves the root directory path of a module or package by first attempting to use the module's __file__ attribute, then checking the loader, and finally falling back to the current working directory for unloaded or interactive sessions.
10729	If `template_folder` is not `None`, return `FileSystemLoader` for the path combination of `root_path` and `template_folder`.
10730	Prints the completion code of the given shell. If the specified shell is valid, it prints the completion script; otherwise, it errors out with a list of valid shells.
10731	Determines the cookie domain for a session cookie, either from a config setting or inferred from the server name, with adjustments for specific cases like localhost and subpaths.
10732	Return a directory to store cached wheels in for link, using a hashed key based on the link's URL and hash.
10733	Check if the extracted wheel in a given directory should be placed in the purelib directory. Iterate over items in the directory, look for a match with the wheel name, and check the WHEEL file for the "root-is-purelib: true" flag.
10734	```Summary:
The function uninstallation_paths yields all uninstallation paths for a distribution based on the RECORD file. It iterates through the RECORD file, yielding each file path found. For each Python file encountered, it also yields the corresponding .pyc file path. The FakeFile class from pip.utils is used to read the RECORD file.``
The function `uninstallation_paths` yields all uninstallation paths for a distribution based on the RECORD file. It iterates through the RECORD file, yielding each file path. For Python files, it also yields their corresponding .pyc paths. Uses `FakeFile` to read RECORD.
10735	Checks wheel version compatibility; raises error for major incompatibility and warns for minor incompatibility.
10736	Create a temporary directory, build a wheel if successful, move it to the specified output directory, log the stored location, and return the wheel file path or None if the build or move fails. Clean up the temporary directory in the end.
10737	def iter_symbols(code): Yield names and strings used by code and its nested code objects
10738	Decorator ensures backend rates are refreshed if older than 5 minutes.
10739	Adds egg-info files to the manifest for an external egg-base, searching the directory for files if the egg-base is outside the current working directory. Prefixes relative paths with cmd.egg_base before adding them to the manifest.
10740	Write a delete marker file for pip in the specified directory.
10741	Check if running in a virtualenv by verifying if `sys.real_prefix` or `sys.prefix` is different from `sys.base_prefix`.
10742	Returns the effective username of the current process. For Windows, uses getpass.getuser(). Otherwise, uses pwd to get the username associated with the effective user ID.
10743	Return a distutils install scheme based on distribution name and user/home/root settings.
10744	Parse cache control headers and return dictionary with directives as keys and values.
10745	Returns cached response if it exists and is fresh, otherwise returns False.
10746	This method caches HTTP responses based on conditions such as response status, cache-control headers, and existence of an ETag. It deletes cached responses if the 'no-store' directive is present, serializes responses with etags or dates, and adds 301 redirects to the cache. The caching logic prioritizes headers like max-age and expires to determine the validity of cached responses.
10747	Update zipimporter cache data for a given normalized path, processing sub-path entries as well. If an updater is provided, it modifies and possibly replaces cache entries; if not, entries are removed.
10748	Loads a template script from a package, optionally appending "(dev)" to the name if the dev_path is provided, then decodes it from UTF-8 bytes to a string.
10749	Ensure a site.py file is installed in the target directory. If present, check if it was generated by setuptools. If not, replace it with a new one from a resource.
10750	Write changed .pth file back to disk if dirty, handle linking, and reset dirty flag.
10751	Converts values to an appropriate type, replacing dicts, lists, and tuples with their converting alternatives, and converting strings with a specific format using configured converters
10752	Iterates over a list of filter names, attempting to add each filter to a given filterer using the configuration. Raises an error if a filter cannot be added.
10753	The `configure_handler` method configures a logging handler based on a configuration dictionary. It processes formatter, level, and filters settings. The method resolves the handler class and sets its properties, handling exceptions and special cases like referencing other handlers or customizing SMTP and SysLog configurations.
10754	Add specified handlers to a logger.
10755	This method configures common settings for a logger, setting its level and handling its handlers and filters based on the provided configuration. If incremental is False, it removes existing handlers before applying new ones.
10756	Executes a Python script from a file in a given environment.
10757	Monkey-patch tempfile.tempdir and ensure it exists, restoring the original after the operation
10758	Modifies URLs to ensure they have an SSH scheme for parsing, then removes the scheme before returning.
10759	Retrieve an item or attribute from an object, preferring the item. If an error occurs, attempt to retrieve the attribute as a string. If that fails, call the `undefined` method with the object and argument.
10760	Generates code by calling the `generate` function with the provided parameters.
10761	Compile templates into a zipfile or directory.
10762	Determine the default cache location using the PYTHON_EGG_CACHE environment variable, or fall back to a platform-specific default (Windows: "Application Data\Python-Eggs", others: "~/.python-eggs").
10763	The function `find_eggs_in_zip` recursively searches for eggs within zip files, including nested eggs, and yields the found distributions. It checks if the importer's archive is a wheel (which does not support eggs) and skips processing. If a PKG-INFO metadata file is present, it yields a Distribution object. If the `only` parameter is `True`, it stops at the first egg found and does not yield nested distributions. The function uses a zipimporter to open and search subitems within the zip files.
10764	This method returns distributions accessible on a given sys.path directory. It handles both directories and egg files, yielding the appropriate distribution metadata.
10765	Declare a package as a namespace package, ensuring its parent packages are also properly registered and handling path updates.
10766	Return the method resolution order (mro) of a class or create a temporary one if the input is not a type.
10767	Find an adapter factory for `ob` from `registry` by iterating over `ob`'s method resolution order (MRO).
10768	Create the parent directory of the given path if it does not already exist.
10769	Yields entry point objects from a specified group, optionally filtered by name.
10770	Checks if a distribution is acceptable based on Python version and platform compatibility. Returns true if the distribution's Python version matches the environment's Python version or if either is None, and if the distribution's platform is compatible with the environment's platform.
10771	Find the best matching distribution for a given requirement in a working set; if not found, return the newest suitable distribution or download/install one if an installer is provided.
10772	Evaluate a PEP 426 environment marker and return a boolean result in the current environment. Raise SyntaxError for invalid markers. Uses the 'parser' module on CPython < 2.6 and 'ast' on later versions.
10773	Evaluates a PEP 426 environment marker using markerlib, translates variables to Metadata 2.0, and returns a boolean result. Raises SyntaxError if the marker is invalid.
10774	Indents all log messages by the current indentation level
10775	def format_currency(number, currency, format=None, locale=LC_NUMERIC, currency_digits=True, format_type='standard', decimal_quantization=True):
    Formats a given number as a currency value according to the specified locale and currency format. If no format is provided, it uses the locale's default currency format type. The number of decimal digits can be overridden, and the function can bypass high-precision number quantization.
10776	This method `parse_pattern` parses number format patterns. It checks if the input is an instance of `NumberPattern` and returns it if true. If not, it splits the pattern into positive and negative parts if a semicolon is present. It extracts and validates the number, checks for significant digits, parses the precision of integer and fraction parts, handles exponent notation, and parses grouping. Finally, it returns a `NumberPattern` object with parsed components.
10777	Return minimal quantum of a number based on precision
10778	Returns the maximum precision of a decimal instance's fractional part, extracted from the fractional part only.
10779	Normalizes a value into scientific notation, shifts the exponent and value according to the rendering pattern, and returns the normalized value, exponent, and sign symbol.
10780	Converts a time delta to total seconds with compatibility for Python 2.6.
10781	def parse_requirements(strs): Parse requirements string(s) into Requirement objects. Handle continuations and lists.
10782	Ensure the `distutils` module is not already patched by another module and get the unpatched class.
10783	def check_requirements(dist, attr, value): Verifies that install_requires is a valid requirements list.
10784	Fetch an egg needed for building by using easy_install, setting options and dependencies, and ensuring finalization before returning easy_install command.
10785	Rolls n-sided dice, prints each result and total if more than one roll.
10786	Ensures string prices are converted to Price objects.
10787	Define a price field with default value 'USD 0.00' and converter using price_converter. Append a validator to ensure the instance of PriceClass.
10788	def validate(self, request):
    Try to validate the JSON-RPC request by checking its version, method, parameters, and ID. If any validation fails, raise an error and call invalid_request with the error message.
10789	Retrieve a service method from the application, returning it if found, or calling method_not_found if not.
10790	Calls a method with arguments from a dictionary, handling exceptions and returning the result.
10791	Deprecates accessing module information, advises using blueprints instead.
10792	Return the base name of the endpoint if the URL rule exists and includes a period.
10793	Monkeypatches Flask's request object to raise an error when accessing files without multipart form data.
10794	Creates an abstract distribution object based on the type of request. Returns an SDist object if the request is either editable or non-editable, or a Wheel object if the link is a wheel.
10795	Add a requirement to be installed, handling markers, user-site usage, and dependencies. Ensure no duplicates and track parent-child relationships.
10796	Process all pending requirements by calling a handler function, which may return additional requirements to add to the list. Avoid iterating while modifying the list.
10797	Determines whether a package should be skipped based on user options, installed status, and version compatibility. Returns a skip reason or None.
10798	Creates a topological installation order by recursively scheduling requirements, ensuring dependencies are installed before their requiring items.
10799	Returns sorted list of all package namespaces by iterating through them and adding all possible namespace prefixes to a set, then sorting the set.
10800	Convert model instances to dictionaries and QuerySets to JSON.
10801	Tokenize a document and add an annotation attribute to each token
10802	Merges annotations from `tokens_old` into `tokens_new` for overlapping tokens.
10803	Copy annotations from source tokens to destination tokens.
10804	Combine adjacent tokens if there's no HTML between them and they share an annotation.
10805	Serialize tokens into text chunks, applying a markup function with annotations, and preserving trailing whitespace and surrounding tags.
10806	Given a list of tokens, this generator function yields pre-tags, optionally the HTML content with trailing whitespace (if present and not hiding when equal), and post-tags.
10807	Continuing from the given code snippet:

1. Locate the last element in `unbalanced_end`.
2. Extract the tag name from the element.
3. If `pre_delete` is empty, break.
4. Process the last element in `pre_delete`.
5. If the element is a closing tag or starts with `</`, break.
6. Extract the tag name from the element.
7. If the tag name is `ins` or `del`, break.
8. If the tag names match, move the element from `pre_delete` to `post_delete` and remove it.
9. If the tag names don't match, break.
10808	fixup_chunks processes a list of chunks and generates a list of tokens. It handles different types of chunks (img, href, words, start/end tags) and accumulates pre_tags for tokens.
10809	Flattens an lxml element into text chunks, including tags, words, and hrefs. Strikes outermost tag if skip_tag is true.
10810	Splits text into words, preserving trailing whitespace.
10811	Generates the HTML start tag for an element, including its tag name and attributes with escaped values.
10812	Returns a string representing the end tag of HTML element `el`, including trailing whitespace if the element has a non-empty tail and the tail starts with a whitespace character.
10813	Serialize an lxml element as HTML, optionally skipping the outermost tag.
10814	The function `_fixup_ins_del_tags` processes an lxml document in-place, targeting `<ins>` and `<del>` tags. It iterates over these tags, checks if they contain block-level elements, and if so, moves the contents inside the nearest block-level tag before removing the original `<ins>` or `<del>` tag.
10815	Extracts the constant value of a symbol from Python code. Returns the value of the first assignment to the symbol, or the default value if not found.
10816	Constructs a URL for cache purposes by combining default query parameters with user-provided ones, and appending the result to a service domain.
10817	Converts URLs found in element text to links while avoiding specified elements and classes. Recursively processes child elements and updates the element's content and tail as needed.
10818	remove HTML comments that could be conditional
10819	Parses HTML into a string using a specified or default parser. Returns the root element of the parsed document.
10820	```python
@api_returns({
    200: 'Operation successful',
    403: 'User does not have permission',
    404: 'Resource not found',
})
def add(request, *args, **kwargs):
    if not request.user.is_superuser:
        return JsonResponseForbidden()  # 403

    return HttpResponse()  # 200
```
10821	def getTreeWalker(treeType, implementation=None, **kwargs): Returns a TreeWalker class for specified tree type, handling different implementations and caching results.
10822	Copies a SVN repository to a destination location, handling existing directories by removing them.
10823	Return the maximum revision for all files under a given location.
10824	Wraps a method to check if it was called after the first request in debug mode, raising an error if so, and updating the wrapper function's metadata.
10825	If the `import_name` is '__main__', it attempts to get the filename of the running script and returns the filename without the extension. Otherwise, it returns the `import_name`.
10826	Returns `PROPAGATE_EXCEPTIONS` config value, or default if not set.
10827	Tries to find the instance path by attempting to locate a folder named 'instance' next to the main file or package. If the folder is not found, it returns the path to a folder named 'instance' within the 'var' directory.
10828	Update the template context with variables from context processors, ensuring original values takes precedence.
10829	Handler for HTTP exceptions. Retrieves appropriate handler from error handler spec based on exception code. Returns unhandled exceptions unchanged.
10830	Checks if an HTTP exception should be trapped based on app configuration. Returns `True` if `TRAP_HTTP_EXCEPTIONS` is `True` or if `TRAP_BAD_REQUEST_ERRORS` is `True` and the exception is a `BadRequest`.
10831	Handles uncaught exceptions by logging them and using a 500 error handler if available, or displaying a default error message otherwise. In debug mode, it re-raises the exception immediately.
10832	Raising routing exception unless in debug mode for non-GET/HEAD/OPTIONS redirects, then raising FormDataRoutingRedirect.
10833	Dispatches request, handles pre and post processing, catches HTTP exceptions, and manages request/response lifecycle.
10834	This method generates the default OPTIONS response by retrieving allowed methods from the URL adapter. If the adapter does not support allowed_methods, it uses a fallback mechanism to determine the valid methods by attempting to match a non-existent method. It then updates the response's allow list with the valid methods.
10835	Creates a URL adapter for the given request, using the request environment and server name, or falling back to configuration settings if the request is not provided.
10836	```python
Injects URL defaults for the given endpoint into the values dictionary. Internally used and automatically called on URL building.
```
10837	Yield unique values from iterable while preserving order.
10838	Extract runtime requirements from pkg_info and place them into metadata.
10839	Compose version predicates for a requirement in PEP 345 format.
10840	Convert .egg-info directory with PKG-INFO to Metadata 1.3 format by replacing the version, handling requires.txt, conditionally adding extra dependencies, and dedenting the description.
10841	Adds the base directory to the `sys.path`, iterates over paths, attempts to import modules, and yields them. Handles exceptions by logging warnings and storing error information.
10842	The method finds and yields TestCase classes based on a partial class name. It filters classes by name using regular expressions and checks if they inherit from unittest.TestCase.
10843	Return test methods that match the self.method_name, considering method_prefix and method_regex.
10844	def _find_basename(self, name, basenames, is_prefix=False):
    Checks if name combined with test prefixes or postfixes is found in basenames. Returns the matching basename if found.
10845	Checks if a given path is a test module path by verifying if the base filename ends or starts with any specified prefix or postfix.
10846	The `walk` method is a generator that walks through all directories in the specified `basedir`, excluding hidden directories (those starting with a dot or an underscore) and optionally excluding directories specific to a system packages directory.
10847	yield paths to test modules recursively found in basedir
10848	Ensure default arguments for dump functions are set in `kwargs`. If `current_app` exists, use its JSON encoder and configuration settings for ASCII and sort keys. If `current_app` does not exist, set default values for sort keys and JSON encoder.
10849	def _load_arg_defaults(kwargs):
    """Set default JSON decoder for load functions."""
    kwargs.setdefault('cls', current_app.json_decoder if current_app else JSONDecoder)
10850	Sets multiple keys and values from a mapping with an optional timeout. Returns True if all keys are set successfully.
10851	Increments a key's value by a delta, initializing if not exists, and returns the new value or None on failure.
10852	Serializes an object into a string for Redis, converting integers to ASCII and pickling other types.
10853	Generates a dictionary of query string parameters from a given URL, raising an exception if a parameter is defined more than once. Returns None if no parameters are found.
10854	Ensure self.link is set by calling finder.find_requirement if it is None, optionally upgrading if specified.
10855	Ensure a source_dir is set by creating a temporary build dir if necessary, return the source_dir.
10856	Remove source files and build directories if marked for deletion, then set source_dir and _temp_build_dir to None.
10857	Returns a pkg_resources.Distribution using metadata from egg_info_path.
10858	def get_data(self, cache=True, as_text=False, parse_form_data=False):
    """Reads buffered incoming data into a bytestring. Caches by default, unless disabled. Converts to text if specified."""
    if parse_form_data:
        self._load_form_data()
    rv = self.stream.read()
    if cache:
        self._cached_data = rv
    if as_text:
        rv = rv.decode(self.charset, self.encoding_errors)
    return rv
10859	This method modifies WSGI headers before sending a response. It ensures the 'Location' header is an absolute URL, updates 'Content-Location', sets 'Content-Length' to zero for specific status codes, and automatically detects and sets 'Content-Length' if possible.
10860	Converts IRI (Internationalized Resource Identifier) to URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) using UTF-8 encoding. Handles unicode characters and URL components, such as netloc, path, query, and fragment. Option to perform a safe conversion if the result is already ASCII.
10861	```python
def user_cache_dir(appname):
    Determines the appropriate user cache directory for the application based on the operating system.
    
    - On Windows, returns C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local\<AppName>\Cache
    - On macOS, returns ~/Library/Caches/<AppName>
    - On Unix, returns ~/.cache/<AppName> (using XDG if set)
    
    Appends "Cache" to the base directory on Windows.
    
    Parameters:
    - appname: The name of the application
    
    Returns: Full path to the user-specific cache dir
```
10862	Returns the full path to the user-specific data directory for a given application, considering the operating system and whether the directory should be roaming on Windows.
10863	Returns the full path to the user-specific log directory for a given application, using the appropriate directory structure for the operating system.
10864	```python
def user_config_dir(appname, roaming=True):
    """Return user-specific config dir for an application, following platform-specific conventions for config paths."""
```
10865	Return a list of potential user-shared config directories for an application based on the operating system.
10866	Iterates over relevant Python files by checking loaded modules, their folders, and package paths. Skips non-existent and invalid files.
10867	Restart the Python interpreter with the same arguments, running the reloader thread, in a loop until an exit code other than 3 is received.
10868	Converts input to text, returns empty string if None and blank_if_none is True
10869	Returns existing CA bundle path, or None
10870	Parse a string or file-like object into an HTML tree using a specified treebuilder and encoding.
10871	Parses an HTML document from a stream into a well-formed tree. Optionally takes an encoding, uses chardet if encoding is not specified, and can parse metadata. Returns the parsed document tree.
10872	Parse HTML fragment into well-formed tree using specified container and encoding.
10873	Takes a word and returns a sorted list of probable matches with non-zero transmission values, sorted in descending order. Raises NoMatchError if no matches are found.
10874	Reads lines from a file, strips whitespace, splits each line into tokens, stores unique tokens in a set, and returns a list of lines and a list of tokens.
10875	Initialize and activate an HTTP server.
10876	def report(self):
    """Report startup info to stdout."""
    print(self.report_message.format(service=self.service, host=self.host, port=self.port))
    sys.stdout.flush()
10877	Reads bytecode from a file, checks for the magic header and source code checksum, and loads the code if valid.
10878	Return a copy of paramsDict updated with non-None kwargsDict entries, wrapped as stylesheet arguments.
10879	Run a VCS subcommand by prefixing it with the VCS name and using call_subprocess to execute it, handling errors like missing executable.
10880	Get the Python implementation version, preferring the `py_version_nodot` variable if available, or falling back to the major and minor version numbers.
10881	This function generates distribution objects for a given location and basename. It processes different extensions and formats to interpret and return the appropriate distribution objects.
10882	def find_external_links(url, page):
    Extracts and yields "homepage" and "download" links from the given HTML page and URL.
10883	### Summary:

Takes a URL, parses it to extract the path, checks if the path is a file or directory, and returns the content accordingly. For files, it opens the file and returns its contents. For directories, it generates an HTML listing of the files and directories. If the path does not exist, it returns a 404 error.
10884	def process_url(self, url, retrieve=False): Evaluate a URL and determine if it needs to be downloaded. Update scanned and fetched URLs and process URL schemes, distributions, and HTML content.
10885	Remove duplicate and convert relative paths to absolute in sys.path.
10886	Return a set of all existing directory entries from sys.path, ensuring each is in lowercase.
10887	Adds a new path to known_paths by combining sitedir and name, or executes sitedir if it starts with 'import'.
10888	Adds 'sitedir' to sys.path if missing and handles .pth files within.
10889	Check if user site directory is safe by verifying command line flag and ensuring process uid/gid match effective uid/gid. Returns None if unsafe, False if disabled by user, True if enabled.
10890	Adds user-specific site-packages directory to sys.path if enabled. Determines USER_BASE and USER_SITE based on operating system and environment variables, then adds directories to known_paths if they exist.
10891	Define built-in 'quit' and 'exit' as string-based exit hints.
10892	On Windows, replaces certain encodings starting with "cp" with "mbcs" for compatibility.
10893	def setencoding(): Set the default string encoding used by the Unicode implementation. Skips enabling locale-aware default encodings and string type coercion.
10894	Reorders sys.path to place global easy-install eggs after local site-packages, ensuring packages in the virtualenv take precedence.
10895	Fix the classpath in sys.path for Jython by separating and reordering entries, ensuring that special classpath entries follow base virtualenv lib directories.
10896	Non-blocking subprocess opening using Popen with stdout and stderr redirected to queues for non-blocking I/O operations.
10897	Function checks if Cython or Pyrex can be imported by attempting to import each implementation and returning True if successful.
10898	Converts `.pyx` source files to the target language's source file type if Cython is not available.
10899	```python
def debug_application(self, environ, start_response):
    """Run the application and handle any exceptions by collecting traceback frames."""
    app_iter = None
    try:
        app_iter = self.app(environ, start_response)
        for item in app_iter:
            yield item
        if hasattr(app_iter, 'close'):
            app_iter.close()
    except Exception:
        if hasattr(app_iter, 'close'):
            app_iter.close()
        traceback = get_current_traceback(skip=1, show_hidden_frames=self.show_hidden_frames, ignore_system_exceptions=True)
        for frame in traceback.frames:
            self.frames[frame.id] = frame
        self.tracebacks[traceback.id] = traceback

        start_response('500 INTERNAL SERVER ERROR', [('Content-Type', 'text/html; charset=utf-8'), ('X-XSS-Protection', '0')])
        try:
            yield traceback.render_full(evalex=self.evalex, secret=self.secret).encode('utf-8', 'replace')
        except Exception:
            environ['wsgi.errors'].write('Error occurred in streamed response headers.')
        traceback.log(environ['wsgi.errors'])
```
10900	Here's the summary of the `get_resource` method:

```
def get_resource(self, request, filename):
    """Return a static resource from a shared folder."""
    build_filename_path()
    check_file_exists()
    determine_mimetype()
    open_file()
    try:
        read_and_return_content_with_mimetype()
    finally:
        close_file()
    return_not_found_response()
```
10901	Constructs a user agent string by gathering and formatting system and Python environment information.
10902	def is_url(name): Checks if a name resembles a URL by verifying it contains a colon and has a known scheme.
10903	Copies or unpacks a file or directory from a URL to a specified location, with optional validation and download directory handling.
10904	```plaintext
Download HTTP URL into temp_dir using provided session, handle exceptions, and save file with appropriate filename.
```
10905	Check if a file with the same name as the link exists in the specified download directory. If it does, verify its hash. If the hash matches, return the file path; otherwise, remove the file and return None. If the file doesn't exist, return None.
10906	Format currency based on provided details.
10907	Handle exchange subdirectives by registering an exchange action with the given component, backend, and base currency.
10908	Decode data using a decompressor if enabled, handle errors, and flush the decoder if specified.
10909	Default template context processor injects `request`, `session`, and `g` into the template context.
10910	Renders a template with a context and sends a signal.
10911	Renders a template from the template folder with the given context. Supports rendering a single template or a list of templates, using the first one that exists. Updates the template context with provided variables and returns the rendered template.
10912	Renders a template string using the provided context.
10913	Tries to import `parse_version` from `pkg_resources`; if not available, imports `LooseVersion` as `parse_version` from `distutils.version`. Returns the imported function.
10914	Check if a name is declared in the current or an outer scope by verifying its presence in local, parameter, or global declarations.
10915	Visits variables in a code node and categorizes them as declared locally, parameters, or undeclared based on their context.
10916	Handles template includes, manages context and missing template errors, and iterates through the template events.
10917	Visit named imports, set up template, handle aliases, check for missing names, update context vars and exported vars accordingly.
10918	Creates a wheel file (.whl) from all files in the specified directory, placing .dist-info at the end of the archive.
10919	```plaintext
Decorator to apply a reentrant lock to a function, preventing concurrent execution.
```
10920	Create and start a server for an application using a specified provider class.
10921	URL encodes a bytestring or unicode string using the specified charset. Converts non-string inputs to unicode first. Uses `url_quote` for encoding.
10922	Filters wheels that match a given requirement.
10923	Adds InstallRequirement objects from command-line arguments, editable installs, and requirement files to a requirement set, logging a warning if no requirements are provided.
10924	Export the Bazaar repository to a specified location by unpacking it into a temporary directory, removing the target location if it exists, exporting the repository, and then cleaning up the temporary directory.
10925	Look up Amazon products using the ItemLookup API, handle errors, and return a list of AmazonProduct instances or a single instance based on the number of items found.
10926	Generator yielding lxml root elements from Amazon pages until no more pages are available.
10927	Retrieves the immediate ancestor browse node in the tree hierarchy. Returns the ancestor as an AmazonBrowseNode object, or None if no ancestor is found.
10928	Get the browse node's child elements and return a list of AmazonBrowseNode objects representing them.
10929	Safe get element navigates a path through an XML-like structure, returning the final element or None if any step fails.
10930	Get element text safely, returning None if not found.
10931	"""Get element as datetime.date or None from XML path safely."""
10932	Fetches price and currency based on sale, regular price, or lowest offer, returning a float price and ISO currency code or None.
10933	Vertical farm vertical farm
10934	If the request method is GET, check if it exists in the cache. If cached, return the cached response. If not cached, update headers for conditional requests. Delegate to the parent class to send the request and return the response.
10935	Responsible for building a response by making a request or using the cache. If not from cache and the request method is GET, applies expiration heuristics for 304 responses, caches 301 responses, and updates cache based on heuristics. Caches response when the stream is consumed. Invalidates cache if the request method is invalidating and response is OK. Sets 'from_cache' attribute on the response.
10936	Returns a callable that retrieves an attribute from an object using the rules of the given environment. Handles nested attributes using dots and integer indices.
10937	Titlecase a string by uppercasing the first letter of words and lowercasing the rest, while preserving existing uppercase letters.
10938	def do_sort(environment, value, reverse=False, case_sensitive=False, attribute=None): Sorts an iterable, with options to reverse the sort and control case sensitivity. Can sort by an attribute.
10939	Groups a sequence of objects by a common attribute, sorting and mapping them into a structured format.
10940	Applies a filter or looks up an attribute in a sequence of objects and yields the results.
10941	Creates a custom logger that adapts to the application's debug flag by changing the effective logging level and removing any existing handlers.
10942	Compares two strings constant time by length and characters. Returns True if equal, False otherwise. Uses bitwise operations to ensure time complexity is independent of matching characters.
10943	Verifies if the provided signature matches the computed signature for the given key and value using constant-time comparison.
10944	Method to derive a key using specified methods like concat, django-concat, hmac, or none.
10945	Returns the base64-encoded signature of the given value using a derived key.
10946	Signs a string by appending a separator and its signature.
10947	Verifies a signature using a derived key and a provided value, handling base64 decoding errors gracefully.
10948	Unsigns a signed value by removing the signature and verifying it. Returns the original value if valid, raises an error otherwise.
10949	Signs a string with a timestamp and signature.
10950	Checks if the signed value is valid by attempting to unsign it. Returns `True` if successful, `False` if a `BadSignature` exception is raised.
10951	This method serializes an object using an internal serializer and then signs it with a signer created from an optional salt. If the serializer outputs text, it decodes the result to a unicode string before returning it.
10952	def server_error(request_id, error):
    """Raises a JSON-RPC server error response.
    
    Constructs a JSON-RPC error response with the given request_id and error information, then raises a ServiceException.
    """
    response = {
        'jsonrpc': '2.0',
        'id': request_id,
        'error': {
            'code': -32000,
            'message': 'Server error',
            'data': repr(error),
        },
    }
    raise ServiceException(500, dumps(response))
10953	```find where='.', exclude=(), include=('*',) ``` Returns a list of all Python packages found within the specified directory, filtering out any excluded packages and including only the specified ones.
10954	Exclude packages without their parent from a list.
10955	Yield relative paths of all directories under base_path.
10956	Verify the Vary headers from a cached response match those in a new request and construct an HTTPResponse object if they do. Handle cases where the body is unpickle-compatible by encoding it to bytes.
10957	Remove RECORD.jws from a wheel zip file by truncating. Ensure RECORD.jws is at the end.
10958	Unpacks a wheel file to a specified destination directory, defaulting to the current directory.
10959	Regenerates console_scripts entry points for specified distributions using setuptools and wheel.
10960	Extracts xdot data from the graph, parses it, and arranges graph sub-elements accordingly by building the graph and redrawing the canvas.
10961	Parses Xdot attributes of graph components, adds them to a new canvas, and updates the view.
10962	Returns a node by ID, searching the main graph and its subgraphs; returns None if not found.
10963	Sets connection string for all edges based on the value of `new`. If `new` is true, connection string is "->"; otherwise, it is "--".
10964	Handles edge changes in a graph, ensuring nodes exist and initializing edge's nodes list.
10965	Updates the canvas by removing the old component and adding the new component.
10966	Here is a concise summary of the method:

```python
Handles left mouse double-clicks on the tool's component, opening a Traits UI view on the component's 'element' trait if the click is within the component. Sets the tool as active and then reverts to inactive after the view closes. Ensures the component requests a redraw after the action.
```
10967	Handles the diagram canvas being set. Logs the change, iterates through tools, and adds them to the canvas.
10968	Cleans the canvas by removing all components and creating a new canvas with similar attributes, then updates the viewport and triggers a redraw.
10969	Handles domain model changes by unmapping old model and mapping new model.
10970	Maps a domain model to a diagram, creating nodes and edges, and associating tools.
10971	for node_mapping in self.nodes: if hasattr(old, ct): old_elements = getattr(old, ct) for old_element in old_elements: old.on_trait_change(self.map_element, ct+"_items", remove=True)
10972	Handles mapping and unmapping elements to/from diagram components based on events.
10973	Styles a node by setting various attributes such as shape, size, color, and fill color using the provided dot_attrs, and returns the styled node.
10974	def parse_xdot_data(self, data):
    """ Parses xdot data using a parser and returns the associated components or an empty list if data is empty. """
10975	Sets the font using the size and style from tokens.
10976	Wraps ellipse parameters in `Ellipse` object, returns components.
10977	Extracts points from input tokens, creates a Polygon object, and returns it.
10978	Extracts coordinates from polygon points and creates a new Polyline object.
10979	Creates a Text component with specified properties from tokens.
10980	The `proc_image` method logs the components of an image and raises a `NotImplementedError`.
10981	def render_grid_file(context, f): 
    """Stream GridFS file as an endpoint response"""
    
    f.seek(0) 
    response = context.response 
    
    if __debug__:
        response.headers['Grid-ID'] = str(f._id) 
        log.debug("Serving GridFS file.", extra=dict(
            identifier = str(f._id),
            filename = f.filename,
            length = f.length,
            mimetype = f.content_type
        ))
    
    response.conditional_response = True
    response.accept_ranges = 'bytes' 
    response.content_type = f.content_type 
    response.content_length = f.length 
    response.content_md5 = response.etag = f.md5 
    response.last_modified = f.metadata.get('modified', None) 
    response.content_disposition = 'attachment; filename=' + f.name 
    
    if context.request.if_range.match_response(response):
        response.body_file = f  
    else:
        response.app_iter = iter(f)  
    
    return True
10982	The `save` method opens a file in write-binary mode using the path stored in `self.dot_file.absolute_path`, saves an object to the file using the `save_dot` method, and ensures the file is closed properly.
10983	Load the file, parse its content, ensure the file descriptor is closed, and return the parsed object.
10984	Tests if a point is within an ellipse by checking if the point satisfies the ellipse equation.
10985	Draws the component's bounding rectangle for testing purposes
10986	Create a wizard to perform an action and open it, setting the `finished` attribute if opened successfully.
10987	Constructs the SQLAlchemy engine and session factory, tests the connection, and assigns the engine to the database alias.
10988	- Creates a `GodotDataParser` instance to parse `dot_code`
- Parses `dot_code` into a graph structure
- If parsing successful, updates `self.model` with the parsed graph
10989	Checks if a model is initialized and prompts the user to replace it if confirmed.
10990	def handle_open(self, info):
    """Opens a file dialog and loads the selected file into the model. Saves the file path."""
    if not info.initialized: return
    dlg = FileDialog(action="open", wildcard="Graphviz Files (*.dot, *.xdot, *.txt)|*.dot;*.xdot;*.txt|Dot Files (*.dot)|*.dot|All Files (*.*)|*.*")
    if dlg.open() == OK:
        parser = GodotDataParser()
        model = parser.parse_dot_file(dlg.path)
        if model:
            self.model = model
        else:
            print "error parsing: %s" % dlg.path
        self.save_file = dlg.path
    del dlg
10991	Saves the model to a file. If the file doesn't exist, calls `save_as`. Otherwise, opens the file in binary write mode, writes the model's dot code, and ensures the file is closed properly.
10992	Saves model to file. Returns if not initialized. Opens save dialog, writes model's dot code to selected file, handles errors, and closes dialog.
10993	This method `configure_graph` adjusts graph display traits when initially configured.
10994	The `configure_nodes` method updates the UI for node editing if the `info` object indicates that the UI is initialized. It calls `edit_traits` on the model with specified parameters, including the parent control, editing mode, and view.
10995	If the `info` object is initialized, this method configures the edges editor by using the model's `edit_traits` function to display it within the parent UI control, enabling live updates, and applying the `edges_view`.
10996	Handles displaying a view about Godot if initialized.
10997	Adds a node to the graph if the `info` is initialized. Requests the graph, checks if it exists, and then adds the node. Edits the node traits and removes it if the operation is cancelled.
10998	Adds an edge between nodes in a graph, creating nodes if necessary.
10999	Adds a Subgraph to the main graph if info is initialized, requests the graph, creates a Subgraph, edits its traits, and appends it if the edit is successful.
11000	Adds a cluster to the main graph if the info object is initialized.
11001	def _request_graph(self, parent=None):
    """ Displays a graph selection dialog if multiple graphs exist, otherwise returns the selected graph or model. """
11002	Displays the options menu if initialized
11003	If the info object is not initialized, the method returns. Otherwise, it sets the dot_code attribute to the string representation of the model and opens a live modal editor with the "dot_code_view" view.
11004	Handles the user's exit attempt in Godot, prompting with a confirmation dialog if enabled. If confirmed, proceeds to close.
11005	Move components so their bottom-left corner is at the origin. Adjust positions based on type: Ellipse uses width/height, Polygon and BSpline adjust points to origin, Text sets to (0,0).
11006	Save an object to a file-like object in a specified format
11007	This method loads an object from a given file-like object using a specified format. If the format is not provided, it uses the default format of the object. If the specified format is not recognized, it raises a ValueError.
11008	Saves an object to a file with a given filename, determining the format from the file extension if not specified.
11009	Class method `load_from_file` loads an object from a file, determining the format from the filename if not specified, and returns an instance of the class with the filename attribute set.
11010	Accepts a trait name and arbitrary metadata, returning a Property object that creates lambda functions for getting and setting the trait.
11011	Generates words from a file line by line.
11012	Caches and returns a list of sentence-starting keys from content, filtering out common sentence-ending punctuation.
11013	Adds a new MarkovChain to the chains dictionary if it doesn't already exist, otherwise raises a ValueError.
11014	Removes a chain from the current shelve file by name. Raises an error if the chain is not found.
11015	Builds a Markov chain from a source iterable, extending an existing chain. Iterates through groups of elements, updates the chain's content with transition frequencies, and cleans the cache.
11016	Function generates a sentence using a MarkovChain, starting with a random word from its startwords list and continuing until it reaches a sentence-ending punctuation mark. Uses weighted choice to ensure common words are more likely.
11017	Creates a temporary file, saves the graph to it, processes the file using a Graphviz layout program, and returns the processed output as a string.
11018	Adds a node to the graph, either by ID or directly as a Node. If ID doesn't exist, creates a new node (using default node if available) and adds it to the graph. Updates node attributes with provided keyword arguments and returns the node.
11019	Deletes a node from the graph by either a Node object or a node ID. If the node is not found, raises a ValueError.
11020	Find node by ID
11021	Deletes an edge from the graph between two nodes. Returns the deleted edge or None.
11022	Adds an edge between two nodes in the graph, creating nodes if necessary, respecting graph traits for direction and strictness.
11023	Adds a subgraph or cluster to the graph and appends it to the appropriate list.
11024	Updates the graph visualization program and checks if the specified executable exists and is a file.
11025	Sets each edge's node list to the current graph's nodes.
11026	def parse_dot_file(filename): Parses a DOT file using GodotDataParser and returns a Godot graph.
11027	Reads input data from a file or file object, and parses it to return a graph.
11028	Parse input tokens to extract graph details (strict, type, directed, name) and build a Graph instance accordingly.
11029	Builds a Godot graph by processing a list of commands to add nodes, edges, subgraphs, and set attributes.
11030	Selects the appropriate time units and multiplier for display based on the given duration in seconds.
11031	Converts a duration in seconds to a string using the most appropriate time unit (seconds, minutes, hours, or days).
11032	Handle file path change by updating name and loading graph.
11033	Creates a UI for an editor using the toolkit-specific control. Loads the graph data, sets up a view with a graph editor, and returns the UI.
11034	Split sequence into pieces of length n, discarding extra elements if length isn't multiple of n.
11035	Generate sliding windows of specified length and overlap from an iterable, optionally padding the last window if necessary.
11036	Creates and runs a GodotApplication with specified plugins.
11037	Def retrieves object's children, combining subgraphs, clusters, nodes, and edges into a list.
11038	Appends a child to an object's children based on its type.
11039	Inserts a child into the object's children at the specified index, based on the type of the child.
11040	Deletes a child of a specified type from the object's children at a given index.
11041	Sets up or removes a listener for child trait changes on a specified object.
11042	Sets up or removes a listener for changes to specific items ("subgraphs_items", "clusters_items", "nodes_items", "edges_items") on a specified object, using the "fast_ui" dispatch.
11043	Gets label for an object, processes if starts with '=' or uses a formatter.
11044	Sets the label for a specified object by assigning a value to an attribute named after the label, provided the label does not start with '='.
11045	Sets up or removes a label change listener on a specified object.
11046	Initializes the editor by creating a toolkit widget and setting the control.
11047	Updates the editor by graphing new object attributes, adding nodes and edges, and adding listeners when the object trait changes externally.
11048	Adds event listeners for a specified object's traits when the graph canvas is set. Registers handlers for node and edge changes. Raises ValueError if canvas is not set.
11049	Updates nodes by deleting old ones and adding new ones.
11050	Handles node additions and deletions based on event data.
11051	For each feature in 'features', this method adds a corresponding node to the graph if a matching node type is found in the editor factory. It then arranges all nodes in the graph.
11052	Replaces edges by first deleting the old ones and then adding the new ones.
11053	Handles addition and removal of edges by calling `_delete_edges` with removed edges and `_add_edges` with added edges.
11054	Adds edges to the graph based on 'features' using GraphEdges.
11055	Handles parsing Xdot drawing directives and repositions components relative to the container.
11056	Handles updating the position of drawing components based on relative changes. Calculates new positions relative to the graph origin, updates positions, and manages component redraws.
11057	Create nodes with unique IDs. If the "__table_editor__" keyword argument is provided, generate a unique ID based on existing nodes in the graph. Otherwise, use a randomly generated, six-character hexadecimal string.
11058	Given arguments, create unique IDs for new edges and return a new edge. If no arguments provided, return None.
11059	Attach default database to context using MongoEngineProxy.
11060	Parses the drawing directive, updates node components, and constructs a container with the parsed components.
11061	Parses label drawing directive, updates components, calculates origin, adjusts positioning, creates container with red background, adds components, and sets as label_drawing.
11062	Handlers container of drawing components changing. Updates component with new drawing if provided, removes old drawing if present. Adjusts component's position and requests a redraw.
11063	Updates the position of the component by centering it on the new coordinates.
11064	Updates component position based on new value, centers within bounds, and requests redraw.
11065	Handles right mouse button click in 'normal' state. Opens context menu with menu items from parent component's tools that implement MenuItemTool interface.
11066	Outputs available styles and customizable CSS for a given style using `click` and `pygments`.
11067	Draws a closed polygon using the points in self.points, setting fill and stroke colors, line width, and drawing either the interior or outline of the polygon based on the filled attribute.
11068	Test if a point is within a polygonal region using the winding rule.
11069	Draws a Bezier component using the given graphics context (gc). Checks if points exist, saves the current state, sets fill and stroke colors, and line width. Begins a path, moves to the first point, and for each set of three subsequent points, adds a curve to the path. Ends the path and restores the previous state.
11070	Broadcasts an event to registered database connections.
11071	Method that continuously processes items from the in_queue, applies a function to each item, and stores the results in the out_queue until instructed to stop.
11072	Constructs and returns the full URL for a given page number, optionally with a specified URL scheme.
11073	Generates prev/next links for template injection.
11074	Render the rel=canonical, rel=prev, and rel=next links as a Markup object for template injection. If total pages is 1, also include the canonical link.
11075	def _content_type_matches(candidate, pattern):
    """Check if ``candidate`` matches ``pattern`` exactly or by wildcard."""
    def _wildcard_compare(type_spec, type_pattern):
        """Compare types with wildcard support."""
        return type_pattern == '*' or type_spec == type_pattern

    # Compare content type and subtype using wildcard Compare
    return (_wildcard_compare(candidate.content_type, pattern.content_type) and
            _wildcard_compare(candidate.content_subtype, pattern.content_subtype))
11076	This method selects the best content type from a list of available types based on a list of user-preferred types. It uses a sorting mechanism to prioritize matches by specificity, considering factors like quality and parameter matches.
11077	### Summary:

Rewrite a URL by modifying its components (scheme, host, path, query, fragment) based on keyword arguments. Handles IDN encoding, query encoding, and port validation.
11078	Splits the input URL into components, extracts the authentication details (username and password), removes them from the URL, and returns a tuple containing the authentication details and the sanitized URL.
11079	Generate URL user+password portion by quoting user and password if not None.
11080	Normalize a URL host by encoding it with IDNA if enabled, otherwise percent-encode it. Raise an error if the host is too long.
11081	Searches a directory and returns a list of module names with an __init__.py file.
11082	Searches a directory tree for Python modules by looking for `__init__.py` files and lists discovered module names.
11083	Recursively attempts to find submodules under a specified module, handling both default and extended paths via sys.meta_path hooks. Assumes the module's __path__ variable is set correctly. Returns a list of submodule names.
11084	Attempts to list all classes within a specified module, optionally filtering them using a provided function. Returns a list of included classes.
11085	Attempts to list all classes in a module namespace, recursively into submodules, and filters them using an optional function.
11086	Ensure directory exists, create if necessary.
11087	Stores text contents in a blob service using a given key.
11088	Validate a card number using the Luhn algorithm by checking if the sum of digits (doubled and reduced if necessary) modulo 10 equals zero.
11089	Get git hash as a string with error handling.
11090	def load_module(self, module_name):
    Loads a module's code and sets its expected hidden variables. Raises an error if the loader is unaware of the module, and returns the module if already loaded.
11091	Adds a path to the list of searchable paths if it's not already present.
11092	Searches paths for a module, returns ModuleLoader if found
11093	Splits a line into multiple lines, each no longer than max_line_length, while maintaining indentation and ensuring the total length is at least min_line_length. If a split point is not found within the allowed length, the line is left unchanged.
11094	Removes all namespaces from an lxml.etree document by modifying the tags of all elements.
11095	Checks if versions match the desired version, excluding 'package' if specified, and generates an error message if inconsistencies are found.
11096	Creates a new instance of a class, updates its dictionary with provided keyword arguments, and returns the instance. Used for parsing default configuration files.
11097	Merges a new dictionary into the Rule object, transferring its actions to the object and updating other attributes.
11098	Executes each action in the `actions` list in order, logging the execution and waiting for each to complete in the specified `cwd`.
11099	Creates a new instance of a rule by merging `defaults` and `kwargs`. If "token" is not in `defaults`, it sets to None. Uses `copy.deepcopy` on `defaults` to avoid modifying the original. Extracts "token" and "directory" from `kwargs` and passes the rest to the class constructor.
11100	Add extra details to the message, including Flask request URL, method, endpoint, and form data, with password fields obscured. Also, append the session information. If any error occurs during the process, it will be printed.
11101	Formats a log record, sends an email if within rate limit, logs warnings otherwise
11102	def get_context(self, value):
    """Add image_rendition to context."""
    context = super().get_context(value)
    context['image_rendition'] = self.rendition.image_rendition or 'original'
    return context
11103	Increment the number of attempts for a given key and lock the account if the number of attempts exceeds the maximum allowed.
11104	Adds URL to download queue if music and storage services are initialized.
11105	Creates workers for downloading, converting, uploading, and deleting files, starts them, and attaches a signal handler to terminate them gracefully on SIGINT.
11106	Adds or updates a key-value pair in the database using a PUT request. Trims leading slashes from the key, constructs the URL, and validates the response. If the request fails, raises a KVStoreError.
11107	Retrieves the value for a given key, handling optional wait and timeout parameters. Raises exceptions for non-existent keys or other errors. Decodes base64-encoded values and handles empty strings.
11108	Recursively retrieves the tree below a given key from a KV store, optionally waiting until a specific index or timeout.
11109	Defines a method `index` to get the current index of a key or subtree, used for long polling requests. Appends `recurse` query param if `recursive=True`. Returns the `X-Consul-Index` header from the response.
11110	Deletes a key or recursively deletes the subtree below it by making a DELETE request.
11111	The `plot_heatmap` function generates a heatmap illustrating the relationship between features and classes using clustering. It takes parameters for the input data, labels, number of top features, and clustering metrics and methods. The function uses the Seaborn library to create a clustermap with color-coded columns based on the labels.
11112	Add a number of months to a given timestamp, handling rollover into new years and adjusting the day if necessary.
11113	Add a specified number of months to a given date, adjusting the year and day as necessary to handle month and year overflows.
11114	Checks if the current date is in the Christmas period (December 15 to December 27).
11115	Sets the current music service based on service_name, optionally passing an api_key to Soundcloud. Handles unrecognized service names by logging an error.
11116	Sets the current storage service based on the provided name and runs the connect method, supports 'google drive' and 'local', and has an optional custom path for 'local'.
11117	Reads a CSV file, extracts features and labels, filters out non-finite values, and returns them as a list of records and a list of labels.
11118	Reads dataset from a JSON file, decompressing if necessary, and returns it as a reversed list of lists.
11119	Writes dataset and labels to a file in JSON format, optionally compressing it.
11120	Filter items based on a reference label. If reverse is False, selects items with the reference label; if True, excludes them.
11121	Calculates average values for a specified label from a dataset.
11122	Generate a report on feature significance using ANOVA, correct for multiple hypothesis testing, and sort by p-value or F statistic.
11123	Update the flask session and object with data from the input dictionary
11124	Recursively merges two dictionaries, updating the first dictionary in-place.
11125	A decorator that dispatches function calls to different implementations based on the return value of a dispatch function. It uses a dictionary to map dispatch values to implementation functions and provides a default implementation if needed.
11126	Decorator that registers a function with a dispatch function, using an optional dispatch key. If no key is provided, the function becomes the default dispatch function.
11127	This method automatically discovers and imports `registered_blocks.py` modules from apps listed in `settings.INSTALLED_APPS`. It registers the blocks found in these modules, similar to how Django admin registers models. The method handles exceptions by resetting the block registry and propagating errors if the `registered_blocks` module is present but cannot be imported.
11128	Verifies a block before registration to ensure it doesn't already exist and is a valid Block instance.
11129	Registers a block under a specific type in the registry, after verifying its correctness.
11130	Deletes the block associated with `block_type` from the registry if it exists, otherwise raises NotRegistered.
11131	Converts a file to MP3 and deletes the original.
11132	Check if the proposed version is a reasonable next version by ensuring it is newer than the latest tagged version and optionally allowing equal versions.
11133	Check if a route needs SSL and redirect accordingly, considering the SSL_ENABLED config and method-level SSL attributes.
11134	Initializes Celery with Flask app configuration and wraps tasks in an app context.
11135	Adds email to queue and commits by default
11136	def parse_accept(header_value): 
    Parses an HTTP accept-like header and returns a list of ContentType instances in decreasing quality order. Each instance is augmented with the associated quality as a float property named "quality".
11137	Parses a Cache-Control header into a dictionary, converting parameterless booleans to True and non-numeric values to their respective strings.
11138	Parse a content type like header. Split into content type, subtype, and parameters. Handle optional suffix and normalization. Return a ContentType instance.
11139	Parses an RFC7239 Forwarded header into a list of dictionaries, each containing parameter values. The list is ordered as received, and parameter names are folded to lowercase. If `only_standard_parameters` is enabled and a non-standard parameter name is encountered, raises `StrictHeaderParsingFailure`.
11140	Parse a comma-separated list header, handling quoted segments and escaping commas within quotes.
11141	Parses a named parameter list, normalizing names and values based on provided keywords. Returns a sequence of name-to-value pairs.
11142	Resize an image to fit the desired width while maintaining the aspect ratio using PIL.
11143	Add a new value to the list after validation. If strict mode is enabled, validate the value according to RFC 5988 sections 5.3 and 5.4. Only add the value if it passes validation.
11144	Downloads a video from a given URL and returns the local filename.
11145	Establishes Google Drive API connection, ensuring credentials are valid. Creates 'Music' folder if it doesn't exist.
11146	Uploads file to Google Drive Music folder and logs the upload time. Returns original filename.
11147	Initializes and creates the Music folder if it doesn't exist, using the user's home directory.
11148	Writes parameters to a file needed for skytool_Free to generate a sky radiance distribution.
11149	Updates the path for a sky file based on the input parameters.
11150	Reads the phytoplankton absorption data from a CSV file and handles exceptions by logging an error and setting a default value.
11151	Scales the `a_phi` attribute by multiplying it with a given linear scaling factor, logging the operation and handling any exceptions if scaling fails.
11152	Reads pure water absorption data from a CSV file and logs the process.
11153	Reads pure water scattering data from a CSV file and stores it in self.b_water, logging an error if the file cannot be read.
11154	Reads a CSV file, interpolates its IOP data to the common wavelengths specified, and returns the interpolated values.
11155	Writes a numpy array to a file, line by line.
11156	Calculates the total scattering from back-scattering using a given fraction.
11157	Calculates total absorption by summing absorption from water, phytoplankton, and CDOM.
11158	Calculates total attenuation C by adding total absorption (a) and total scattering (b)
11159	Calls all build methods in specific order
11160	Saves input lists of parameters as class properties.
11161	Reads a text file into a dictionary using '=' as the delimiter, strips whitespace from keys and values, and returns the dictionary.
11162	Extracts comma-separated string values from a text file, converts them to floats, and returns a list. Skips brackets and handles data with or without a trailing comma.
11163	Reads a PlanarRad generated report, extracts various parameters, and stores them in a dictionary.
11164	Sets a default signal handler for a list of signals.
11165	def pseudo_handler(self, signum, frame):
    Logs a warning if a signal is received while the system is busy processing another signal.
11166	A default signal handler method that processes various signals. It restarts the process for HUP, cleans up and exits for TERM, INT, QUIT, pauses for STOP and TSTP, resumes for CONT and USR1, prints status for INFO, aborts and exits for USR2, and logs errors for unhandled signals.
11167	Pauses execution for X seconds or until SIGALRM or SIGCONT signal is received, optionally running a callback function on resume. Returns True if paused due to timer expiration, False otherwise.
11168	Handle abort signal by running abort tasks, then exit tasks, and finally exit with an error status.
11169	Method `status` handles a status signal. It logs the signal and iterates through list `status_callbacks`, calling each function with its arguments. If a callback is non-persistent, it logs a message and removes it from the list. Persistent callbacks are added to a new list. After processing all callbacks, it logs the signal and calls the `_resume` method.
11170	Removes an event from a list without triggering it, logging details and handling cases where the event is not found.
11171	```python
Fetches time series data from OpenTSDB. Parameters include metric, tags, time range, aggregator, downsampling, and ms_resolution. Returns a dict mapping timestamps to data points.
```
11172	Fetch sorted time series data from OpenTSDB by sorting (timestamp, value) tuples by timestamp.
11173	### Summary of `pfcollect` Method:

- **Function**: Collects and returns a list of values from the given iterable.
- **Behavior**:
  - If `n` is specified, collects up to `n` items.
  - If `n` is not specified, collects all items from the iterable.
- **Return Type**: List of values from the iterable.
11174	def pfprint(item, end='\n', file=None):
    """Prints `item` with `end`, writing to `file`. Defaults to sys.stdout if `file` is None."""
11175	A higher-order function `pfprint_all` takes an iterable and prints each item using the `pfprint` function, optionally appending a custom end string and file output.
11176	Extracts and processes function signature and default values.
11177	Extract function signature from a partial instance by copying parameters and keyword arguments while preserving variable argument information.
11178	Copy and modify self.argv and self.extra_argv with new positional and keyword arguments. Raise TypeError if unexpected arguments are provided.
11179	Determines if a file should be ignored during XPI signing due to containing multiple signature-related metadata, by matching the filename against a list of ignored patterns in a case-insensitive manner.
11180	def file_key(filename):
    Sort files in a manifest based on a priority and case-insensitive alphabetical order. Priority for specific files like install.rdf and LICENSE affects their position in the sorted list.
11181	Reads a VLQ-encoded integer from a data stream, handling variable-length encoding.
11182	Reads a table structure from binary data, stores fields and their values in a dictionary after processing VLQ-encoded values.
11183	Parse the replay header, check if it's a StarCraft II replay, extract relevant data, and calculate the duration.
11184	Converts seconds into a human-readable string format.
11185	Print game details including map, duration, version, and player information.
11186	This function retrieves and stores data from UI elements into class attributes.
11187	This method displays data and its associated graphic when a file is found. It checks if the current tab is in normal mode, opens a file dialog to select a report file, processes the data, and then displays the graphic.
11188	This function creates a BatchFile object with various parameters and calls the `write_batch_to_file` method to generate a batch file.
11189	This function reads data from a file, separates it into labels and values, and organizes the data into three arrays: labels, information, and data_wavelength. It identifies the index of the "wavelength" label, skips it, and converts all wavelength values to floats. The function then extracts the first line as the wavelength data and the remaining lines as the data for plotting curves.
11190	Connects the `display_the_graphic` function to a slider without parameters by wrapping it with the instance variables.
11191	Function prints curve information by updating GUI labels with labels and data from input arrays.
11192	Displays an error message and warning image when a wrong value is typed. Errors are styled in red.
11193	Hides error message and warning image when values are correct.
11194	Executes planarRad using a batch file, hiding error messages if none occur, and running a subprocess if there are no errors.
11195	cancels PlanarRad if it is running in normal mode, confirms with user, kills process if confirmed
11196	Checks if PlanarRad is running; if so, shows a warning. If not, prompts for confirmation before quitting.
11197	Saves the current figure displayed in a png file in the "Artists_saved" folder of the "planarradpy" repository, with a default filename incremented to avoid overwriting previous files.
11198	The method `open_log_file` opens the log file for PlanarRad, reads its contents, and displays them in a text edit widget.
11199	"""
Opens the documentation file in a window.
TO DO.
"""
11200	This function initializes the GUI by hiding error messages and disabling certain UI elements. It sets the path for phytoplankton, bottom files, and executive paths (commented out). It updates the verbose and report parameter values, and resets the progress bar.
11201	Intercepts right mouse clicks and displays a context menu at the clicked position if not in NORMAL_MODE.
11202	def mouse_move(self, event):
    """
    Updates mouse position on canvas and triggers graphics target.
    """
    if self.ui.tabWidget.currentIndex() == TabWidget.NORMAL_MODE:
        self.posX = event.xdata
        self.posY = event.ydata
        self.graphic_target(self.posX, self.posY)
11203	Updates mouse coordinates labels if authorized_display is True
11204	Creates a lockset with a single vote for the given genesis block signed by the private key, ensuring quorum is met.
11205	Signs the object with a private key and generates a recoverable ECDSA signature. Sets the v, r, and s attributes of the object.
11206	def hash(self):
    if self.sender is None:
        raise MissingSignatureError()
    fields = [(field, sedes) for field, sedes in self.fields if field not in ('v', 'r', 's')] + [('_sender', binary)]
    class HashSerializable(rlp.Serializable): 
        fields = fields
        _sedes = None
    return sha3(rlp.encode(self, HashSerializable))
11207	Checks if the instance is valid or has exactly one of quorum, noquorum, or quorumpossible.
11208	def issue_funds(ctx, amount='uint256', rtgs_hash='bytes32', returns=STATUS):
    Issue funds to sender's account and track issuance.
11209	returns the highest lock in rounds, assuming rounds are sorted from highest to lowest
11210	Iterates through rounds, checks for block proposal instances, validates corresponding lock, and returns the proposal if blockhashes match.
11211	Returns the highest valid lockset from the rounds or None if no valid lockset is found.
11212	Setup a timeout for waiting for a proposal if not already set or a proposal exists.
11213	Notifies about synced peers, checks protocol and proposal validity, updates last active protocol if proposal height is greater than or equal to the current height.
11214	Generate private keys that, when hashed and converted to an integer, produce a unique modulo index for a given number of colors.
11215	Adds delays to a packet transfer based on sender and receiver bandwidths and latencies, plus an optional additional delay.
11216	SlowTransport delivers a packet with an added delay equal to the current round timeout.
11217	def chain_nac_proxy(chain, sender, contract_address, value=0):
    "Create a proxy object for interacting with a contract on a blockchain"
    contract_class = registry[contract_address].im_self
    assert issubclass(contract_class, NativeABIContract)

    def create_method(method):
        def call_method(self, *args):
            data = abi_encode_args(method, args)
            block = chain.head_candidate
            output = test_call(block, sender, contract_address, data)
            if output is not None:
                return abi_decode_return_vals(method, output)
        return call_method

    proxy_class = type('cproxy', (object,), {})
    for method in contract_class._abi_methods():
        setattr(proxy_class, method.__func__.func_name, create_method(method))

    return proxy_class()
11218	def address_to_native_contract_class(self, address):
    "Returns the native contract class based on the given address"
    assert isinstance(address, bytes) and len(address) == 20
    assert self.is_instance_address(address)
    nca = self.native_contract_address_prefix + address[-4:]
    return self.native_contracts[nca]
11219	registers NativeContract subclasses, ensuring they meet specific criteria (address length, prefix, and uniqueness), and stores them in a dictionary with their address as the key.
11220	Adds data to the filter list if not present, moves it to the end if already present. Returns True if data was previously unknown.
11221	Logs the receipt of remote transactions and spawns a greenlet to add each transaction.
11222	Decondition an image from the VGG16 model by transposing the dimensions, adjusting the pixel values, and converting from BGR to RGB.
11223	Preprocess an image for VGG16 by converting it to BGR, subtracting mean values, and transposing the dimensions
11224	Create a function to get the response of a specified layer in a neural network.
11225	Get symbolic output of a layer by caching the result.
11226	Evaluates outputs of specified `layers` for input `x` by constructing a Keras function and returning them as a dictionary.
11227	Creates a new encryption key, stores it in the specified path, and sets file permissions to 0o400 (read-only for the owner).
11228	Definishes the load job, handling edge cases and errors.
11229	This method, `from_file`, loads data from a file into a target table, handling file types, compression, encoding, and column parsing. It checks for necessary parameters and handles errors based on the `panic` flag.
11230	Add a list of row values to the target table, with options to handle errors and log issues.
11231	```python
def release(self):
    """
    Attempts to release the target mload table, raising an error if the table is not set.
    Logs the attempt to release the table.
    """
```
11232	def tables(self): Returns the names of four tables based on the target table name with suffixes "_wt", "_log", "_e1", and "_e2". Raises GiraffeError if the target table is not set.
11233	Monkey-patch distutils.ccompiler.CCompiler.compile to remove specified flags.
11234	Returns the path to the Teradata installation directory for the current platform using default locations. If no default is found, it searches the "/opt/teradata/client" directory as a last resort.
11235	Get the decrypted value of a key in a giraffez configuration file. If the key does not start with "secure." or "connections.", prepend "secure." to the key. Retrieve the value using the key. If the value is not a string, set it to None. Return the value.
11236	Sets an encrypted value by key in a giraffez configuration file, prepending "secure." to keys if not already prefixed, and writes the updated configuration.
11237	```plain
Toggle table output based on input line. Set to ON if "on", OFF if "off", and log current state otherwise.
```
11238	def execute(self, command, **kwargs): Execute SQL command using CLIv2; handle options like float coercion, date parsing, header inclusion, sanitization, silent mode, error handling, multi-statement execution, and preparation only. Returns a cursor over results. Raises exceptions on query or data decode errors.
11239	Retrieve a value from the configuration based on a key, handle nested keys, provide a default value, and optionally decrypt the value if encrypted.
11240	Writes a default configuration file structure to a file. Overwrites existing files. Defaults to ~/.girafferc. Returns the written content.
11241	Def initializes a filter with column names, validates them, and updates the filtered columns list.
11242	Writes an archive file in Giraffez format using a `Writer` object. Takes a `giraffez.io.Writer` as a parameter and yields the number of rows processed for each chunk. Raises an error if the writer is not in binary mode.
11243	Converts current encoder output to Python str and returns a row iterator with specified delimiter and null value.
11244	Converts string with optional k, M, G, T multiplier to float
11245	Convert string of gains to dict with amp names as keys and values as floats.
11246	Converts string of SoapySDR device settings into dictionary.
11247	Wrap text to terminal width with specified indentation.
11248	Detects SoapySDR devices, formats output as a list, and returns both results and formatted text.
11249	Set center frequency and clear averaged PSD data
11250	Computes and returns frequency and averaged power spectral density (PSD) from input state, applying optional cropping, averaging, and log scaling.
11251	Wait for PSD futures to complete and return the result.
11252	Compute PSD from samples, update average, and handle DC removal if enabled.
11253	Reads data from a file-like object, checks magic bytes, parses header, and extracts a power array as float32. Returns a tuple of header and power array. Raises error if magic bytes are missing.
11254	Writes data to a file-like object, including a magic number, header information, and power array data.
11255	Submits a callable to a ThreadPoolExecutor with arguments, tracks and updates the maximum work queue size reached, and returns the future object.
11256	Converts integration time to the number of repeats by multiplying the device sample rate by the integration time, then dividing by the number of bins, and rounding up to the nearest integer.
11257	Generates a list of frequency hopping plans for a given frequency range and bin size, considering overlap and quiet mode.
11258	This method calculates the necessary buffer size for reading samples in a given number of bins and repeats. It also ensures that the buffer size does not exceed a specified maximum size, adjusting the number of repeats if necessary. The method logs the calculated buffer size, maximum buffer size, and the number of repeats.
11259	Stops device streaming, starts new stream with specified buffer size, initializes and configures PSD, and sets up output format.
11260	Stop streaming samples from device, close writer, and reset buffer variables
11261	Tunes to a specified frequency, computes Power Spectral Density (PSD), and manages streaming and buffer repeats to ensure accurate data acquisition.
11262	Sweep spectrum using frequency hopping with specified parameters. Set up, generate frequency list, acquire samples, compute PSD, and write results. Repeat for specified runs or until time limit exceeds.
11263	Updates the I2C address if it differs from the current address.
11264	Forces a run of CMake for building zql, checks for CMake availability, sets up the build directory, runs cmake and make commands, and handles errors.
11265	Filters a set of datetimes, keeping ``number`` units before ``now`` with approximately one unit between each. Removes duplicates and allows unfiltered datetimes after ``now``.
11266	Return a datetime object with the time set to midnight of the given datetime.
11267	Return datetime with same value but to week resolution, adjusted by firstweekday.
11268	Returns a set of datetimes that should be kept, up to specified time intervals (years, months, weeks, days, hours, minutes, seconds) relative to a given time point or the current time. Filters out datetimes that fall outside the specified interval. When keeping weeks, it prefers to keep datetimes on the specified firstweekday (defaulting to Saturday). If no time point is provided, it uses the current time as the reference point.
11269	Returns a set of datetimes to delete by subtracting the set of datetimes to keep.
11270	Returns a set of dates to keep from a list of datetime objects, considering years, months, weeks, days, and filtering based on the firstweekday and current date.
11271	Remove specified date intervals from a set of dates.
11272	Defines a method to return an SPI control byte for the MCP23S17 device, combining the hardware address and read/write command.
11273	Returns thevalue of the specifiedbit from the givenaddress.
11274	Writes a bit at a specified address with a given value (0 or 1). Uses a bit mask to isolate and update the desired bit.
11275	Returns the lowest bit position that is set to 1 in a given integer bit pattern. If no bits are set, returns None. Iterates through the bits, shifting right until a set bit is found or all bits are checked.
11276	Waits for port events and places them on an event queue.
11277	Waits for events on a queue, checks if they match any function map, and executes the corresponding callback function if a match is found. Terminates when the special terminate signal is received on the queue.
11278	Bring GPIO interrupt to userspace by checking if it exists, and if not, exporting the GPIO pin and waiting for the device file to appear.
11279	Set the GPIO interrupt edge to 'falling' or 'rising' and timeout after specified time.
11280	Wait for a file to exist within a timeout. Raise a timeout error if not found within the limit.
11281	Registers a pin number, direction, and callback function with an optional settle time.
11282	This method de-registers callback functions based on a pin number and/or event direction. If no parameters are provided, all functions are de-registered. It iterates through the `pin_function_maps` list, identifies matching functions to de-register, and removes them from the list in reverse order to avoid index issues.
11283	Enables GPIO interrupts by bringing the GPIO into userspace and setting the interrupt edge, raising an exception on timeout.
11284	Sends bytes over the SPI bus and returns the bytes received from the device.
11285	```python
Defines a method `render` that processes a form and generates HTML content, links, and tabs for a user interface. Initializes CSS ID if not provided, activates the target tab for the form, and constructs the final HTML by iterating over tabs.
```
11286	Check if the form has errors that match fields in the current instance.
11287	Renders a tab-pane link template with an 'active' class if applicable.
11288	Get package version from installed distribution or configuration file if not installed
11289	Redefines `get_form_kwargs` to include a `pack` argument based on `foundation_version`.
11290	Check the response status and raise appropriate exception based on the status code.
11291	Makes a GET request to the指定URL with optional parameters, includes login and key, and processes the JSON response.
11292	Requests direct download link for a file using file ID, preparation ticket, and optional captcha response. Returns file info and download URL in a dictionary.
11293	This method generates a URL for file upload, optionally specifying a folder, expected SHA-1 hash, and whether to use an HTTP-only link. It returns a dictionary with the upload URL and its expiration time.
11294	### Summary:
The `upload_file` method uploads a file by obtaining a valid upload URL from the `upload_link` method. It then makes a POST request to this URL with the file data. If successful, it checks the status and returns the uploaded file information.
11295	Used to upload a file to openload.co remotely. Takes a remote file URL and optional folder ID and headers as inputs. Returns a dictionary containing the uploaded file's ID and folder ID.
11296	Checks remote file upload status with optional limits and IDs, returns a dictionary of upload details.
11297	Fetches a list of files and folders within a specified folder, defaulting to the "Home" folder if no ID is provided. Returns a dictionary with keys "folders" and "files", each containing a list of relevant details.
11298	Lists running file conversions for a specified folder; returns a list of conversion info dictionaries. If folder_id is not provided, the "Home" folder is used.
11299	Calculates relative humidity using a formula from weatherwise.org given temperature and dew point in Fahrenheit.
11300	Calculates the dewpoint using a formula from weatherwise.org, converting temperatures between Celsius and Fahrenheit as needed.
11301	Transmit weather values via HTTP session.
11302	Calculates CRC value from raw serial data using a table-driven approach.
11303	def verify(data):
    if len(data) == 0:
        return False
    crc = VProCRC.get(data)
    if crc:
        log.info("CRC Bad")
    else:
        log.debug("CRC OK")
    return not crc
11304	Given a packed storm date, this function unpacks it to return a 'YYYY-MM-DD' string.
11305	Determines if records represent archive revision B by checking the 'RecType' field. Returns True if revision B is detected, False otherwise.
11306	send wakeup command to device and check response
11307	Sends a command with optional arguments and waits for either ACK or OK, retrying up to 3 times; raises NoDeviceException if device does not respond.
11308	Send 'DMPAFT' command, send time stamp with CRC, read preamble, verify CRC, loop through pages and records, store valid data in list, return records.
11309	Returns the newest archive record from the device, or None if no records are new, after retrying up to 3 times. Raises NoDeviceException if unable to access the weather station.
11310	Read and parse data from the console, store in fields, calculate derived fields, then update self.fields
11311	Function retrieves weather data, performs sanity checks, calculates wind gust, and attempts to upload data to multiple publishers, logging any errors encountered during the process.
11312	Sets up system logging with specified verbosity, adding both syslog and console handlers based on input parameters.
11313	generate instances of publication services using opts data, returning a list of service instances
11314	Get gust data for a station if it exceeds a threshold and the time is within the reporting window. Update the gust value and count accordingly. Log the gust data and return it.
11315	Updates weather data, accepting various parameters such as pressure, dewpoint, humidity, and more. Converts parameters to a dictionary and logs the updated data.
11316	Stores keyword arguments in self.args and logs them with debug level.
11317	Write output file, appending keys and values to each line.
11318	Helper decorator to ensure a requirement appears as user-only but passes the current request context internally. Intended for a transitionary phase in flask-allows.
11319	Initializes Flask-Allows object for the application, sets up request and response hooks for managing overrides and additional data.
11320	Checks if the provided or current identity meets the given requirements, considering both additional and overridden requirements, with overridden ones taking precedence.
11321	Pushes an override to the context, optionally combining it with current overrides if use_parent is True.
11322	Pops the latest override context from the stack. Raises RuntimeError if the context was pushed by a different override manager.
11323	Pushes an override context temporarily, yields the new context, and then pops it.
11324	-push an additional to the current context
-optionally use parent additionals
-if use_parent, create a new additional from parent and child
-push the updated context and additional to a stack
11325	Pops the latest additional context and checks if it was pushed by the current manager; raises RuntimeError if not.
11326	Pushes an additional context and yields the new context, then pops it.
11327	Remove duplicate field names by appending a number.
11328	def interpret_stats(results):
    """Generates update string from Cypher query results"""
11329	Extracts safe parameters from the user namespace for use in a Cypher query.
11330	Executes a Cypher query and returns a result in the desired format based on the configurations provided.
11331	This method returns a Pandas DataFrame from the result set. It first checks if Pandas is installed and raises an ImportError if not. Then, it creates a DataFrame with the result data and columns.
11332	Builds a NetworkX multi-graph from the result set, optionally directed. Adds nodes with properties and edges with properties, including IDs and types.
11333	Generates a pie chart from the result set using matplotlib. Uses the rightmost column for sizes and other columns for labels. Accepts keyword arguments for customization.
11334	Generates a plot from the result set, using the first and last columns as X and Y values. Can accept title and additional keyword arguments for customization.
11335	Generates a pylab bar plot from the result set, using the last quantitative column as Y values and combining other columns to label the X axis. Supports optional title, key word separator, and additional keyword arguments passed to matplotlib.pylab.bar.
11336	Generates CSV data from results. Writes to a file if provided, otherwise returns CSV content as a string. Uses `csv.writer` with additional parameters.
11337	Decorator to check user permissions, considers settings, and handles login.
11338	Adds 'is_rendered' and widget to context, updates with widget's data.
11339	Returns a list of widgets sorted by their position.
11340	Returns list of widgets that need updating.
11341	Registers a widget class, ensuring it inherits DashboardWidgetBase and is uniquely named, and stores it in self.widgets.
11342	Unregisters a widget by deleting it from the `widgets` dictionary using its class name and name obtained through `get_name()` method.
11343	```
Gets or creates the last update object for the widget.
```
11344	Retrieves a widget's setting from the database, returning a default value if not found
11345	Saves a setting value in the database or updates an existing one for a widget.
11346	Checks if an update is overdue based on the ``update_interval`` and the last update time. Returns True if an update is needed.
11347	Create a Spark Bolt array from a local array, distributing it along specified axes and partitioning it for parallel processing.
11348	def ones(shape, context=None, axis=(0,), dtype=float64, npartitions=None):
    """Create a Spark Bolt array of ones with specified shape, context, axis, dtype, and partitioning."""
    from numpy import ones
    return ConstructSpark._wrap(ones, shape, context, axis, dtype, npartitions)
11349	Concatenate two arrays, at least one of which must be a Spark Bolt Array, along a specified axis and return a Spark Bolt Array.
11350	Check that arguments are consistent with Spark array construction. Conditions include: a positional argument is a SparkContext, keyword arg 'context' is a SparkContext, an argument is a BoltArraySpark, or an argument is a nested list containing a BoltArraySpark. Returns True if any condition is met.
11351	Formats axes based on input shape, handling single value, list, or tuple inputs, ensuring valid axis values.
11352	Parallelizes numpy constructor creation
11353	Align specified axes for iteration by transposing and reshaping the array to ensure the correct order for functional operators.
11354	Converts a BoltArrayLocal to a BoltArraySpark using a specified SparkContext and axis for parallelization.
11355	Converts a BoltArrayLocal to an RDD using the given SparkContext and axis for parallelization.
11356	This method takes a parameter size and applies a transformation to a Spark RDD, combining records into lists of keys and ndarrays. It partitions the RDD, iterates over the records in each partition, and yields combined data when the size condition is met or the partition is exhausted.
11357	Applies a function to each subarray in an RDD. Returns a new StackedArray with the transformed data. Handles shape inference and rekeying if necessary.
11358	Splits a distributed array into chunks based on specified size, axis, and padding, transforming the underlying pair RDD into records of chunk ids and chunked values.
11359	Applies a function to each subarray of a ChunkedArray, ensuring it only changes unchunked dimensions. Output dtype and shape are preserved or inferred.
11360	Apply a function to each subarray, transforming them into a BoltArraySpark of dtype object with modified dimensions.
11361	This method determines a plan for chunking values along each dimension based on the provided size and axes. It handles different types of input for size (average chunk size in KB or explicit chunk count) and axes (specific axes to chunk or all axes). It also allows specifying padding between chunks.
11362	Remove padding from a chunk of a larger array along specified axes based on a padding scheme.
11363	Calculate the number of chunks for a given shape and chunk plan by dividing each dimension of the shape by the corresponding chunk size and rounding up to the nearest integer.
11364	Obtains slices for the given dimensions, padding, and number of chunks along each dimension. Calculates the number of chunks and the remainder, then iterates through each dimension to generate slices with the specified overlap.
11365	Defining a function to create a binary mask where specified indices are set to True and the rest to False, with the mask length determined by the second parameter.
11366	Repartitions the underlying RDD to the specified number of partitions.
11367	Stacks records of a distributed array into a StackedArray object, optionally grouping records per partition up to a specified size. This improves performance for vectorized operations but limits the exposed operations to map and reduce. The unstack method can be used to restore the full bolt array.
11368	Aligns spark bolt array axes for iteration by moving specified axes to the keys and swapping values. Returns modified BoltArraySpark.
11369	Return the first element of the array, optionally sorting it if unordered.
11370	```
Calculate a statistic over specified axis using either a function or a named statistic.
```
11371	Compute and return the mean of the array along the specified axis, with the option to keep the reduced dimensions with size 1.
11372	Calculates the variance of the array over a specified axis, with an option to keep the dimensions intact.
11373	Calculates the standard deviation of the array along specified axis, keeping dimensions if optional parameter is set.
11374	Calculate the sum of array elements over a specified axis and optional parameter to keep dimensions.
11375	Return the maximum of the array over the given axis, or all elements if axis is None. Optionally keep the reduced dimensions with size 1.
11376	This method calculates the minimum value of an array over a specified axis and returns the result. If no axis is specified, it computes the minimum over all elements. The `keepdims` parameter allows the result to maintain the original array's dimensions by setting the operation result's dimensions that are not reduced to size 1.
11377	Chunk splits distributed arrays into subarrays based on specified chunk size or byte size, axis, and padding.
11378	Swap axes between keys and values in a Spark bolt array, optionally specifying chunk sizes.
11379	Reorders the axes of the array according to the specified permutation. If no permutation is provided, it reverses the axis order. Performs the permutation in two steps: first by swapping specific axes, then by applying additional permutations to achieve the desired order.
11380	Swaps the positions of two specified axes in the array. Parameters `axis1` and `axis2` denote the axes to be interchanged. Returns the array with the axes swapped.
11381	Return an array with the same data but a new shape. Supports reshaping of keys, values, or both. Raises NotImplementedError if reshaping between keys and values is attempted.
11382	Check if a reshape can be broken into independent reshapes for keys and values, return index separating them or -1 if not possible.
11383	removes one or more axes with size 1 from the array
11384	Converts array elements to a specified data type using `rdd.mapValues`.
11385	Applies min and max clipping to RDD values.
11386	Converts RDD to local array, sorts if unordered. Reshapes to original shape.
11387	Coerce singletons, lists, ndarrays, and Iterables (excluding strings) to tuples. Return None if input is None. Return the input as is if it is already a tuple or Iterable.
11388	Coerce input arguments into a tuple.
11389	Checks if all axes are within the valid range of a given shape, raising an error if not.
11390	Test that two arrays, a and b, are close in value and have the same shape.
11391	Flattens a list of indices and ensures they are within specified bounds. Raises an error if indices are not integers or out of bounds.
11392	Force a slice to have defined start, stop, and step from a known dim, adjusting for negative indices and bounds overflow.
11393	check proposed axes match old in length, no repetition, and valid bounds
11394	Check if a proposed tuple of axes (new) can be reshaped from the old tuple by ensuring that their products are equal.
11395	Rebuilds original array from chunks by recursively concatenating nested lists of ndarrays along a specified axis.
11396	Expand array dimensions by appending extra empty axes iteratively.
11397	Eagerly returns the count of elements in the RDD along with their corresponding indices, using a custom function to iterate over the partitions.
11398	Decorator to wrap a function and append routed docstrings for local and spark constructors.
11399	def lookup(*args, **kwargs):
    """
    Routes instance based on arguments and keyword.

    If 'mode' keyword is present, uses it to select constructor.
    Otherwise, iterates through constructors, applying their check function.
    Returns appropriate constructor or ConstructLocal if no match found.
    """
11400	```python
def reshape(self, *shape):
    """
    Reshape the keys of a BoltArraySpark, returning a new BoltArraySpark.
    
    Parameters
    ----------
    shape : tuple
        New proposed axes.
    """
    new = argpack(shape)
    old = self.shape
    isreshapeable(new, old)

    if new == old:
        return self._barray

    def f(k):
        return unravel_index(ravel_multi_index(k, old), new)

    newrdd = self._barray._rdd.map(lambda kv: (f(kv[0]), kv[1]))
    newsplit = len(new)
    newshape = new + self._barray.values.shape

    return BoltArraySpark(newrdd, shape=newshape, split=newsplit).__finalize__(self._barray)
```
11401	transposes the keys of a BoltArraySpark according to the specified axes, returning a new BoltArraySpark with the transposed keys and updated shape.
11402	Reshape the BoltArraySpark values into a new shape while maintaining the current keys and metadata, returning a new BoltArraySpark with the updated dimensions.
11403	This function transposes a BoltArraySpark by rearranging its axes, returning a new BoltArraySpark with the values transposed according to the specified axes.
11404	Create and return a local bolt array filled with ones.
11405	Create a local bolt array filled with zeros.
11406	Join a sequence of arrays along a specified axis and return a BoltArrayLocal object.
11407	Computes log-likelihood for a given dataset, xmin, and alpha parameter using the Reimann zeta function.
11408	Calculates and returns the most likely alpha value for given data and xmin by evaluating likelihood over a range of alpha values.
11409	Calculates the maximum likelihood estimator of the scaling parameter alpha for discrete data using the given formula. Filters out data below xmin, computes alpha based on the remaining data.
11410	Use the maximum L to determine the most likely value of alpha
11411	Determines the best value of alpha for a given dataset using maximum likelihood estimation, optionally with a "zoom-in" approach for precision.
11412	Plots the power-law-predicted values against real values, using either user-provided data or the object's data, and optionally logs the plot.
11413	Estimates lognormal distribution parameters using maximum likelihood estimation and calculates the likelihood ratio test statistic for comparing the fit to a power-law distribution. If doprint is True, it prints the KS statistic, likelihood ratio D statistic, and references to further details.
11414	Sanitizes HTML by removing disallowed tags and attributes, returning a cleaned string.
11415	Configure Yandex Metrika analytics counter with ID and optional additional parameters, then append to analytics list.
11416	Generates a list of tags with selected CSS classes based on input.
11417	Calculate MD5 hash of decoded key and format as 'MD5:XX:XX:...:XX'
11418	Calculate a base64-encoded SHA-256 hash of the decoded key, removing any padding.
11419	Method `hash_sha512` calculates the SHA-512 hash of `_decoded_key`, encodes it in base64, removes padding equals signs, and returns the result as a UTF-8 string.
11420	Calculate two's complement of data in bytes.
11421	Decode base64 encoded key content. Raise error on failure.
11422	This method parses a string of ssh options, handling quoted values and commas to separate options. It validates option names, checks for missing values, and handles strict mode validation, returning a dictionary of parsed options.
11423	This method parses ssh-rsa public keys. It extracts the public exponent and modulus, converts them to integers, and generates an RSA public key object with the default backend. It then checks the key length against strict or loose limits, raising errors if the length is outside the allowed range. The method returns the current position after processing the key data.
11424	Parses SSH-DSS public keys by unpacking integer values, validating bit lengths, and creating a DSAPublicKey object.
11425	Parses ecdsa-sha public keys, validates curve type, extracts key data, and initializes ecdsa key.
11426	Parses ed25519 keys by validating their length (256 bits) and ensuring they are greater than 0. Raises errors if the key length is invalid or the key is non-positive.
11427	Validates SSH public key, raises exceptions for invalid keys, populates key_type, bits, and bits fields. For RSA, DSA, and ECDSA keys, extracts raw public key data in respective fields.
11428	Performs a security context establishment step, handling input tokens from the acceptor and sending output tokens until the context is established.
11429	Performs a GSSAPI accept security context step, processing input tokens and generating output(tokens). Continues until context is established. Handles errors and releases resources.
11430	Retrieves the supported mechanisms for the credential, caching the result if not already done.
11431	Stores credential in a 'credential store', either default or specific, using optional parameters for usage, mechanism, overwrite, default availability, and credential store. Returns successful element OIDs and usage, raises exceptions on errors or unsupported functions.
11432	Imports and merges options with custom options, then passes the result to the init function along with properties to run the setup.
11433	def init(dist='dist', minver=None, maxver=None, use_markdown_readme=True, use_stdeb=False, use_distribute=False, ): Returns a setup function from setuptools or distutils, optionally modifying README handling and supporting stdeb or distribute based on parameters.
11434	Creates and yields a file handle for audio recording, setting appropriate parameters and ensuring proper closure.
11435	Function returns HTML5 Boilerplate CSS file with optional version parameter. Defaults to setting if none provided.
11436	normalize CSS file for HTML5 Boilerplate
11437	Returns Font Awesome CSS file, either minified or full based on TEMPLATE_DEBUG setting and configured version.
11438	Returns Modernizr JS file for given version, using unminified file if in DEBUG mode, otherwise returns minified file from a CDN.
11439	Returns jQuery JavaScript file based on version, using full file in debug mode or minified CDN version otherwise, with local fallback.
11440	The function `djfrontend_jqueryui` returns the jQuery UI plugin file based on the version number. If `TEMPLATE_DEBUG` is set to `False`, it uses a Google CDN version with a local fallback. If `TEMPLATE_DEBUG` is `True`, it returns the full file from the static URL.
11441	Returns the appropriate jQuery DataTables script tag based on the version and debug settings.
11442	Returns the URL for the jQuery DataTables CSS file based on the provided or default version number, using settings and format_html for the output.
11443	Returns the jQuery DataTables ThemeRoller CSS file URL based on the specified version or default settings.
11444	Returns the appropriate jQuery Formset plugin file based on the version and debug settings. Uses the debug setting to choose between the full or minified file. Outputs a script tag with the correct path to the file.
11445	Returns jQuery ScrollTo plugin file path based on version and settings.
11446	Returns jQuery Smooth Scroll plugin file based on version and whether TEMPLATE_DEBUG is set.
11447	Returns Twitter Bootstrap CSS file, serving minified version when not in debug mode.
11448	Returns Google Analytics snippet based on settings.
11449	Renders a CodeMirrorTextarea, appends JavaScript to initialize the CodeMirror editor, and returns the rendered HTML with script included.
11450	Generate and yield SHA-1 hash-based authentication tokens for a user, valid for a specified duration, expiring at midnight.
11451	Calculation of expiration time for an auth_hash by adding specified minutes (with an extra minute) to the current time, rounding down to the nearest second and microsecond.
11452	def get_user_token(user, purpose, minutes_valid):
    Generates a login token for a user with specified purpose and validity duration. Returns a dict containing the user's ID, the token, and its expiration time.
11453	Serializes a user with customized fields, including username, full name, email, and permissions while removing sensitive data.
11454	Deserialize user profile fields into concrete model fields. If pop is True, remove key from profile. Add full_name if key is prefixed name, otherwise raise MeteorError.
11455	Updates user data based on a selector, deserializes and applies the update, checks for invalid fields, and saves the updated user object.
11456	Consume credentials, send failed login notification, raise exception.
11457	Resolve and validate auth token, returning user object if valid, else raising auth failure.
11458	Check if request is secure or from localhost, return True if either is true, else raise error.
11459	Retrieve username from user object. Handle string, dictionary, and primary key/ID cases. Look up username by email if provided. Raise error for invalid input.
11460	Registers a new user, authenticates them, logs them in, and returns a token.
11461	### Summary:

the `do_login` method logs in a user by setting the user's ID and DDP ID, subscribing to the 'LoggedInUser' publication silently, updating subscriptions, and sending a login signal.
11462	```markdown
Log out a user by unsubscribing, deleting the user ID, updating subscriptions, sending a logout signal, and clearing user identifiers.
```
11463	Login method checks if 'password' or 'resume' is in params and calls corresponding login method, otherwise calls auth_failed.
11464	Authenticate user with username and password, check if secure, verify credentials, and return token or fail authentication.
11465	Authenticate user with a resume token; login if valid, raise generic error if invalid.
11466	Change user password if old password is correct.
11467	Handle 'forgot_password' request by:
1. Extract username from params
2. Fetch user from database
3. Generate and send password reset token
11468	Reset password using a token and log user in.
11469	Merges two dictionaries recursively, combining nested dictionaries.
11470	Reads file content at specified path with given encoding, returns default if file not found.
11471	def get_meteor_id(obj_or_model, obj_pk=None):
    Return an Alea ID for the given object.
11472	Returns Alea ID mapping for given model object IDs, handling different cases based on primary keys and object mappings.
11473	Retrieve the object ID for a given meteor_id by checking model metadata and handling specific cases.
11474	def get_object_ids(model, meteor_ids):
    """Return a dictionary mapping meteor IDs to object IDs using the given model and meteor_ids."""
    if model is ObjectMapping:
        raise TypeError("Can't map ObjectMapping instances through self.")
    alea_unique_fields = [field for field in model._meta.local_fields if isinstance(field, AleaIdField) and field.unique and not field.null]
    result = collections.OrderedDict((str(meteor_id), None) for meteor_id in meteor_ids)
    if len(alea_unique_fields) == 1:
        aid = alea_unique_fields[0].name
        query = model.objects.filter(**{'%s__in' % aid: meteor_ids}).values_list(aid, 'pk')
    else:
        content_type = ContentType.objects.get_for_model(model)
        query = ObjectMapping.objects.filter(content_type=content_type, meteor_id__in=meteor_ids).values_list('meteor_id', 'object_id')
    for meteor_id, object_id in query:
        result[meteor_id] = object_id
    return result
11475	def get_object(model, meteor_id, *args, **kwargs):
    """Retrieve an object using meteor_id as primary key or unique field."""
    meta = model._meta
    if isinstance(meta.pk, AleaIdField):
        return model.objects.filter(*args, **kwargs).get(pk=meteor_id)

    unique_fields = [
        field
        for field in meta.local_fields
        if isinstance(field, AleaIdField) and field.unique and not field.null
    ]
    if len(unique_fields) == 1:
        return model.objects.filter(*args, **kwargs).get(**{unique_fields[0].name: meteor_id})

    return model.objects.filter(*args, **kwargs).get(pk=get_object_id(model, meteor_id))
11476	Set default value for AleaIdField by iterating over model instances and updating their operation fields.
11477	Unset default value for AleaIdField in a Django model.
11478	Truncates tables for given models in a specific app, restarting identity and cascading deletes.
11479	Applies forward changes using the provided schema editor.
11480	Applies reverse changes to the database using provided schema_editor.
11481	Sets default values for command options, inherits from build_py, and initializes variables.
11482	Finalize command options by inheriting from `build_py` and setting undefined options for `build` and `build_py`.
11483	run method performs a meteor build for each entry in self.meteor_builds. It constructs a command line, includes optional arguments, and executes the command in the project directory. Afterward, it optionally prunes npm build directories.
11484	Converts a UNIX-style path into a platform-specific directory specification by joining the path arguments and splitting the last argument by the POSIX path separator.
11485	Seed the internal state using provided values or a secure default if no values are given. Initialize internal state variables `s0`, `s1`, and `s2` using the Mash hash function and the provided or generated values.
11486	```python
Return internal state for testing.
```
11487	Generate a random string of specified length using characters from a given alphabet
11488	Decorator to mark methods as API endpoints, allowing optional path customization and decorator application.
11489	Iterates over an object's API endpoints, yielding paths and callbacks. Recursively includes endpoints from nested providers.
11490	Clears the cache for api_path_map by setting self._api_path_cache to None and calling clear_api_path_map_cache on each api_provider if the method exists.
11491	Debug print name and val with proper formatting.
11492	Validates keyword arguments against function signature, checking for missing or extra arguments. Raises MeteorError if validation fails.
11493	Handles a new WebSocket connection by initializing request, logger, and buffers. Sets up remote address and sends initial messages.
11494	Handle closing of websocket connection, delete connection, signal request finished, and log the close event.
11495	Process a message and log it. Handle DDP frames, process each, and safely close DB connections. Catch WebSocket errors to close the connection.
11496	Yield DDP messages from a raw WebSocket message, parsing and validating each one. Handle errors and yield control periodically.
11497	Process DDP message and reply with result or error.
11498	Dispatches a message to the appropriate handler method, enforcing a 'connect' call first, validating the method and its arguments, and then calling the handler.
11499	DDP connect handler sets up a new connection, checks for version and support compatibility, creates a database record, and registers a close handler. Raises errors for session already established, version mismatch, or missing support.
11500	Handles DDP ping requests, replying with 'pong' and optionally the original id_
11501	Handles DDP subscription by forwarding the provided parameters to the API's subscription method.
11502	Handle DDP unsub: If an ID is provided, unsubscribe; otherwise, reply 'nosub'.
11503	Handles DDP method, sets random seed if provided, calls API method, and sends 'updated' reply.
11504	Return JSON info about WebSocket service availability
11505	Spawn greenlets for handling websockets and PostgreSQL calls. Launch web servers with SSL. Handle SIGINT and SIGQUIT signals for graceful shutdown.
11506	Main function that sets up an argument parser for Django command options, including verbosity, debug port, settings, and HTTP and SSL server configurations. Parses the arguments and passes them to the `serve` function to start the server.
11507	Prints a formatted message if verbosity level is 1 or higher.
11508	Stop all green threads by setting a stop event, logging each server's shutdown, and then joining all threads to ensure they have stopped before clearing the threads list.
11509	Run DDP greenlets. Start, wait for stop event, join threads, reset threads list.
11510	This method initializes a PostgreSQL connection with specific parameters and listens for a "ddp" event. It continuously polls the connection until a stop signal is received, handles exceptions, and cleans up resources upon exit.
11511	```python
"""Poll DB socket for async tasks; process NOTIFY messages and update chunks."""
```
11512	Patches the threading and psycopg2 modules for green threads, avoiding double patching and providing fallbacks for psycopg2 dependencies.
11513	Generate a new ID, optionally using a namespace based on a given name.
11514	Autodiscover and import all `ddp` submodules from `settings.INSTALLED_APPS`, registering them with the `API` class.
11515	Return an error dictionary with specified keys and values, excluding None values, and merge with additional keyword arguments.
11516	This method retrieves an attribute from an object, creating it using a specified factory if it doesn't exist or if `update_thread_local` is False in the factory. It caches the created object in the object's `__dict__` if `update_thread_local` is True.
11517	Defines a method `emit` that formats and sends a log record using a distributed data protocol (DDP). Checks if logging is enabled before formatting the record and constructing a message with various log attributes, including typecasting methods for specific fields.
11518	Middleware selects a renderer for a request, uses it to render handler data, and returns an `aiohttp.web.Response`.
11519	### Summary:
Defines a context manager to add multiple routes to a web application. Takes an application object and optional parameters for URL and name prefixes. The context manager yields a function to add routes, which can accept either a handler function or the name of a handler function. Optionally, the module containing the handlers can be passed either as a module object or its import path.
11520	Adds routes to a resource based on its methods. Registers handlers for specified or all HTTP methods with custom names if provided.
11521	Run an `aiohttp.web.Application` using gunicorn, with optional parameters for app URI, host, port, reload, and extra configuration options.
11522	Sends a push notification to the device using GCM with optional extra data.
11523	Sends bulk APNS notifications using registration IDs. Iterates over IDs, sending messages with optional alerts, and checks for errors.
11524	Queries APNS for inactive ids since last fetch.
11525	Send a GCM notification using a single registration ID and data payload.
11526	Sends multiple GCM notifications to a list of registration IDs.
11527	Sends a JSON GCM message with specified IDs, data, and optional parameters. Processes response to handle unregistered devices and errors.
11528	Sends a GCM message with the given content type using the provided API key and URL.
11529	Returns the instance of a module given its location. Raises a ValueError if the module location is not a string or unicode. Splits the module location by '.' to separate the class name and module path, then imports and returns the class instance. Raises an AttributeError if the class does not exist.
11530	```text
fast_forward_selection: Reduces a set of scenarios to a smaller number while preserving their overall characteristics.
```
11531	search(term=None, phrase=None, limit=15, api_key='apikey', strict=False, rating=None) -> generator
11532	Generates a Giphy API wrapper with the given API key and rating, and calls the translate method, returning the result.
11533	Calls the trending method of the Giphy API wrapper with the given API key, and returns a generator.
11534	This function simplifies the creation of a Giphy API wrapper using a given API key and then calls the `gif` method with the provided `gif_id`.
11535	Shorthand function for creating a Giphy API wrapper and calling the screensaver method with an optional tag and API key.
11536	Calls Giphy API to upload a file with specified tags and optionally a username, using a given or default API key.
11537	Converts string values for specified keys in image-type data to integers, ignoring errors.
11538	Makes a GET request to a Giphy endpoint with provided parameters, including an API key, and returns the JSON response after checking for errors.
11539	Retrieve an animated GIF translation for a given term or phrase, ignoring punctuation. Handle strict mode and rating filtering.
11540	Retrieve trending GIFs with optional rating filter and limit on results
11541	Retrieves a specific GIF from Giphy by ID and returns a GiphyImage object. Raises an exception if not found and strict mode is enabled.
11542	Uploads a GIF from the filesystem to Giphy using the public API key, tags, file path, and optional username. Constructs params and makes a POST request with the file. Raises an exception on failure and returns a Gif object.
11543	Sets access control for a YouTube video using an extension element. The method checks the access control type (private or unlisted) and modifies the corresponding attribute in the media group or creates new extension elements for YouTube's access control settings. Returns a tuple of extension elements or None.
11544	```
Authenticates the user and sets the GData Auth token using provided or default email, password, and source.
Raises ApiError if authentication fails.
```
11545	Initiates a browser-based video upload by creating a video entry with metadata and returning a post URL and YouTube token for further upload steps. Requires authentication.
11546	Checks video upload status, requires authentication, returns True if available or details if not.
11547	Updates video details by video ID, including title, description, and access control; requires authentication; returns updated video entry or None.
11548	Deletes a video if authenticated, raises errors otherwise.
11549	def check_video_availability(request, video_id):
    Checks the availability of a video by querying its upload status.
    Returns a JSON response indicating whether the video is available (True) or not (False).
11550	Checks video availability using an API, renders appropriate template based on the state (available, failed, rejected, processing).
11551	video_list function lists videos of a user. If no username is provided, it shows videos of the currently logged-in user. It raises an error if the user is not authenticated and no username is provided.
11552	### Summary:
**Function:** direct_upload(request)

- Handles direct video upload to the server.
- Validates the uploaded video form.
- Uploads the video to our server and sends it to YouTube.
- Parses the YouTube URL to extract the video ID.
- Saves the video metadata, including YouTube URL and ID.
- Sends a signal indicating the video has been created.
- Deletes the uploaded video instance.
- Returns a JSON response with the video ID or redirects to the video display page.
11553	The `upload` method handles the display of an upload form. It retrieves optional parameters such as title, description, and keywords from the request. The method attempts to create an upload URL and token using the YouTube API and includes these in the form. If successful, it renders the form using the retrieved data; if an API error occurs, it redirects to the homepage with an error message.
11554	def upload_return(request):
    Retrieve upload status and video ID from request.
    If upload is successful, save video data and send signal.
    Redirect to video page or specified URL.
    If upload fails, show error message and redirect to upload page.
11555	Removes a video from YouTube and the database, handling errors and redirecting to a specified or default page.
11556	Connects to Youtube Api, authenticates, and retrieves video entry object. Returns YouTubeVideoEntry.
11557	Syncronize video info with YouTube, updating new and existing instances.
11558	Deletes the video from YouTube using the API, authenticates, sends a deletion request, and calls the super method. Raises OperationError on unsuccessful deletion.
11559	Updates metadata for a resource using the PUT method.
11560	Generic method for updating a resource's metadata field. Takes a field name and a value, sends a PUT request to the appropriate endpoint, and returns the API response. Raises an exception if an error occurs.
11561	def update(self, **attrs):
    """Update resource details using provided attributes."""
    self.data.update(self.item_update(self.api, self.id, **attrs))
    return self.data
11562	Converts a Newick formatted string into a list of Node objects, optionally stripping comments and passing additional keyword arguments to Node creation.
11563	Serialize a list of trees in Newick format. Convert single tree to list if necessary, then join Newick strings with semicolons.
11564	Def load(fp, strip_comments=False, **kw):
    Load trees from a Newick file. Strip comments if specified. Pass keyword args to Node.create. Returns list of Node objects.
11565	Load a list of trees from a Newick formatted file, optionally stripping comments and passing additional keyword arguments to `Node.create`.
11566	Parse a Newick formatted string into a `Node` object. Optionally strip comments, handle unmatched braces, and create a `Node` instance with parsed data.
11567	def create(cls, name, length, descendants, **kw):
    node = cls(name, length, **kw)
    if descendants:
        for descendant in descendants:
            node.add_descendant(descendant)
    return node
11568	Generates a Newick formatted string for the node, combining its name, length, and recursively formatted descendants.
11569	Retrieves a tree represented as a UTF-8 string in ASCII art format. Adjusts symbols based on parameters and filters out empty lines.
11570	def get_node(self, label): 
    """
    Retrieves a node by its label.
    Returns the node if found, otherwise None.
    """
11571	The `prune` method removes nodes based on a specified list. If `inverse` is `False`, it removes nodes in the list, but if `inverse` is `True`, it removes nodes not in the list. Nodes to be removed must be leaves and distinct from the root.
11572	Convert polytomies in a tree by inserting additional nodes with zero length, ensuring all non-leaf nodes have exactly two descendants.
11573	Set the name of all non-leaf nodes in the subtree to None
11574	Makes all leaf nodes in the subtree have `None` as their name.
11575	Decorator protecting methods with HTTP authentication.
11576	def dispose(json_str):
    "Clear JS-style comments from a JSON string."
    result_str = list(json_str)
    normal = True
    sl_comment = False
    ml_comment = False
    quoted = False

    for index, char in enumerate(json_str):
        if char == '"':
            quoted = not quoted
        elif char == '\\' and not quoted:
            continue
        elif char == '/' and normal:
            if not sl_comment and not ml_comment:
                sl_comment = True
            elif ml_comment:
                ml_comment = False
        elif char == '*' and sl_comment:
            ml_comment = True
            sl_comment = False
        elif char == '\n' and sl_comment:
            sl_comment = False
        elif char == ']' or char == '}' and not ml_comment:
            _remove_last_comma(result_str, index)

        if sl_comment or ml_comment:
            result_str[index] = ""

    return "".join(result_str)
11577	Raises an exception if a required app setting is missing.
11578	Returns the value of the argument with the given name, throws HTTP 400 if missing and no default provided, returns last value if argument appears more than once, and always returns unicode.
11579	Returns a list of arguments with the given name, decoding and stripping them if specified.
11580	Defers to original callback, wrapping it in a partial if additional arguments are provided.
11581	Gets an cookie value by name, returns default if not found.
11582	Deletes cookie by name
11583	Returns an authentication URL for the service, redirecting to a specified callback URI after authentication. Default attributes are name, email, language, and username, but can be customized with ax_attrs.
11584	Gets OAuth authenticated user and access token on callback. Checks for request token cookie and parses it. Verifies request token matches. Fetches access token using OAuth verifier if provided, then calls callback with authenticated user.
11585	Generates OAuth request parameters as a dictionary, including base args and user-provided parameters, and calculates the appropriate signature based on the OAuth version.
11586	Redirects user to Google for authentication and authorization, redirecting back to specified callback URI
11587	Makes an asynchronous Facebook API call with the given method and arguments, including necessary headers and signature, and processes the response using the provided callback.
11588	Asynchronously handles Facebook user authentication, exchanging a code for an access token and retrieving user information.
11589	def url_concat(url, args):
    """Concatenate url with a dictionary of args, handling existing query params."""
    if not args: return url
    if url[-1] not in ('?', '&'):
        url += '&' if '?' in url else '?'
    return url + urllib.urlencode(args)
11590	Parse a content-type header and extract the main type and options into a dictionary.
11591	Adds a value for a given key, normalizing the key, and appending to existing values if the key already exists.
11592	def get_list(self, name): Normalize the header name and return its values as a list, defaulting to an empty list if not found.
11593	Updates a dictionary with a header line, handling continuations and adding new items.
11594	Converts a string of HTTP headers into a dictionary.
11595	Converts a name to Http-Header-Case by capitalizing words separated by hyphens, storing results in a cache.
11596	Converts a string to UTF-8 encoded bytes, unless it is already a byte string or None.
11597	Converts a string to a unicode string, decoding bytes as utf-8 if necessary.
11598	Converts byte strings to unicode in Python 3.
11599	Walks a simple data structure, converting byte strings to unicode. Supports lists, tuples, and dictionaries.
11600	Ensure no conflicting auth plugins with the same keyword and check metadata availability.
11601	Iterates through all subclasses of a given class in depth-first order using recursion.
11602	Returns a tuple containing the name of the selected policy and the origin to use, based on the matching strategy and input parameters.
11603	Calculate the number of points within a given spacing for each grid point.
11604	Write a GRO file format.
11605	Write a PDB file with a title, atoms, and box.
11606	```plaintext
Determine molecule numbers based on total, absolute, and relative inputs.
```
11607	- Adjust the simulation box dimensions for lipids.
- Modify PBC parameters **in place**.
- Handle relative and absolute lipid counts.
- Ensure sufficient box size information.
- Scale box dimensions based on lipid layout and protein areas.
- Maintain aspect ratio of the box.
11608	Write a basic TOP file. The topology is written in *outpath*. If *outpath* is empty, the topology is written on the standard error, and only molecules added by Insane are displayed. The function handles renaming of molecules and writes the title and molecule list to the output.
11609	Iterate through lines of a resource file in a module, yielding each line as a UTF-8 string.
11610	Send a message to a user, store in cache, and allow multiple messages at different levels.
11611	Sends a message to multiple users at a specified level.
11612	Fetches messages for the given user from cache. Returns the messages if found, and deletes the cache entry afterward. Returns None if no messages are found.
11613	Check for authenticated user messages, add them to the request, and return the response.
11614	This function checks a config.json file for default settings and auth values. It retrieves data and passwords from the config, updates them if necessary, and saves the changes.
11615	Verifies a profile name exists in the config.json file and raises an exception if it doesn't.
11616	Function updates a message's attributes with values from a configuration if the attribute is None.
11617	Retrieves password from config based on message type and profile, setting it in msg.auth.
11618	Updates the config entry for a user's profile with new values from a message, overwriting existing values, and excluding the 'auth' attribute.
11619	Updates config with user-set auth values, overwriting existing ones.
11620	```python
def create_config_profile(msg_type):
    msg_type = msg_type.lower()
    if msg_type not in CONFIG.keys():
        raise UnsupportedMessageTypeError(msg_type)
    display_required_items(msg_type)
    if get_user_ack():
        profile_name = input("Profile Name: ")
        data = get_data_from_user(msg_type)
        auth = get_auth_from_user(msg_type)
        configure_profile(msg_type, profile_name, data, auth)
```
11621	Display configuration requirements for a given message type by printing necessary settings and authorization details.
11622	Prompts the user for input based on configuration settings and returns a dictionary of responses.
11623	get_auth_from_user prompts user for auth details from CONFIG and returns a dictionary of those details.
11624	```plaintext
def configure_profile(msg_type, profile_name, data, auth):
    Writes config entry and auth for a profile.
    ```
11625	Writes settings into config for a specified message type and profile.
11626	Writes the specified authentication parameters into the given configuration instance, formatted under a key derived from the profile and message type.
11627	def _add_attachments(self):
    """Add attachments to message."""
    if self.attachments:
        if not isinstance(self.attachments, list):
            self.attachments = [self.attachments]

        self.message["attachments"] = [{"image_url": url, "author_name": ""} for url in self.attachments]
        if self.params:
            for attachment in self.message["attachments"]:
                attachment.update(self.params)
11628	Constructs a message, sends it via HTTP POST with specified encoding (default JSON), handles potential errors, and prints debugging and confirmation messages.
11629	Constructs a message and sends it either synchronously or asynchronously based on the send_async parameter.
11630	Factory function to create message instances based on type, raising errors for unsupported or invalid inputs.
11631	credential_property is a factory function that returns a property for a given credential attribute. The property has a getter that returns "***obfuscated***" and a setter that stores the value in a private attribute.
11632	A property factory that creates setters with validation for a specific attribute.
11633	validates input based on message type, returns 0 for valid and 1 for invalid
11634	Validates Twilio input. Checks if attribute is 'from_' or 'to' and validates value as a phone number using `validus.isphone`. If attribute is 'attachments', validates value as a URL using `validus.isurl`.
11635	def validate_slackpost(attr, value):
    Validate SlackPost input. Check if attribute is "channel" or "credentials" and ensure value is a string. For "attachments", ensure values are valid URLs.
11636	WhatsApp input validator function.
11637	Creates a coroutine to receive messages and send them using a futures executor with an exception handler.
11638	This method attempts to send a message to a coroutine, raising an exception if the coroutine is not available.
11639	Reads file content and assigns it to body if file is specified in keyword arguments.
11640	Removes None and empty values, and converts some keys to lists
11641	Preprocess message; send using get_body_from_file if file in kwds; trim args; send synchronously.
11642	Lookup chat_id for a username using API if not known.
11643	Sends HTTP POST request with JSON payload to specified method URL. Raises MessageSendError on HTTP error. Prints content type and status if verbose.
11644	Start sending a message and attachments. Construct the message, print debugging info if verbose, send the message, send each attachment if present, and print a completion message.
11645	### Returns SMTP server details based on email address domain or default if not found.
11646	Builds an email by composing its parts, including headers, body, and attachments.
11647	Add email headers to message object.
11648	Creates MIMEText object, sets payload to email body, and attaches it to email message.
11649	def _add_attachments(self):
    """Add required attachments."""
    num_attached = 0
    if self.attachments:
        if isinstance(self.attachments, str):
            self.attachments = [self.attachments]

        for item in self.attachments:
            doc = MIMEApplication(open(item, "rb").read())
            doc.add_header("Content-Disposition", "attachment", filename=item)
            self.message.attach(doc)
            num_attached += 1
    return num_attached
11650	```Start an SMTP session using SSL if the port is 465, or TLS if the port is 587. Log in using the provided credentials and return the session. If login fails, raise a MessageSendError with the SMTP error message.```
11651	Return an SMTP session with SSL context.
11652	Get an SMTP session with TLS by establishing a connection, performing EHLO, starting TLS with a default SSL context, and performing another EHLO before returning the session.
11653	Constructs a message, creates a session, sends the message, and closes the session.
11654	Define a method save to write metadata tags to a file. Check if filename is provided, use default if not. If tags exist, save them to the file with additional keyword arguments. If no tags, raise an error. Include a deprecation warning for using filename parameter.
11655	Releases renderer resources by checking and unloading an image handle, then resets the handle to -1.
11656	Get a rectangular region from the image without copying the data, returning a new Image object.
11657	Validate keys and values. Ensure all keys and values are valid Unicode or UTF-8 strings, raising ValueError if invalid.
11658	Remove all keys from the comment.
11659	Return a string representation of the data with optional framing.
11660	Seek to the data offset and read the specified data size into the data attribute.
11661	Deletes a chunk from a file by removing specified bytes and adjusting the parent chunk's size accordingly.
11662	Updates the size of a chunk, writes the new size to a file, calculates and adjusts the size of the parent chunk if it exists, and updates the chunk's own size and total size.
11663	Inserts a new chunk at the end of the IFF file with the given ID, ensuring it's a valid ASCII string. Updates the file's structure and chunk pointers accordingly.
11664	Saves AIFF file with ID3v2 data, prepending or expanding the 'ID3' chunk as needed.
11665	Checks if a filename is provided, deletes the ID3 chunk from an AIFF file, and clears the object.
11666	Parse a C source file, add its blocks to the processor's list. Reset state, close file input, initialize format, and line numbers. Process each line, handle normal and special formats, collect blocks, and record last lines.
11667	Process a line, check if it starts a new block, add block lines if necessary, update format and line number, and.append line.
11668	If self.lines is not empty, create a SourceBlock with the current lines, append it to self.blocks, reset self.format and self.lines.
11669	Draws a string using a specified font, positioning it at coordinates (x, y) with optional width and height, and alignments for horizontal and vertical positioning.
11670	Parses an ISO 8601 time string into a UTC timezone-aware datetime object. Handles strings with or without milliseconds.
11671	Converts a list of words into a single string of HTML-quoted words, separated by spaces.
11672	def make_html_word(self, word):
    """Analyze word for cross-references and styling, then return HTML."""
    # Check for cross-reference
    if re_crossref.match(word):
        try:
            name, rest = re_crossref.match(word).groups()
            block = self.identifiers[name]
            url = self.make_block_url(block)
            return f'<a href="{url}">{name}</a>{rest}'
        except:
            sys.stderr.write(f"WARNING: undefined cross reference '{name}'.\n")
            return f'?{name}?{rest}'
    
    # Check for italics
    elif re_italic.match(word):
        name, rest = re_italic.match(word).groups()
        return f'<i>{name}</i>{rest}'
    
    # Check for bold
    elif re_bold.match(word):
        name, rest = re_bold.match(word).groups()
        return f'<b>{name}</b>{rest}'
    
    # Return quoted word
    return html_quote(word)
11673	Converts a paragraph of words into tagged HTML, handles xrefs, and replaces straight quotes with smart quotes and tilde with non-breakable space.
11674	convert a code sequence to HTML by enclosing each line with HTML quotes and adding a header and footer
11675	Converts a list of items into valid HTML by iterating through each item and appending either HTML code or paragraphs based on the presence of lines or words.
11676	def save(self, filename):
Saves metadata to a specified file, sorting items, rendering atoms, and updating existing structure or adding a new one.
11677	Update all parent atoms with the new size by seeking to each atom's offset, reading the current size, and writing the updated size back. Handle both 32-bit and 64-bit cases appropriately.
11678	Starts running a game by setting up event handlers for window resizing, key presses, mouse events, and controller interactions.
11679	Register a mapping for controllers by their vendor and product IDs, replacing any existing mapping for unconnected controllers.
11680	def get(cls, controller) Attempts to find a mapping for the given controller based on its vendor and product IDs. If not found, returns None.
11681	Registers a freeform key for MP4 tags, mapping a simple one-to-one relationship between an MP4 freeform atom and a name to an EasyMP4Tags key.
11682	Signs a string using HMAC-SHA256 with the user's secret access key and returns the Base64-encoded digest.
11683	Returns authentication headers for a request to Route53, including a signature created with the user's AWS secret access key.
11684	def send_request(self, path, data, method):
    Sends an outbound request using the specified HTTP method. Returns the response body.
    
    Args:
        path (str): Path to append to the endpoint URL.
        data: Parameters to send with the request, can be a dict or bytes.
        method (str): The HTTP method ('GET', 'POST', 'DELETE').
    
    Returns:
        str: The response body.
11685	Sends a GET request to the Route53 endpoint with the specified path, parameters, and headers. Returns the response body.
11686	Sends a POST request to the Route53 endpoint with the given path, data, and headers, and returns the response body.
11687	Sends a DELETE request to the specified path with the given headers and returns the response body.
11688	Creates an APEv2 tag value based on the specified kind. Converts text values to bytes if necessary and raises errors for invalid kinds.
11689	Sends an HTTP request to the Route53 API using a specified method and data, then parses the response body with lxml's parser and returns the resulting XML element.
11690	def _do_autopaginating_api_call(self, path, params, method, parser_func, next_marker_xpath, next_marker_param_name, next_type_xpath=None, parser_kwargs=None):
    """
    Loop through paginated API responses using specified XPath and parameter names to yield records until no more data is available.
    """
11691	Lists all hosted zones associated with the account in paginated chunks. Yields HostedZone instances as a generator.
11692	Creates a new hosted zone with the specified name, caller reference, and comment, returning the hosted zone and change info.
11693	Lists resource record sets for a hosted zone by ID, supporting pagination and filtering by type, identifier, and name.
11694	```
Sends a POST request to the Route53 API with a ChangeSet to create or update DNS resource records.
```
11695	Draws an image with optional top-left and bottom-right coordinates; calculates native resolution if coordinates are omitted.
11696	```python
Draws a rectangular region from an image at specified texel coordinates to a destination region on the screen.
```
11697	Calculates total frame size by adding initial header size, accommodating packet lengths, and adjusting for incomplete packets.
11698	Replace old pages with new pages within a file, resize and renumber accordingly.
11699	Searches the file object for the last page matching the serial number. For non-muxed streams, starts from the end and reads backwards. For muxed streams, scans the entire file. Returns the last matching page if found, or the best match possible.
11700	Sets the current section during parsing by creating a new section if it doesn't exist or retrieving the existing one.
11701	Adds a new markup section by creating a `DocMarkup` object with the current markup and lines, appends it to the markups list, and resets the markup and lines.
11702	This method processes block content to create a list of DocMarkup objects. It iterates through each line, identifies markup tags, and handles the start and continuation of markup sections. Finally, it returns the list of processed markup sections.
11703	Returns the DocMarkup for a given tag name, or None if the tag is not found.
11704	Constructs an XML string to create a new hosted zone in Route53, optionally adding a comment.
11705	Defensively locks a file object using fcntl if possible; returns True if successful, False otherwise on failure or unsupported systems.
11706	Insert empty bytes into a file at a specified offset. Uses mmap for efficient resizing if possible, falls back to a slow method if mmap fails.
11707	Delete size bytes at offset in file object, using mmap if possible, else copy data and truncate file.
11708	Converts a basestring to a valid UTF-8 str by decoding bytes to str and then encoding back to bytes, or encoding text_type directly to bytes. Raises TypeError for unsupported types.
11709	### Summary:

Appends a 'CREATE' or 'DELETE' action along with a resource record set to the respective list in the change set. Raises an error if the action is not 'CREATE' or 'DELETE'.
11710	Parses a ChangeInfo element to extract request ID, status, and submission time, converting submission time to a datetime object.
11711	Calculates the width of a string in pixels using specified font style.
11712	Checks if the record set has been modified by comparing current values to initial values. Returns True if modified, False otherwise.
11713	Deletes the record set by creating a ChangeSet with a DELETE action and applying it through the connection.
11714	Saves changes to this record set by deleting and recreating it within a change set, then resets modification tracking.
11715	def ParseID3v1(data):
    Parses an ID3v1 tag and returns a dictionary of ID3v2.4 frames. Filters out invalid tags and parses artist, album, title, year, comment, track, and genre information.
11716	Converts ID3v2.4 tags to ID3v1.1 format
11717	Reads 'size' bytes from the file, handling edge cases for invalid sizes and ensuring the read data length matches the requested size. Updates the total read bytes counter.
11718	Delete all tags of a given kind, including those with a prefix. If the exact key is found, delete it. If not, delete all keys that start with the given key followed by a colon.
11719	This method is deprecated and advises using the `add` method instead. It converts 2.2 tags to 2.3/2.4 tags if necessary and then adds the tag to the object using its `HashKey`.
11720	Updates TCON genres and converts APIC and LINK frames for ID3v2.2 compatibility.
11721	Convert old ID3v2 frames to ID3v2.4, update TYER, TDAT, and TIME to TDRC, handle TORY and IPLS tags, and remove certain old tags.
11722	### Unload resources associated with the sound if the handle is valid.
11723	Plays the sound as a one-shot, optionally adjusting volume, panning, and pitch.
11724	Set loop points within a sound using start and end sample numbers. Default loops the entire sound.
11725	def adobe_glyph_values():
  """Parse adobe glyph list and return glyph names and unicode values"""
  lines = adobe_glyph_list.split('\n')
  glyphs = []
  values = []
  for line in lines:
    if line:
      fields = line.split(';')
      subfields = fields[1].split(' ')
      if len(subfields) == 1:
        glyphs.append(fields[0])
        values.append(fields[1])
  return glyphs, values
11726	remove all names in `filter` from `alist` and return the remaining names
11727	Dumps a given encoding to a file as a C array of integers.
11728	dumps an array to a file in C format
11729	Main function reads input file, parses glyph names, generates PostScript code for font encoding, dumps glyph tables, and includes a lookup function for Adobe Glyph List.
11730	Returns 1 if file exists, None if not.
11731	Collects a list of input files from command-line arguments, expands wildcards, and filters out non-existing files.
11732	def parse_hosted_zone(e_zone, connection): Parses a HostedZone XML tag and returns a HostedZone object. Extracts fields from the tag, handles special cases for Config and Id, and uses a mapping to instantiate the HostedZone with the appropriate parameters.
11733	Parses a DelegationSet element to extract nameservers and updates an existing HostedZone instance with the retrieved nameservers.
11734	Parse blocks into byte strings, append length, join results.
11735	Merges FLAC padding blocks by removing them and adding a single padding block with a combined length plus extra bytes for headers.
11736	Deletes Vorbis comments from a file, using the most recently loaded file if none is specified.
11737	Saves metadata blocks to a file, using the most recently loaded filename if none specified. Adjusts padding to fit data, deletes ID3 tags if requested.
11738	Parses an Alias tag from an XML element, extracting the HostedZoneId and DNSName values and returning them as a tuple.
11739	The function extracts and returns the text values from nested elements within a given XML structure representing resource records.
11740	Parse the ResourceRecordSet XML, extract the necessary fields, and instantiate the appropriate subclass with the extracted data.
11741	Deletes the hosted zone, optionally force-deleting all record sets first.
11742	Create a ResourceRecordSet and submit a change request using a convenience method.
11743	The `create_a_record` method creates and returns an A record for a hosted zone, handling various parameters like name, values, TTL, and specific types of record sets (weighted, latency, alias). It uses helper methods to ensure the record is properly created and integrated into the zone.
11744	Creates an AAAA record in a DNS zone, handling various parameters like TTL, weight, region, and set identifier, and returns the created record and change information.
11745	Creates a CNAME record in a hosted zone with specified parameters like name, values, TTL, weight, region, and set_identifier. Returns the newly created CNAMEResourceRecordSet instance and change information.
11746	Creates an MX record with the given name, values, and TTL, returning the newly created MXResourceRecordSet instance and change info.
11747	Creates a NS record attached to this hosted zone with the given name, values, and TTL. Returns a tuple containing the newly created NSResourceRecordSet instance and the change information.
11748	Creates a PTR record in a hosted zone.
11749	Creates an SPF record for a hosted zone with the given name, values, and TTL. Returns the created SPFResourceRecordSet and change information.
11750	Creates an SRV record in a hosted zone with the given name, values, and TTL. Returns a tuple containing the newly created RRSET instance and change information.
11751	```python
Creates a TXT record in a hosted zone with specified parameters, handling deletions and returning the created record and change information.
```
11752	Registers a user-defined TXXX frame key with a description and adds getter, setter, and deleter methods to the class.
11753	For a given change, this method extracts the relevant values for the XML request. If the change is a creation, it retrieves the current values from the resource record set's attributes. If the change is a deletion, it uses the initial values dictionary to match against Route53's current values. Returns a dictionary of the change data.
11754	Creates an XML element for a DNS change, including action, resource record set, and associated details.
11755	Forms an XML string for Route53 to change record sets, including optional comments.
11756	Initialize log file with timestamp, set logging level and format, and log start information.
11757	Returns item by alias.
11758	convert dictionary to sorted tuple by keys
11759	Joins a dictionary of HTML attributes into a formatted string and a list of attribute values.
11760	Initializes a Flask app for use with an extension by subscribing to app context signals and adding a template global.
11761	For each navigation bar in the instance, calls initializers.
11762	Binds a navigation bar to the extension instance with the bar's name as the key.
11763	Returns a dictionary of arguments for ``url_for``. If args is callable, calls it and returns the result as a dictionary. Otherwise, returns args as a dictionary. If args is None, returns an empty dictionary.
11764	The `url` method returns the final URL of a navigation item. It uses the `endpoint` and `args` attributes to generate the URL if the item is internal. If the item is not internal, it returns a pre-set `_url`. Note that the method requires the app context when `SERVER_NAME` is not provided.
11765	Checks if the current request's endpoint and arguments match those of the item, assuming the request is internal.
11766	Checks if a class has 'label' and 'widget' attributes, raising an error if either is missing.
11767	Retrieves a statistic by name, returning all statistics if 'ALL' is specified, or raising an exception if the statistic is not found.
11768	Calculates metrics for registered gadgets using provided statistics and frequencies.
11769	Auto-discover gadgets.py modules in INSTALLED_APPS and fail silently if not present, forcing an import to register any gadgets.
11770	Returns a CSV file with counts and cumulative counts for a specified metric.
11771	Handles the "metrics" command with options to list, calculate, reset, or recalculate statistics based on provided frequencies and flags.
11772	Retrieves the values of a GET array variable, returning as a list or raising an exception if empty and fail_silently is False.
11773	Extracts a boolean value from a request, defaulting to True if not present or invalid.
11774	Retrieves the next colour from a predefined list in a cyclic manner.
11775	Returns default GET parameters for a Geckoboard view request.
11776	Retrieves a number widget for a specified metric's cumulative total or counts, comparing the latest and previous data points.
11777	Function retrieves GET variables for metric UIDs, prints them, calculates max date, filters metrics by UIDs, gets latest counts with specified parameters, and returns results as a tuple of (count, title).
11778	def geckoboard_line_chart(request):
    Retrieves data for a line chart based on a given metric. Filters metric statistics, checks for data, and returns counts and dates.
11779	This method retrieves parameters from a request, fetches a metric object based on those parameters, and returns the latest count of the metric along with minimum and maximum values.
11780	def geckoboard_funnel(request, frequency=settings.STATISTIC_FREQUENCY_DAILY):
    """
    Returns a funnel chart for specified metrics from GET variables.
    """
    
    params = get_gecko_params(request, cumulative=True)
    metrics = Metric.objects.filter(uid__in=params['uids'])
    items = [(metric.latest_count(frequency=params['frequency'], count=not params['cumulative'],
        cumulative=params['cumulative']), metric.title) for metric in metrics]
    
    return {
        'items'     : items,
        'type'      : params['type'],
        'percentage': params['percentage'],
        'sort'      : params['sort'],
    }
11781	Collects active statistics from registered gadgets.
11782	Registers a gadget object, raising AlreadyRegistered if it's already registered.
11783	Returns the context for a view, including gadget registry, columns, rows, and ratios.
11784	Prints an error message to stderr and exits the program with a specified code.
11785	Decorator to validate data against a schema, raising exceptions if validation fails.
11786	Get multi-line input from user, ending with EOF or blank line. Optionally limit lines and length. Return collected lines as a string.
11787	Get list of strings as input from user, allowing optional maximum items and/or length. Continues until EOF is encountered or max items reached.
11788	Prompts user for a filename and ensures it has the correct extension. Handles existing and non-existing files, allowing the user to choose whether to overwrite or create the file. Continues to prompt until a valid file is obtained.
11789	Retrieve and parse schedule table for a given year into a DataFrame
11790	Returns winning team ID or None for tie.
11791	Returns the year ID of the season based on the game date, subtracting 1 for January through March and returning the current year for April through December.
11792	Returns a DataFrame of starters from PFR, with columns for player ID,Name, position, team, home status, and offense status.
11793	Retrieves the game surface from a table on a webpage; returns a string representing the surface type or np.nan if not available.
11794	Retrieves the coin toss information from a game's document, returning a dictionary with the winning team's ID and whether they deferred the toss. Returns None if the information is not available.
11795	Extracts weather information from a game's HTML document and returns it as a dictionary. Parses temperature, wind chill, relative humidity, and wind speed. Handles cases where weather data is not available, returning default values.
11796	Returns a dictionary of ref positions and IDs from the "officials" table in the document.
11797	Returns a DataFrame of game schedules for a given season, filtering by regular season, playoffs, or both.
11798	### Method Summary:

The `standings` method gathers standings data from basketball references and organizes it into a DataFrame. It extracts standings from East and West tables, sorts them by wins, assigns seeds, and merges additional details from an expanded standings table. The final DataFrame includes team standings, seeds, and other useful information.
11799	Extracts a team stats table using a selector, parses it into a DataFrame, and sets the team_id as the index.
11800	Retrieves a DataFrame with information about ROY voting from a specified URL using the BeautifulSoup library.
11801	Extracts the linescore table from a sports reference page and returns it as a DataFrame.
11802	Determines the season year based on the game's date, returning the year of the following season if the month is September or later.
11803	get player stats from game; format string with team ID; retrieve data, clean, and add features; return concatenated DataFrame
11804	Decorator that switches to a specified directory before executing a function and returns to the original directory afterward.
11805	Caches the HTML returned by a specified function `func` using the appdirs package for the user cache directory. Generates a hash based on the URL, checks if the cache file exists and is valid, and either reads from the cache or executes the function and caches the results.
11806	-def get_class_instance_key(cls, args, kwargs):
-    Creates a unique identifier for a class instantiation by combining the class, arguments, and keyword arguments.
11807	A decorator for memoizing functions. Only works on functions with simple arguments. Checks if memoization is enabled, then caches results to avoid redundant computations.
11808	Calculates the age of a player in years on a given date based on their birthdate extracted from a document.
11809	Gets stats table from player page; helper function for per-game, per-100-poss, etc. stats.
11810	```python
Returns DataFrame of per-game box score stats.
```
11811	Returns a DataFrame of total box score statistics by season.
11812	Returns a DataFrame of per-36-minutes stats based on the specified kind and summary option.
11813	This method returns a DataFrame of per-100-possession statistics.
11814	Returns a DataFrame of advanced stats.
11815	Returns a DataFrame of shooting stats based on the given 'kind' and 'summary' parameters.
11816	Returns a DataFrame of play-by-play stats based on the specified kind and summary options.
11817	Retrieves a player's basic game-by-game stats for a season, optionally for regular season or playoffs, and returns them as a DataFrame.
11818	Handle session data, delete and display its value. If value not found, display message.
11819	Expand details column, parse play details, clean unmatched details, merge with original, add isError column, fill NaNs, apply cleaning/features.
11820	Adds 'team' and 'opp' columns to a DataFrame by iterating through rows, determining possession, and filling in missing values.
11821	Adds extra features to a DataFrame based on teams with and without possession, including distance to goal, win probability (WP) and win probability adjusted (WPA) for each team.
11822	Calculates the initial win probability of a game given its Vegas line, considering both winning and tying scenarios.
11823	Gets yearly passing stats for the player.
11824	Calls doc to retrieve the page, uses CSS selector to find the table, parses the table into a list of years, and returns that list.
11825	Returns the full name of a franchise given its team ID by parsing the main document and extracting the relevant header words.
11826	def boxscores(self, year):
    Get box scores for a given year.
    :param year: The year for which to retrieve the box scores.
    :return: Numpy array of box score IDs.
11827	Retrieve a PyQuery object from a page's meta div, filtering by a keyword.
11828	Gets head coach data by game for a given season, returning an array of coach IDs in the order of games played.
11829	Extracts and processes season schedule data from a web page for a given year, returning a DataFrame with game details, outcomes, and other statistics.
11830	Retrieves the coach ID for the team's Offensive Coordinator in a specified year. Returns the coach ID as a string or None if not found.
11831	Retrieves the coach ID for the team's Defensive Coordinator in a given year.
11832	Returns the stadium ID for a given year by extracting it from the team's year information on a webpage.
11833	def off_scheme(self, year): Returns offensive scheme name for given year, else None.
11834	Retrieves and parses the defensive alignment for a given year from a query result.
11835	Retrieves a DataFrame of offensive team splits for a given season by parsing tables from a webpage document using the `get_year_doc` method and `parse_table` utility.
11836	Fetches HTML from a URL after throttling to avoid excessive requests, raises an error for 4xx status codes, and removes HTML comments.
11837	Flattens relative URLs within text of a table cell to IDs and returns the result. If no text, returns None. Removes 'span.note' elements before processing.
11838	def rel_url_to_id(url): Parses a relative URL and extracts a unique ID based on the URL's path. Uses regular expressions to match different URL formats and return the corresponding ID. Returns the extracted ID or a WARNING message if no match is found.
11839	Converts keyword arguments to a query string for use in PSF, handling various data types and key transformations.
11840	Process reads data from an HDF5 file in chunks, writes to a circular buffer, and handles cyclic and non-cyclic reading. Sync object ensures ordered writes if specified.
11841	Enables direct access to the buffer element, blocking until room is available for writing. Returns a guard object that manages the access and maintains the buffer's state.
11842	Waits for data to be available in the buffer and returns a guard object to access the buffer element.
11843	Signal that no more data can be put into the queue by adding a QueueClosed object to both the read and write queues.
11844	Reads a block of data from an HDF5 file node. Determines the length to read based on input and file properties. Returns a copy of the requested data as a numpy array. Handles cases where the node is empty or not chunked.
11845	Get the remainder elements of a dataset in an HDF5 file using a specified block size, and return them as a numpy array.
11846	Get a queue for accessing a dataset, reading it in parallel with background processes. The queue allows direct access to an internal buffer. Adjusts block_size based on dataset properties and number of processes. Can handle cyclic and ordered data reading. Returns a queue object for accessing the buffer.
11847	Returns a generator that iterates over rows in a dataset, implementing a standard access pattern for a direct access queue. It also includes handling for remaining elements after the dataset is exhausted.
11848	Open input stream in binary mode, read data, parse it using protobuf message class, and yield parsed objects.
11849	Open a file or use a file-like object, and write multiple protobuf message objects to it in binary mode.
11850	Reads a variable-length integer from a file handle, decodes it, and returns the integer.
11851	.read_varint to determine the count of objects. Yields each object by reading its size and data. Optionally handles group delimiters.
11852	Close the stream by flushing and closing the file descriptor if it exists.
11853	Writes one or more protobuf objects to a file, buffering them until the buffer size is exceeded or the objects are explicit flushed.
11854	Write buffer to file, encode count, and serialize objects.
11855	Returns joined game directory path relative to Steamapps, with or without username, and adjusts for WIN32/CYGWIN environments.
11856	Emulates user input by sending a key-down event for the first character and then the rest of the text, followed by a key-up event to release the key.
11857	Generates a 2D fake fluorescence movie with specified parameters.
11858	```python
Evaluates traits, returning descriptions of those not true. Eager evaluation returns immediately on first false trait; lazy evaluation collects all before returning.
```
11859	Waits until a condition is True or returns a non-None value, raising a TimeoutException if it times out.
11860	Waits for a specified element to have all traits present within a timeout period. If any trait is missing, it logs the missing traits and retries until all traits are met or the timeout is reached. Raises a TimeoutException if not all traits are present within the timeout.
11861	Sets and returns `self` with a list of exceptions to be ignored in the wait loop.
11862	Executes the 'main volume' command with the specified operator and value, returning the result as an integer or None if an error occurs.
11863	Executes `main.source` command with the given `operator` and `value`, returning the result as an integer if successful; otherwise, returns `None`
11864	Send a command string to the amplifier, attempt to connect, send the message, and optionally read the reply.
11865	The status method retrieves and parses device status from a reply by sending specific commands. It returns a dictionary containing the volume level (0-200), power state (bool), muted state (bool), and source (str).
11866	Check device status, turn off if powered on, avoid hangs during already off state.
11867	Check device status; if off, send power-on command and wait.
11868	Set volume level (0-200), convert to hex, and send command.
11869	Selects a source from a list if the device is powered on and the selected source is different from the current one.
11870	This method decrypts a URL using a secret key and IV, then resolves the decrypt URL to a view function. It fixes up the request environment, copies missing attributes, marks the request as obfuscated, and returns the response. If a juice filename is provided, it sets the appropriate Content-Disposition header. If any decryption or resolution errors occur, it returns an HttpResponseNotFound.
11871	def _crc(plaintext):
    Converts plaintext to bytes if necessary, then calculates crc32 checksum, and ensures the result is within the range of a 32-bit integer.
11872	Function obfuscates text using encryption and optional SEO juice, then returns URL.
11873	This method uses BeautifulSoup to parse HTML and prints a list of downloadable songs when a specified song name is not found.
11874	def list_of_all_href(self,html):
  'Returns all hyper links from a given HTML page.'
  soup = BeautifulSoup(html)
  a_list = soup.findAll('a', 'touch')
  links = []
  for a in a_list[:-1]:
    link = a.get('href')
    name = str(a)
    name = re.sub(r'<(a|span).*>|</(a|span)>|<font.*">.*?</font>', '', name)
    name = re.sub(r'^[0-9]+\.', '', name)
    links.append([link, name])
  return links
11875	Determines if the input HTML contains a specific song name by searching for download options in 48, 128, or 320 kbps. Returns `True` if a song name is found, or `False` along with the download link if a valid option is available.
11876	Parses a song page to find download links based on the specified flag. If the flag is False, it searches for download options in a given HTML response. If the flag is True, it checks if a specific song name is present and returns a list of all download links or downloads the song directly.
11877	It constructs a Google search URL by combining the song name and website terms.
11878	The method `parse_google` parses a Google HTML response to extract the first URL. It uses BeautifulSoup to find the necessary elements, extracts the href attribute, processes it to remove unnecessary characters, and returns the clean URL.
11879	Parses song name and website to extract and return the URL for music file download.
11880	Download the HTML page at the specified URL and return the response content, handling SSL errors by disabling verification and gracefully exiting on other exceptions.
11881	It downloads a file specified by a URL using the requests module.
11882	It will download a file using the wget utility, handling potential errors with retries and a timeout.
11883	Send a GET request to an API to find station codes for a given city using an API token. Return station codes if the request is successful and the API status is "ok"; otherwise, return an empty list.
11884	Retrieves observations for given latitude and longitude using an API, returning parsed data if successful.
11885	Decodes a JSON response from AQICN into a Python object, extracting relevant data including index, city, AQI, dominant pollutant, time, and IAQI details.
11886	Make an HTTP GET request to retrieve station data for a given station code and token. Parse the response if successful; otherwise, return an empty dictionary.
11887	Method to return a list of logical paths used to search for an asset. If the path does not end with 'index', it appends a path with 'index' and the original suffix to the list.
11888	Returns a list of compilers used to build asset. Compilers are retrieved using `self.environment.compilers.get` method with extensions from `self.compiler_extensions`.
11889	Fetches the MIME type based on the asset's format extension, defaults to the compiler's MIME type, or returns 'application/octet-stream' if neither is available.
11890	Determine the implicit MIME type of an asset by iterating through its compilers in reverse order and returning the result mimetype of the first compiler with one. If no compiler has a result mimetype, return None.
11891	Iterates over mimetypes in the environment, returns the extension that matches the compiler's mimetype, otherwise returns None.
11892	Registers a processor for a given MIME type. Adds the processor to the list of processors for the MIME type if it's not already registered.
11893	Remove the specified processor for the given MIME type from the registry if it exists.
11894	Lazily computes and returns the list of search paths by combining the paths from all registered finders with a paths property.
11895	Registers default compilers, preprocessors, and MIME types.
11896	Attempts to load IDA's Qt bindings first, falling back to the default Qt installation if not running under IDA. Raises ImportError if neither PySide nor PyQt is available.
11897	Get metadata netnode from IDB
11898	Add a plugin name to the current IDB's registered plugins list, ensuring it's only added once.
11899	Remove a plugin name from the registered list in the IDB.
11900	Reads settings from an INI file using QSettings and stores them in the given settings instance.
11901	Outputs the contents of an IDA settings instance to an INI file at the specified path.
11902	Returns an IDASettingsInterface instance for the current plugin with directory scope. If _config_directory is None, ensures IDA is loaded.
11903	Yield unique keys from multiple scopes while handling permissions.
11904	Returns a response for a given exception, handling REST framework, Django, and custom exceptions.
11905	Connects to DynamoDB using provided authentication, retrieves a table by name, and returns a Table object with eager loading enabled.
11906	Returns a list of tables for the given user, using optional authentication and eager loading.
11907	Fetch packages and summaries from Crates.io based on category and return a generator of items.
11908	Extracts an ID from an item. If the item is a crate, returns its ID as a string. Otherwise, returns the timestamp of the fetched date as a string.
11909	Extracts the 'updated_at' or 'fetched_on' timestamp from an item, converts it to UNIX timestamp format.
11910	Fetches and parses the owner team of a crate using the crate ID.
11911	Fetch crate owner user by ID.
11912	Fetches crate versions data by retrieving and parsing the raw versions information from the client.
11913	Get crate version downloads by fetching the "downloads" attribute from the crate using the client and returning the parsed JSON response.
11914	Fetch crate data by ID, parse raw response to JSON, and return crate object.
11915	Fetches and returns the summary of crates using the Crates.io API.
11916	Fetches paginated crates from an API endpoint in alphabetical order
11917	Retrieve a crate by its ID using the API.
11918	Fetch and return crate attribute data
11919	Fetches items from Crates.io API using pagination, yields raw content, and stops when all pages are fetched.
11920	Fetches questions from a Kitsune URL with optional category and offset, returning a generator of questions.
11921	Fetches questions from a specific category using an API, handles pagination and errors, and yields the questions.
11922	Retrieve questions updated from oldest to newest, starting from the specified offset.
11923	Fetches items from a ReMo URL based on a given category and offset, returning a generator of items. Uses a default offset if none is provided.
11924	Extracts the update time from a ReMo item and converts it to a UNIX timestamp.
11925	The function `metadata_category` extracts the category of a ReMo item based on unique fields. If the item contains 'estimated_attendance', it is categorized as 'event'. If it contains 'activity', it is categorized as 'activity'. If it contains 'first_name', it is categorized as 'user'. Otherwise, it raises a `TypeError`.
11926	Retrieve items from a specified category using pagination.
11927	Raises AttributeError if in AIOBLOCK_MODE_POLL mode; otherwise returns the current buffer list.
11928	The IO priority for this instance is determined by checking if the `IOCB_FLAG_IOPRIO` flag is set in the `u.c.flags` attribute of the `_iocb` object. If it is set, the method returns the value from `aio_reqprio`; otherwise, it returns `None`.
11929	Cancels pending IO blocks. Waits for non-cancellable IO blocks to finish. De-initialises AIO context.
11930	Submits IO blocks to the kernel using `io_submit`, updates internal state with submission statuses, and returns the count of successfully submitted blocks.
11931	Cancel an IO block, returning cancelled block's event data or None if EINPROGRESS.
11932	Cancel all submitted IO blocks, waiting for finalization. Returns results of individual cancellations.
11933	Takes arguments for minimum number of events, maximum number of events, and timeout. Waits for events based on these parameters. Returns a list of 3-tuples with completed AIOBlock instance and file-object-dependent values.
11934	Fetch events from MozillaClub URL. Return a generator of events.
11935	Retrieve all cells from the spreadsheet by calling the API and returning the raw text response.
11936	Parses MozillaClub spreadsheet feed cells JSON, extracts events, validates data, and yields valid events while counting and logging wrong events.
11937	List export formats for a given record type, caching the result.
11938	Initialize the permission factory if not already set, then return it.
11939	The function `create_blueprint` initializes an Invenio-Records-UI blueprint and configures it with error handling for tombstones and a context processor for export formats. It also sets up URL routes based on the provided endpoints.
11940	Creates a Werkzeug URL rule for an endpoint, handling persistent identifier resolution, permissions, and views.
11941	```python
def record_view(pid_value, resolver, template, permission_factory, view_method, **kwargs):
    Resolve PID and record.
    Check permissions.
    Call view_method.
    Returns tuple of PID and record.
    Handles exceptions like 404, 500, and redirects.
```
11942	Sends record_viewed signal and renders template
11943	def export(pid, record, template=None, **kwargs):
    Formats = current_app.config.get('RECORDS_UI_EXPORT_FORMATS', {}).get(pid.pid_type)
    fmt = formats.get(request.view_args.get('format'))

    if fmt is False:
        abort(410)
    elif fmt is None:
        abort(404)
    else:
        serializer = obj_or_import_string(fmt['serializer'])
        data = serializer.serialize(pid, record)
        if isinstance(data, six.binary_type):
            data = data.decode('utf8')

        return render_template(
            template, pid=pid, record=record, data=data,
            format_title=fmt['title'],
        )
11944	Let it calculate the execution duration of the provided callable and send the metric.
11945	def close(self) -> None:
    """Closes the socket and frees system resources. Subsequent operations will fail. Duplicate calls have no effect."""
11946	Remove client from the socket's users list and close if no clients remain.
11947	Increment a Counter metric by the specified count and rate if allowed.
11948	Sends a Timer metric with the specified duration in milliseconds if it meets the send rate criteria.
11949	Calculates and sends the duration in milliseconds of an operation since a start time.
11950	Gauge the value of a metric, sending it if the rate allows and the value is numeric.
11951	Sends a GaugeDelta metric to change a Gauge by a specified value, filters based on rate.
11952	Send a Set metric with a unique value, optionally with a rate.
11953	Buffers metric data by adding it to the last batch for storage.
11954	Return a configured batch client with the same settings as the current client, using the specified batch size.
11955	Return a client with the same settings as the batch client.
11956	def flush(self):  
    Send buffered metrics in batch requests by sending each batch to a remote address and then removing it from the buffer.
11957	A method `my_permission_factory` creates a dynamic permission checker class with a `can` method that checks if a record's access level is 'open'.
11958	Return a TCP batch client with same settings, configured with a specified size.
11959	Sends buffered metrics in TCP batch requests.
11960	Creates a TCPClient with the same settings as the batch TCP client and returns it.
11961	Creates a shortcut for creating users, with options to specify permissions, groups, and user attributes like active status, superuser privileges, and staff status.
11962	Attempts to convert Python objects into OpenMath objects. Handles various types including integers, floats, strings, functions, and custom wrapped objects. Raises an error for unsupported types.
11963	def convertAsOpenMath(term, converter): Converts a term into OpenMath. Uses an internal converter or falls back to the interpretAsOpenMath method.
11964	Converts OpenMath object to Python. Uses overrides, handles symbols, applications, and raises error for unsupported classes.
11965	Convert Python object to OpenMath by iterating over converter functions and applying them if the object matches the converter's class. If no match found, use `__openmath__` method if available, otherwise raise ValueError.
11966	Registers a Python class to an OpenMath converter.
11967	Registers a conversion from OpenMath to Python. Accepts either a subclass of `OMAny` and a conversion function, or a content dictionary, a symbol name, and an optional converter. Updates internal conversion dictionaries accordingly.
11968	Initializes Redis with app object and sets default configuration, then registers a request handler.
11969	Generates a list of keys from a dictionary, where each key can be nested within a list or tuple.
11970	Splits keyword arguments into model fields and subfields.
11971	Registers a form field data function. Can be used as a decorator.
11972	Generates the lowest value using a registered function based on the provided field type, raising a TypeError if no match is found.
11973	Function that processes form defaults, extracting data and files based on provided keyword arguments and form class fields.
11974	Determines if a field is required and randomizes the return value.
11975	function to randomly select a choice from field.choices
11976	Generate random decimal value within the constraints of a Django DecimalField, considering validators and precision parameters.
11977	Generates a random email address within specified length constraints
11978	Returns a random date string for a DateField, within specified or default date range, formatted as per the field's input formats.
11979	Return a random date-time string within a specified range, formatted according to the field's input formats.
11980	Returns a random floating-point number as a string for a FloatField, constrained by validators and customizable precision.
11981	Returns a random string representation of an integer within the specified range or default range (100-200).
11982	Generate a random time value as a string based on the input formats of a TimeField.
11983	Return a random value from the choices of a form field as a string
11984	Return random value(s) from a MultipleChoiceField's choices as a space-separated string. If no choices, return 'None'.
11985	Return random item from first ten of field queryset, or raise TypeError if none available
11986	Encodes an OpenMath element to bytes using XML encoding.
11987	Deploy the app to PYPI after a successful test.
11988	Deploy a version tag using git and push it to the repository.
11989	Decorator to conditionally return None if a field is considered blank under certain conditions.
11990	Def原型模块导入并返回全局对象
11991	Initialize `inst` from `state` using `__setstate__` if available, otherwise update `__dict__` and set attributes from `state` and `slotstate` if provided.
11992	Converts a list of OM objects into an OMApplication representing a Python list.
11993	Converts a list of OM objects into an OMApplication representing a tuple
11994	Decodes PackBit encoded data by interpreting header bytes to expand or append data accordingly.
11995	Pseudo-code: 
1. def encode(data): 
2. result = bytearray() 
3. pos = 0 
4. state = 'RAW' 
5. while pos < len(data)-1: 
6. if data[pos] == data[pos+1]: 
7. if state == 'RAW': 
8. finish_raw() 
9. state = 'RLE' 
10. repeat_count = 1 
11. elif state == 'RLE': 
12. if repeat_count == MAX_LENGTH: 
13. finish_rle() 
14. repeat_count = 0 
15. repeat_count += 1 
16. else: 
17. if state == 'RLE': 
18. repeat_count += 1 
19. finish_rle() 
20. state = 'RAW' 
21. repeat_count = 0 
22. elif state == 'RAW': 
23. if len(buf) == MAX_LENGTH: 
24. finish_raw() 
25. buf.append(current_byte) 
26. pos += 1 
27. if state == 'RAW': 
28. buf.append(data[pos])
11996	Rounds a float value to a specified precision, addressing binary rounding issues.
11997	Format a number with comma-separated thousands and custom precision/decimal places. Localise by overriding precision and separators. Handle list inputs recursively.
11998	Formats a number into currency according to specified options. Uses default settings or overrides from input.
11999	Convert a blosc packed numpy array to a numpy array.
12000	Compresses a numpy array using blosc and returns the compressed data as bytes.
12001	Adds a workspace entry to the user config file if it doesn't exist. Raises an error if the path doesn't exist or if the workspace already exists.
12002	Method to remove a workspace from a configuration file, raises an error if the workspace does not exist. Removes the workspace and updates the configuration file.
12003	List all workspaces and return a dictionary with workspace names and their details.
12004	Retrieve workspace information by name, return None if not found.
12005	def repository_exists(self, workspace, repo):
    """Return True if workspace contains the given repository."""
    if not self.exists(workspace): return False
    return repo in self.list()[workspace]["repositories"]
12006	Synchronizes workspace repositories by listing directory contents, updating repository paths, logging names in blue, and saving the updated configuration.
12007	Clone a repository using a URL and path, selecting the appropriate adapter based on URL prefix.
12008	Checks if the installed version of ndio is outdated and prompts to update if a newer version is available
12009	Converts a boolean numpy array to a list of voxel coordinates.
12010	Converts a list of voxel coordinates to an ndarray, setting the corresponding indices to 1.
12011	def execute(self, args):
    """Execute update subcommand."""
    if args.name:
        self.print_workspace(args.name)
    elif args.all:
        self.print_all()
12012	Prints a repository update message in green, updates the repository, and handles any repository errors by logging them.
12013	Sets up a console handler for logging. If debug mode is off, sets the log level to INFO. Uses a specific formatter.
12014	Executes a command using subprocess.Popen, captures stdout and stderr, logs output and errors, and returns the process object.
12015	loads a png file into a numpy array
12016	Saves a numpy array or binary PNG string to a PNG file, expanding the filename to be absolute. Returns the expanded filename. Raises ValueError if save fails.
12017	-save_collection exports a numpy array to a set of PNG files
-takes a filename template and numpy array as inputs
-saves each Z-index 2D array as its own 2D file
-returns a list of filenames for the saved PNG files
12018	Prints workspace status by finding paths for a given name and printing their status, or logs an error if no matches are found.
12019	Prints the status of a repository, logging the name and path in green, and handling any errors encountered.
12020	Gets the xyz block size for a given token at a specified or minimum resolution.
12021	Uploads zyx data to a remote server using Blosc compression and returns True if successful.
12022	Load a TIFF file into a numpy array，默认路径会被展开成绝对路径若读取失败则抛出异常
12023	Save a numpy array to a TIFF file, expanding the filename and handling exceptions.
12024	Load a multipage TIFF file into a single 3D array with dimensions x, y, z, using a specified data type.
12025	Writes config as YAML to file.
12026	Clones a repository from the given URL into the specified path using the executable command.
12027	Retrieve version from "yoda" package using pkg_resources
12028	Function `mix_and_match` combines positional arguments `name` and `greeting` with a keyword argument `yell`. It constructs a greeting string and prints it either in uppercase (if `yell` is True) or lowercase (if False).
12029	Decorator to print customized greeting messages with or without yelling.
12030	Requests a list of next-available IDs from the server based on the given token, channel, and quantity. Returns a list of IDs.
12031	Merges two RAMON objects and optionally deletes the second object after merging.
12032	This method `propagate` checks if a token already has a specific propagation status, constructs a URL with the token and channel, sends a request to the remote server to update the propagation status to 1, and raises an error if the request fails. If successful, it returns `True`.
12033	Lists, retrieves, and returns projects associated with a given dataset name.
12034	Retrieves dataset info by name, raises error if not found
12035	Lists datasets in resources, retrieving either all public datasets in the cloud or the user's public datasets based on the `get_global_public` parameter. Returns datasets in JSON format if successful, raises an error if not found.
12036	Input:
Define a method `parse` to add a "show" subcommand parser with options to show details for all workspaces or a specific workspace by name.

Output:
Adds a "show" subcommand parser with mutually exclusive options to display details for all workspaces or a specific workspace by name.
12037	Executes `show_workspace` with name converted from slashes to dashes if `args.name` is provided, or executes `show_all` if `args.all` is provided.
12038	Show specific workspace details, including path and number of repositories. If workspace does not exist, raise ValueError. Log workspace information and list repositories with their paths and source control management systems (SCMs).
12039	```python
Show details for all workspaces by iterating through them and calling show_workspace for each, separation by double newlines.
```
12040	Constructs the full URL by combining the protocol, hostname, and optional endpoint, ensuring the endpoint starts with a slash. Returns the base URL as a string.
12041	Guesses data type from file extension by checking FILE_FORMATS dictionary. Returns format string if unique, otherwise returns False for ambiguity or non-existent extension.
12042	Reads a file from disk, opening it with the specified format or inferring it from the file extension. Returns a numpy.ndarray for image formats like PNG, JPG, TIFF, or JPEG; raises an error for other formats.
12043	Converts an input file to an output file, handling different data formats through guessing or explicit specification.
12044	This method `build_graph` constructs a graph using the graph-services endpoint. It accepts various parameters such as project, site, subject, session, scan, and options like size, email, invariants, and callback. It validates the input parameters, raises `ValueError` if any invalid or inappropriate values are provided, and constructs a URL to form the request. If `use_threads` is set to True, it runs the download in a separate thread and calls the `callback` upon completion; otherwise, it runs the download in the foreground and returns the HTTP response. If an error occurs during the download, it raises `RemoteDataNotFoundError`.
12045	Computes invariants from a GraphML file using remote grute services. Handles arguments, validates inputs, constructs URL, checks file existence, and runs computation in either foreground or background based on 'use_threads' parameter. Raises errors for invalid inputs or issues with the graph file.
12046	Converts graph format and handles threads and callbacks.
12047	Converts a list of RAMON objects to a dictionary, indexed by ID, optionally flattening the data.
12048	Determines the class type based on the input type, handling both Python 2 and 3.
12049	Deletes a channel by name, associated project, and dataset. Returns True if successful, False if not.
12050	Adds a new dataset to the ingest with parameters for name, image size, voxel resolution, offset, time range, scaling levels, and scaling method.
12051	Converts dataset, project, metadata, and channel_list into an ND JSON object, then serializes it to a string.
12052	Creates a dataset dictionary with provided parameters, including optional attributes.
12053	Generate a project dictionary with provided parameters, excluding None values.
12054	Generates a project dictionary with the given project name, token name, and public status. Sets token_name to project_name if not provided.
12055	Identify the size of an image based on its type and path.
12056	def put_data(self, data):
    Try to post JSON data to the server at 'autoIngest/' URL.
    Handle exceptions by raising OSError with status code if request fails.
12057	The method `find_path` takes a workspace/repo name and a configuration dictionary as input. It returns the path(s) of the specified workspace and/or repository. If the name contains a '/', it extracts the workspace and repository names and checks if they exist in the configuration. If the name is a workspace name, it returns the path if `wsonly` is True or all repository paths if False. If the name is a repository name, it returns its path.
12058	Gets public tokens from the server via an API call.
12059	Fetches project info using a token and returns it as JSON.
12060	Inserts metadata into OCP metadata database using a token. Raises error if token is already populated or secret key is invalid. Returns inserted ID or error message.
12061	def get_url(self, url):
    try:
        req = requests.get(url, headers={'Authorization': 'Token {}'.format(self._user_token)}, verify=False)
        if req.status_code == 403:
            raise ValueError("Access Denied")
        return req
    except requests.exceptions.ConnectionError as e:
        if str(e) == '403 Client Error: Forbidden':
            raise ValueError('Access Denied')
        else:
            raise e
12062	Sends a POST request to the given URL with optional token, JSON, or data payload, and custom headers. Returns a Post request object. Authentication is handled with the provided token or the instance's user token. JSON or data must be provided, but not both. SSL verification is disabled.
12063	It constructs and returns a DELETE request object for the given URL with optional authentication token and skips SSL verification.
12064	Opens an HDF5 file, extracts data from the 'cutout' dataset within 'image', and returns it as a numpy array.
12065	Function to export a numpy array to an HDF5 file, expanding the filename and handling exceptions. Returns the absolute filename of the saved HDF5 file.
12066	Adds a character matrix to a DendroPy tree and infers gaps using Fitch's algorithm.
12067	Calls `map` to shift the recover execution to `flat_map_nvim_io`
12068	Import jingo's environment and install custom gettext and ngettext functions.

Output:
```
Import jingo's environment and install custom gettext and ngettext functions.
```
12069	Acquires a lock, executes a function, updates state, releases the lock, and returns a response.
12070	Calculate a percentage of a part over a total, rounding to one decimal place, and handle division by zero by returning 0.
12071	Get cache stats for a specific server or all servers.
12072	Retrieves slab information for a specified server or all servers. Returns a dictionary mapping server names to slab details. If a specific server name is provided, returns only its slab details.
12073	Def adds admin global context for Django 1.7 compatibility.
12074	Return server status data in an HTML response.
12075	Displays the memcache dashboard or an error if unable to connect, using cached statistics if available.
12076	Display server statistics for a given server.
12077	Displays server slabs using a template.
12078	Converts a byte value to a human-readable format (GB, MB, KB, or B)
12079	Find a config in `children` by checking for a named `'config'` keyword, then iterating through other keywords and directory `_children` for instances of `Config`. Return the first found config, preferring `named_config`.
12080	The `add` method takes keyword arguments, creating either `Directory` objects or other types of objects, and adds them to the environment with configurations and preparations applied.
12081	Replace any config tokens in the file's path with values from the config.
12082	Return the relative path to the file based on its parent's path, or the file's path if it has no parent.
12083	Open file and read contents.
12084	write data to file using open() with specified mode
12085	Configures the Python logging module by setting up a file handler, potentially with a custom formatter, and adding it to specified loggers or the root logger if none are specified.
12086	Check if file exists, create if not, raise exception if exists.
12087	Replace any config tokens with values from the config for the current path and its children.
12088	Return the path to this directory by joining with parent path, base, and path attributes.
12089	Remove directory recursively if specified, or try to remove it non-recursively. Raises exception if error occurs and ignore_error is False.
12090	If the create flag is set, the directory is created. Then, for each child, the environment is set, and prepare is called recursively.
12091	The cleanup method iterates through children, calls their cleanup, and removes the directory if the cleanup flag is set.
12092	Join the current directory path with the given path.
12093	List the directory contents using `os.listdir` and create File objects.
12094	Write data to a file in the directory using the specified mode.
12095	Reads a file from the directory and returns its contents.
12096	Adds objects to the directory using both positional and keyword arguments. Handles both `File` objects and strings, converting strings to `File` objects and adding them to the directory. If a single object is added, returns that object.
12097	Save the state to a file using YAML format.
12098	Check if file exists, read it, replace tabs with spaces, and load YAML into object.
12099	Remove the saved state file if it exists.
12100	Loads plugins from a specified directory, recursively traversing subdirectories, and dynamically loading Python modules that contain a subclass of the Plugin class.
12101	Recursively merges values from a nested dictionary into another nested dictionary.
12102	Create a child ConfigNode object with a relative path
12103	Determines the last container and component in a key path by traversing a nested data structure, optionally creating intermediate containers if specified.
12104	Get the value from a node using a path, returning the value if found, or None if not.
12105	Updates configuration with new data or options. Handles CherryPy-style option updates and merges data into the existing configuration.
12106	```python
def load(self, reload=False):
    """
    Load config and defaults from files.
    """
    if reload or not self._loaded:
        # Load defaults from file if exists
        if self._defaults_file:
            defaults = yaml.safe_load(self._defaults_file.read().replace('\t', '    '))
        else:
            defaults = {}

        # Load data from file if file exists
        if self.exists:
            data = yaml.safe_load(self.read().replace('\t', '    '))
        else:
            data = {}

        # Initialize with loaded data and apply environment variables
        self._defaults = defaults
        self._data = copy.deepcopy(self._defaults)
        self.update(data=data)

        if self._apply_env:
            self.update(ConfigEnv(self._env_prefix))

        self._loaded = True

    return self
```
12107	Parse input string, replace {config:VAR} with corresponding config value, return modified string.
12108	Builds a Twilio callback URL for message delivery status confirmation, using either a configured domain or the request object.
12109	Catches exceptions while reading from a socket, logs an error, and closes the connection if an exception occurs. Continues processing the connection with the current time.
12110	When the socket is write-ready, this method attempts to send output using a specified connection and socket. If an exception occurs during writing, it logs the error and closes the connection's output and the connection itself. It then processes the connection using the current time.
12111	Sends an RPC method call message using the `_sender` object. Sets message subject, address, reply_to, body, and correlation_id. Prints sending message.
12112	Reads data from a socket, processes it, and handles various socket exceptions. Returns the number of bytes processed or a special value indicating the end of stream.
12113	Writes data to a network socket using the provided connection object. Handles blocking and non-blocking sockets. Retries on timeout and EAGAIN/EWOULDBLOCK, closes connection on error. Returns bytes sent or EOS if done.
12114	Decorator to prevent callbacks from invoking non-reentrant link methods.
12115	Return a dictionary with remote settle modes if not default.
12116	Assigns addresses and properties to a link, handling dynamic and static cases.
12117	Returns the source address based on whether the link is a sender or not.
12118	Return the authorative target address of the link, using the local target address if the link is a receiver, otherwise using the remote target address.
12119	When the session is closed remotely, this method checks if the link is not already closed and simulates the close received. If the link is locally created and will never come up, it sets the link as failed.
12120	Create a sender link, request and return it.
12121	Create sender link, add to links set, return link.
12122	Create a new receiver link by calling the _pn_session.receiver() method with the given name, then pass it to the request_receiver() method and return the result.
12123	Create link for receiver from request.
12124	A method `link_destroyed` is called when a link is destroyed. It removes the link from a set of links. If no links remain, it closes and frees a session, then sets the session and connection to `None`.
12125	Logs session close request and closes all associated links.
12126	Called when Proton Engine generates an endpoint state change event, updates state, handles error for invalid events, and executes state-specific actions.
12127	Modifies markdown inline patterns to include a new 'mark' pattern.
12128	Logs debug information about the closed link, closes the receiver link, and sets done to True.
12129	Logs a warning for a receiver failure, closes the receiver link, and sets `done` to True.
12130	Method to extract hostname and port from a server address string.
12131	Create a TCP connection to a server at the specified host and port, with an option to set the socket to non-blocking mode. If the connection attempt fails with a non-inprogress error, re-raise the exception.
12132	Create a non-blocking TCP listening socket for a server.
12133	Determines connections needing read, write, or timer processing. Returns lists of connections for each category, with timers sorted by expiration.
12134	Decorator to prevent reentrant calls.
12135	Performs connection state processing, handling SASL authentication, expiring timers, processing Proton events, and checking for connection failure or closure.
12136	Get a buffer of data to write to the network.
12137	Factory method for creating Sender links, ensuring uniqueness and configuring properties.
12138	Rejects a SenderLink using the provided link_handle, and destroys the handle. Raises an exception if link_handle is invalid.
12139	Creates a new receiver link, opens a session, configures the receiver, and stores it in a dictionary if it doesn't already exist.
12140	Updates an error log and sets an error attribute upon connection failure detection.
12141	Logs connection is up and calls connection_active on handler if it exists.
12142	Logs that the connection was closed remotely and calls a handler method if it exists.
12143	Calls the parent class's `_ep_error` method and sets the connection state to "Protocol error occurred."
12144	Ensures Twilio requests, exempts CSRF checks, supports TwiML and Verb objects.
12145	Converts color values to Adobe output strings based on color type and name.
12146	Walks through directories in a search path, identifies .ttf files, and stores them in a dictionary with their names as keys and file paths as values. Filters fonts by name, adjusting names to standardize case and add styles like bold or italic.
12147	Sets compression for PDF files with a boolean value, raises an exception if not valid.
12148	_defines a method to add objects to a buffer, optionally overwriting placeholder objects using a flag`
12149	Buffers PDF code for a page or the entire document.
12150	Writes a PDF text stream by calling `_out` with 'stream', the input stream, and 'endstream'.
12151	Adds a page to a PDF and adds text to it, handling large blocks of text by splitting them across pages.
12152	Set color scheme for drawing, filling, and text in PDF. Defaults to black for all if not specified.
12153	Internal method sets initial default font, added to fonts list.
12154	Adds a PDFPage object to the pages list, either by generating a default one or using a provided one. Sets the page's index, appends it to the pages list, resets the current font, and resets colors in the session.
12155	Sets font size if it's different from current size.
12156	Adds text to a PDF page, handling text splitting, cursor positioning, and justification.
12157	Adds a newline to the current page, optionally adding multiple lines based on an integer input. Raises a TypeError if the input is not an integer.
12158	Adds a pie chart to a PDF using the provided data and optional parameters, then restores the previous drawing colors.
12159	This method creates page objects for a PDF, setting properties such as orientation, resources, and content. It checks for orientation changes and updates the MediaBox accordingly. If compression is enabled, it compresses the page content before adding it to the document.
12160	Returns a list of page indices with orientation changes.
12161	This method is called by the PDFLite object to initiate the creation of font objects. It first saves the current object number, then outputs encoding differences and font files. Finally, it iterates through each font, adds a new object, sets the font's object number, and outputs the font.
12162	Creates and outputs predefined images for use throughout a document.
12163	Prompts the creation of image objects by setting various properties such as dimensions, color space, bits per component, filters, and image data.
12164	Adjusts the current transformation matrix by multiplying it with a new matrix (a, b, c, d, e, f) and outputs the result.
12165	Transforms input coordinates (x, y) using the current transformation matrix to return their absolute position in user space.
12166	Determines the style and underline properties of text, setting them based on the input string and the text family. If the family is 'symbol' or 'zapfdingbats', no styling is applied. The style is converted to uppercase, and the underline property is set accordingly.
12167	Rotates a point relative to the mesh origin by a specified angle. Calculates beta, offsets, and returns the new point coordinates.
12168	S vulnerable to SQL injection attacks
12169	Sets default viewing options, validates zoom and layout inputs, raises exceptions for incorrect values.
12170	Invoke objects to output PDF code, save to file
12171	This method `_put_header` generates the standard first line of a PDF document, which includes the PDF version. If compression is enabled, it appends a specific string to the session buffer.
12172	Initializes document with page objects. Generates overall "Pages" object, reference to page objects, count, and default PDF page size.
12173	Creates PDF reference to resource objects, including fonts and images.
12174	Sets PDF information using session attributes and methods, including producer, title, subject, author, keywords, creator, and creation date.
12175	The method _put_catalog outputs catalog object details including page layout and open action based on the zoom_mode.
12176	Final trailer calculations, generating MD5 hash with file details and appending cross-reference and startxref information.
12177	Floyd's Cycle Finder Detects cycles in iterables and calculates cycle offset and period if a function and starting state are provided
12178	Cycle detector that iterates through a sequence, storing seen values and their steps. If a value repeats, raises a CycleDetected exception with the first occurrence and period. Yields values until a cycle is found.
12179	Gosper's cycle detector yields values from a sequence and detects cycles, raisingCycleDetected if a cycle is found. It calculates the cycle period.
12180	Brent's Cycle Detector:
Framework for detecting cycles in iterables or sequences. Tracks two pointers - tortoise and hare - to find the start and length of a cycle. Yields values until a cycle is detected, then raises CycleDetected with cycle period and start offset if finite state machine is used.
12181	def x_fit(self, test_length):
    """ Check if there is enough horizontal space starting from self.x for the given length. """
    return (self.x + test_length) < self.xmax
12182	Checks if the available vertical space is sufficient for the given text height. Returns True if there is enough space, otherwise returns False.
12183	Compares x-coordinate of an object with the x-coordinate of another object. Returns True if the current object's x-coordinate is greater, False otherwise.
12184	Compares y coordinates of two objects, returning True if the first object's y is greater than the second.
12185	Create a copy of the current cursor, set its bounds and deltas, and return the new cursor.
12186	Mutable x addition. Defaults to using the current delta value, or a specified value.
12187	Adds a value to the y-coordinate of an object. If no value is provided, it uses a predefined delta value.
12188	Prepare the document for drawing by compiling, advancing the header row, setting borders, filling, drawing borders, adding text, and finalizing the cursor position.
12189	def create_label(name, description=None, color=None):
    """Creates a new label with the given name, description, and color."""
    data = {
        'name': name,
        'title': name,
        'description': description or name,
        'appearance': {
            'color': color or random_color()
        }
    }
    return self._post(
        request=ApiActions.CREATE.value,
        uri=ApiUri.TAGS.value,
        params=data
    )
12190	Fetch all current labels from Logentries API, returning a list of dictionaries. Raises ServerException if an error occurs.
12191	Retrieve a list of labels by their exact name.
12192	Updates a Label with new data, including id, appearance, description, name, and title. Returns a dictionary response.
12193	Delete a label by ID, raising `ServerException` on error.
12194	Create a new tag using the provided label ID and return the server response.
12195	Returns all current tags from the server, filtering by type 'tagit'. Raises a ServerException on error.
12196	Get tags by label's sn key, filter by sn value in tag args.
12197	Create a hook with a name, regexes, tag ids, and optional logs. Returns the response from Logentries API or raises a ServerException if an error occurs.
12198	Retrieve and return all current hooks. Raises ServerException if there's an error.
12199	Update a hook with details such as id, name, triggers, sources, groups, and actions, then post the data to the API.
12200	def create(self, alert_config, occurrence_frequency_count=None, occurrence_frequency_unit=None, alert_frequency_count=None, alert_frequency_unit=None):
Creates a new alert with the given configuration and frequency parameters. Returns the server's response.
12201	Get alerts of a specific type and with optional arguments. Filters alerts based on type and argument subset. Returns matching alerts or an empty list. Raises ServerException on error.
12202	Update an alert by sending a POST request with the alert data.
12203	Initializes a Sphinx extension, setting up todo lists, mathjax, intersphinx with specific mappings, external links, and a custom HTML theme.
12204	Returns the absolute path to the themes directory relative to the package directory.
12205	Posts data to a Logentries API endpoint, handling authentication and errors.
12206	Get all log sets by sending a GET request to the server and parsing the response JSON to extract the hostname and log keys. Raise a ServerException if the request fails.
12207	This method retrieves a specific log or log set from the Logentries API. It takes a log set or log identifier as a parameter, constructs the appropriate URL, and makes a GET request. If the response is not successful, it raises a ServerException with the status code and error message. Otherwise, it returns the response data in JSON format.
12208	Find a slider attacker by examining reachable positions and filtering based on occupied spaces.
12209	Calculates the approximate transit duration for an eccentric orbit using various orbital parameters.
12210	Update keyword arguments for transit, limbdark, and settings with validation and model selection.
12211	Computes the light curve model by calling _Compute with transit, limbdark, settings, and arrays as arguments, raises an error if _Compute returns an error code other than _ERR_NONE.
12212	Bin the light curve model to the provided time array.
12213	Frees memory for dynamically allocated C arrays using `_dbl_free`, resetting allocation flags.
12214	Reads data from the socket, writes it to a buffer, or raises an exception if the read fails.
12215	Generator reads lines from buffer; requests more data from server if buffer is empty; yields each line as it becomes available.
12216	Yields data blocks from an internal buffer or requests more from a server until sufficient data is retrieved.
12217	Reads a command response status. Parses the status code and message. Raises errors for invalid status codes. Returns a tuple of status code and message.
12218	Determines which info generator to use based on the supplied parameters. Returns an info generator.
12219	Chef method returns complete info response content.
12220	Call a server command, handle authentication if needed, and return the status code and message.
12221	Determines the server's capabilities by sending a CAPABILITIES command. Parses and returns a list of capabilities.
12222	This method sends a "MODE READER" command to a mode-switching server and returns a Boolean value indicating whether posting is allowed based on the server's response code.
12223	Sends a QUIT command to the server to gracefully close the connection. Raises an error if the server does not acknowledge the request. Once called, no other NNTPClient methods should be used.
12224	Returns the UTC time according to the server as a datetime object. Raises an exception if the timestamp can't be parsed.
12225	HELP command. Sends a request to the NNTP server for a summary of understood commands. Raises an exception if the server response code is not 100. Returns the help text from the server.
12226	Generates a list of newsgroups created since a specified timestamp using the NEWGROUPS command. Yields newsgroup tuples containing name, low water mark, high water mark, and status. Adjusts naive timestamps to GMT. Raises an error if the command fails.
12227	Generates a list of message-ids for articles created since a given timestamp in newsgroups matching a specified pattern. Converts naive timestamps to GMT, sends the NEWNEWS command, and yields message-ids from the response.
12228	Returns a list of message-ids for articles created since the specified timestamp for newsgroups that match the given pattern.
12229	Generates a list of active newsgroups matching a specified pattern using the LIST ACTIVE command. Yields tuples with newsgroup details.
12230	Generates a generator for the LIST ACTIVE.TIMES command, yielding tuples of newsgroup name, creation timestamp, and creator.
12231	This method generates a list of newsgroups from an NNTP server. It sends the "LIST NEWSGROUPS" command and parses the response. The optional `pattern` parameter allows filtering newsgroups using glob matching. The method yields tuples containing the newsgroup name and description.
12232	Generates elements from a LIST OVERVIEW.FMT response, handling errors and formatting.
12233	Generator for the LIST EXTENSIONS command, yields stripped lines of response.
12234	Generates a list based on a keyword. Yields elements from the list returned by list().
12235	This method implements a LIST command, which is a wrapper for various list commands. It takes a keyword and an argument to specify the information requested and returns a list of results based on the keyword. The method raises a NotImplementedError for unsupported keywords.
12236	The `group` method sends a GROUP command to an NNTP server, parses the response to extract and return the total number of articles, the first and last article numbers, and the group name.
12237	Parse the response of the "NEXT" command, extract the article number and identifier, and validate the response code and format.
12238	Fetches an article by message ID, parses its headers and body, and returns the article number, headers, and decoded body.
12239	Sends an HTTP HEAD request to the specified URL and returns the response headers. If the response code is not 221, raises an exception.
12240	def body(self, msgid_article=None, decode=False):
    Sends the BODY command, handles response, decodes if required, and returns the body text.
12241	Sends the XGTITLE command to the server, processes the response, and returns the information if successful.
12242	Performs an XHDR command on the NNTP server to retrieve the headers of messages within a specified range. Parses the response and raises an exception if the server does not return a successful code. Returns the information from the server.
12243	Sends an XZHDR command to the NNTP server with a header and an optional message-id range. Returns the response in compressed format.
12244	def xover_gen(self, range=None):
    Generator for XOVER command. Returns article overview information. Handles range of article numbers. RaisesNNTPReplyError if no articles or invalid newsgroup. yields article fields.
12245	Generates XPAT command with specified header, message ID range, and patterns. Parses and yields each line from the response.
12246	Executes XPAT command and returns a list of results generated by xpat_gen method.
12247	XFEATURE COMPRESS GZIP command. Compresses data with GZIP and optionally sets terminator. Validates response code and raises error if needed. Returns True if successful.
12248	The method `post` sends an HTTP POST request with optional headers and body content. It raises an `NNTPDataError` if binary characters are detected in the message body. The method returns a value indicating whether the posting was successful, and if a message ID was returned by the server, it will be returned. If illegal characters are found, the message will be truncated and a `NNTPDataError` will be raised. If the posting is successful, the method checks the server's status code and returns the message ID if present, otherwise it returns `True`.
12249	Parse timezone string to offset in seconds.
12250	Converts a datetime string to a Unix timestamp using fast custom parsing for common formats or the slow dateutil parser for others.
12251	Parse a datetime string to a datetime object using a fast custom parser for common formats, or the slow dateutil parser for others.
12252	This method sends a POST request to a specified URL using the session's post method, includes API headers, and handles errors by raising a ServerException if the response is not OK. It returns the JSON content of the response.
12253	Sends a DELETE request to the specified URL with optional keyword arguments, handles server errors, and returns the response if successful.
12254	### it sends a GET request to a URL using a session with custom headers and returns the JSON response. If the response is not successful, it raises a ServerException with the status code and text.
12255	Lists all scheduled queries in the account. Returns a list of query dicts or raises ServerException if there's an error.
12256	Lists all tags for an account, including an additional 'scheduled_query_id' key in anomaly alert tags. Returns a list of tag dicts. Raises ServerException on error.
12257	Retrieves an alert by name or ID, returning matching tags or an empty list. Raises ServerException on error.
12258	Create an inactivity alert with a name, patterns, logs, trigger config, and alert reports. Returns the API response or raises a ServerException if there's an error.
12259	Deletes an InactivityAlert using a specified tag ID, raising a ServerException if there is an error.
12260	def _create_scheduled_query(self, query, change, scope_unit, scope_count):
    Create a scheduled query with specified parameters and post it to the Logentries API.
12261	Create an anomaly alert by first creating a "scheduled_query" and then using the alert response to create a tag.
12262	Deletes an anomaly alert tag and its associated scheduled query using the Logentries API.
12263	Converts a range object (int or tuple) to a string suitable for NNTP commands.
12264	parses a newsgroup info line into a tuple of group name, low-water, high-water, and posting status, handling errors with ValueError
12265	Parse a header line: return None if end, continuation line if found, or tuple of name/value. Raises ValueError if unparseable.
12266	Converts a dictionary of headers to a string suitable for an NNTP POST request.
12267	Handles POST request, responding with OK, reading body, and printing client details, headers, path, and body.
12268	Run tests, handle reporter, limit stop, collect cases, run suite, return reporter
12269	Generate a docstring from a list of default values, formatting with an optional header, footer, and indentation.
12270	Decorator to add default keyword arguments to a function's docstring.
12271	Add default values to class docstring
12272	Set the value, invoking type-checking and bounds-checking hooks.
12273	def check_type(self, value): Checks if `value` matches `self.dtype`. Raises TypeError if mismatch.
12274	Checks if value is cached, calls loader function if not, caches the result, and returns the value.
12275	Checks if the input value can be cast to a scalar type, raising a TypeError if not.
12276	If errors are not None, return the average of the first two errors. If errors are a scalar, return the scalar. Otherwise, return 0.
12277	Set parameter error estimate; convert errors to列表 of scalars or set to None if None provided.
12278	Sets attributes based on kwargs and invokes hooks for type-checking and bounds-checking.
12279	1. Get command line arguments
2. Read and parse JSON file into a dictionary
3. Create or update definitions using API call for each metric
12280	Extracts metric names and corresponding fields from a list.
12281	Applies filter_expression to metrics result, keeps items matching the expression, or returns original metrics if expression is None. Updates self.metrics with filtered or original dictionary.
12282	Connect to meter, send JSON RPC message, receive response, append to data list.
12283	`expression_terminal` attempts to match one of several expression types: identifier, terminal, option_group, repetition_group, grouping_group, or special_handling.
12284	def operator(self, text):
    """Attempts to match '|' | '.' | ',' | '-' and returns a Token of type operator."""
    self._attempting(text)
    return alternation(["|", ".", ",", "-"])(text).retyped(TokenType.operator)
12285	```python
def op_add(self, text):
    """op_add = "+" ;"""
    self._attempting(text)
    return terminal("+")(text).retyped(TokenType.op_add)
```

This method handles the addition operation for the `op_add` token. It first attempts to parse the input using `_attempting` and then retypes the parsed result as an `op_add` token.
12286	Initiates property book-keeping by iterating through properties, identifies required and derived properties, and sets up default or specified loaders for derived properties.
12287	Method `get_params` returns a list of `Parameter` objects. If `pnames` is `None`, it retrieves all parameters. Otherwise, it retrieves parameters with the names specified in `pnames`.
12288	Return an array of parameter values. If `pname` is a list, get values of specified `Parameter` objects. If `pname` is None, get all values of all `Parameter` objects.
12289	Get parameter errors as a 2D array. If pnames is provided, return errors for specified parameters; otherwise, return errors for all parameters.
12290	Reset all Derived properties to None when called by setp or __setattr__
12291	Validate if value is in implemented HTTP methods; raise error if not.
12292	Sets configuration from environment variables or assigns default values.
12293	Encode URL parameters in the format `?key1=value1&key2=value2`
12294	HTTP GET request method
12295	Sends an HTTP DELETE request to the specified URL with the provided data, headers, and authentication credentials.
12296	Sends an HTTP POST request to a specified URL with given data, headers, and authentication credentials.
12297	Sends an HTTP PUT request to the specified URL with the provided data, headers, and authentication credentials.
12298	# Method Summary

Calls an API and logs requests and responses.

- Forms the API URL
- Logs headers, data, and parameters if present
- Executes the API request using a method stored in `_methods`
- Logs errors if the response status is not good, including the URL, method, data, and response
12299	Check if scene name prefix is valid, raise error if not.
12300	The `verify_type_product` method takes a satellite parameter and returns a dictionary containing the satellite ID and a list of stations based on the satellite type. If the satellite type is invalid, it raises a `ProductInvalidError`.
12301	Gets the size of a remote file by opening a URL and retrieving the Content-Length header. If an error occurs, logs the error, prints a message, reconnects, and retries.
12302	Download a remote .tar.bz file, extract it, and return a list of image files that match the specified bands.
12303	Validate bands parameter. Raises TypeError if not a list. Raises InvalidBandError for invalid bands.
12304	Establishes a connection to Earth Explorer, logs and prints connection status. Authenticates with provided credentials, handles exceptions and errors.
12305	Function that returns a callable to check if strings start with a specified prefix.
12306	Function to return a datetime.tzinfo implementation for a given timezone, caching results for efficiency. Raises UnknownTimeZoneError for invalid zones.
12307	Correct timezone info of given datetime if naive, otherwise return unchanged
12308	Joins an iterable with a specified delimiter, escaping the delimiter within items by prefixing it with a specified escape character.
12309	Finds and returns the positions of all newline characters in the given text.
12310	Function point_to_source highlights a specified position in source code. It takes a multi-line string (source), a tuple denoting the line and character index (position), and an optional formatting tuple. The function calculates the context around the specified position, formats each line with optional line numbers, and outputs the modified string with a caret pointing at the position.
12311	Convert timestamps to UTC and print text output in a formatted string.
12312	if any filters are applied, remove specified keys from each relay in the `relays` list.
12313	Creates a new instance of a class, initializes it with fortunes from a list of files, and handles optional filtering and language settings.
12314	Initialize class instance based on list of fortune files with set chances. Adjust chances for leftover files if total doesn't reach 1. Calculate upper bound for random selection.
12315	The main function runs tests provided as arguments and exits with a status indicating whether the tests were successful.
12316	rule := identifier "=" expression ";"
12317	Process input text using `_attempting` method, then concatenate strings "?" and `self.identifier`, ignoring whitespace, and finally retype the result as `TokenType.special_handling`.
12318	If _grammar is None, create a new Parser, parse the input_source, trim and flatten the resulting grammar, and store it in _grammar. Return _grammar.
12319	def rules(self):  
    """Retrieve AST rules."""
    if self._rules is None:
        self._rules = [Rule(name.value, self._expression_to_asn(expression), name.position, child.consumed) for child in self.grammar.children if child.is_type(TokenType.rule)]
    return self._rules
12320	returns list of comments from AST
12321	Parses directives from comments if not already parsed and returns them.
12322	Sets `_output_source` to the result of `_compile()` if it's None, then returns `_output_source`.
12323	Generates Python source code for a parser, incorporating metadata, imports, token enums, and a class definition.
12324	Reads self.directives for import directives and returns their values as a concatenated string, or an empty string if none found.
12325	Builds the Python source code for the Parser TokenType enum, defining each token type from a rules list.
12326	Builds the class definition for the parser, including the base class, docstring, entry point, and rule definitions.
12327	Returns entry_point value if found, otherwise returns the name of the first rule.
12328	```python
Generates rule definition source code. Formats rule with function name, docstring, attempt call, and rule definition, handling terminal shorthand for single-terminal rules.
```
12329	Retrieves the source code for a rule, removes trailing whitespace, and indents it.
12330	The method determines how to transform a rule based on its arguments, and returns the corresponding source code text. It supports retyping, compressing, or leaving the rule unchanged.
12331	Converts an expression to an ASN by recursively converting its children and then removing unnecessary grouping groups.
12332	Converts a parse tree node to an abstract syntax tree node by checking node type and recursively handling children.
12333	Flattens a list of operands based on a predicate, converting nested structures into a flat list.
12334	Recursively hoists GroupingGroup expressions up to their parent node in the optree.
12335	Converts an abstract syntax tree to Python source code by recursively handling different node types.
12336	Convert abstract syntax operator tree to Python source code, handling different operators like alternate, concatenate, exclude, multiply, and repeat through specific methods.
12337	Converts an AST terminal to Python source code, using shorthand if enabled.
12338	Converts an AST option group to Python source code by wrapping the expression in "option(" and ")".
12339	Converts AST repetition group to Python source code. Adds "zero_or_more(" and ")". Handles indentation and ignore_whitespace option.
12340	Convert an AST special handling to Python source code. If the identifier is in `PB_SPECIAL_HANDLING`, return `PB.identifier`. Otherwise, return `self.identifier`.
12341	Converts an AST alternate op to Python source code by hoisting operands and formatting them in an alternation list.
12342	Convert AST concatenation op to Python source code, hoisting operands based on whitespace ignore flag.
12343	Converts AST exclude operation to Python source code by formatting left and right operands within an "exclusion" function call.
12344	Converts an AST multiply operation to Python source code, handling cases where operands are numbers or other operations.
12345	Convert an AST repeat op to python code by wrapping the operand in 'one_or_more(' and adding ignore_whitespace if specified.
12346	def _find_directives(self, pred): Finds all directives that match a name string or pass a predicate function.
12347	Custom flattening method checks if parent is an expression and child has the same node type.
12348	Extracts directives from a comment, which start with '!', strips whitespace, and yields parsed directive definitions.
12349	Handle API results; print response if not 200 status code.
12350	Checks if the provided id is None; if so, generates a new one using wx.NewId() and logs the generation; otherwise, logs the use of the provided id and returns it.
12351	Removes a global hotkey from a control.
12352	Add command line arguments to the parser, including API host, email, API token, and whether to output a curl command.
12353	Configure logging based on command line options. If log level is specified, set logging level accordingly and log the chosen level.
12354	Validates command line arguments for email and API token, setting error message if either is missing.
12355	Convert a list of nodes from infix order to postfix order, preserving operator precedence and associativity.
12356	Converts a list of nodes in postfix order to an Optree by repeatedly reducing the list until only one node remains, ensuring it's an OptreeNode. Raises errors if the list is empty or if an operator node is encountered without operands.
12357	Finds first OperatorNode, creates OptreeNode, and returns new list with operator and operands replaced.
12358	Adds specific arguments for a CLI, including metric identifier, display names, description, aggregation, unit, resolution, type, and disabled status.
12359	Load JSON file into dictionary
12360	Looks up the metric definition by name from a list of metric definitions.
12361	Calculates the maximum length of column names and descriptions in a field table.
12362	Calculates and returns the maximum lengths of the 'displayName' and 'description' columns in the 'metrics' list.
12363	Method to escape underscores in 'name' field of each dictionary in 'metrics' list, replacing them with "\_".
12364	Sends field definitions to standard out with formatted headers
12365	Sends markdown of metric definitions to standard out after escaping underscores and determining column lengths.
12366	Generates Markdown by creating metric, field, and dashboard definitions, then outputs the Markdown.
12367	### Parse source code by calling the method specified in `entry_point`. If a `DeadEnd` occurs, raise a `ParserError` with the most consumed text.
12368	Track furthest parser progress.
12369	Adds command-line arguments for a specific command, including format, name, aggregate, sample, source, start, end, and date format for output.
12370	Parse string into datetime; convert epoch if parse fails
12371	Converts JSON text to CSV format, printing headers and rows with timestamp, metric name, aggregate, source, and value.
12372	Converts a text payload to a structured JSON format and prints it, including specific details like timestamp, metric, source, and value.
12373	Converts and prints JSON text to a pretty-printed, colorized format.
12374	```xml
<!-- Create and format an XML document from a JSON payload, including timestamps, metrics, sources, and values. -->
```
12375	Checks if a node is an instance of ParseNode and is either empty or a terminal type.
12376	```python
def pprint(root, depth=0, space_unit="    ", *, source_len=0, file=None):
    """Prettily print a parse tree."""
    spacing = space_unit * depth

    if isinstance(root, str):
        print(f"{spacing}terminal@(?): {root}", file=file)
    else:
        position = -1 if root.position is None else source_len + root.position if root.position < 0 else root.position
        if root.is_value:
            print(f"{spacing}{root.node_type}(@{position}:{root.consumed}): {root.svalue}", file=file)
        else:
            print(f"{spacing}{root.node_type}(@{position}:{root.consumed}):", file=file)
            for child in root.children:
                pprint(child, depth + 1, source_len=source_len, file=file)
```
12377	Returns a partial function for _get_repetition, filtering by extractor and bounds, and optionally ignoring whitespace.
12378	Checks if text starts with value; if so, returns a ParseNode; otherwise, raises DeadEnd
12379	This function `_get_repetition` repeatedly applies an extractor to a given text within specified bounds. It accumulates the extracted children, ignoring whitespace if needed. If the number of extracted children meets or exceeds the lower bound, it returns a `ParseNode` with type `repetition`. If not, it raises a `DeadEnd` exception. The function supports different repetition patterns like zero_or_more, one_or_more, exact_repeat, etc.
12380	Returns extractor's result if exclusion does not match; otherwise, raises DeadEnd if exclusion matches.
12381	Counts the number of leading whitespace characters in a string. Returns the count or the total length if no leading whitespace is found.
12382	This method takes an extractor (either a string or callable) and text. If the extractor is a string, it calls `_get_terminal` with the string and text. If it's callable, it calls the extractor directly with the text.
12383	Gets the position of the current ParseNode by first trying its own position, then moving to its first child if not available.
12384	Returns True if node has no children or all children are empty ParseNode instances.
12385	Add ignored text to node, update consumed property
12386	Checks if self.node_type matches the given value or any element in a tuple of values.
12387	Flattens nodes by hoisting children up to ancestor nodes if pred(node) returns True.
12388	Trim a ParseTree by recursively applying a predicate to each node. Nodes for which the predicate returns True are removed.
12389	Returns a new ParseNode with the same type as this node, combining children from both nodes while excluding empty ones, and adds their consumed lengths and copies the ignored text.
12390	Creates a new ParseNode with the same content as the current node but with a different node_type.
12391	Converts the node into a value node with concatenated children, respecting ignored values based on the include_ignored flag.
12392	Returns the current position of the cursor as a Position object.
12393	Return the maximum read position as a Position object.
12394	Moves cursor to the next character, updating index, column offset, and tracking max position if necessary.
12395	Moves cursor to start of the next line by appending the current position to `_eol`, incrementing `_lineno`, and resetting `_col_offset` to 0.
12396	Sets cursor to the end of the previous line by updating the position to the last element in the _eol list.
12397	def last_readed_line(self) -> str:
    Finds and returns the last completely read line in self._content.
12398	Increment cursor to the next character by the specified length. Handle negative length by raising ValueError. Iterate, skipping newlines, and move cursor. Return final cursor index.
12399	Save current cursor position and return True.
12400	Revert the cursor position to the last saved state and return False.
12401	Constructs a formatted string representation of Translator for pretty-printing, optionally including source and target attribute values and a nested function call.
12402	The method sets the name attribute and updates internal names in the _hsig dictionary.
12403	Count number of variables defined in a scope by iterating over variable signatures and checking if they are marked as variables.
12404	Count functions defined by this scope.
12405	Update internal counters by counting types, variables, and functions.
12406	Update the Set with values from another Set, optionally setting parent, adjusting state, and mapping internal names.
12407	Create an new Scope by combining the current Scope with another one using the union operator.
12408	Update the set with the intersection of its current elements and another set, removing any elements not present in the other set, and updating elements that are present.
12409	Create a new Scope containing the intersection of this set and another Scope.
12410	Remove common values between two sets and return the updated set.
12411	subtract another set
12412	Remove common values and update specific values from another set
12413	Create a new Scope with values present in either self or sig, but not in both.
12414	Adds an item to a set, ensuring it has a unique name and setting its state if necessary.
12415	Remove an item from the set, raising KeyError if not found, and return True.
12416	Remove `it` if present, update its state if it's a scope, and delete it from `_hsig`. Returns `True` if removed, otherwise `False`.
12417	Retrieve values, combining from own and parent if in EMBEDDED state.
12418	Retrieve first Signature based on lexicographical order of keys in _hsig dictionary.
12419	Retrieve the last Signature based on mangled descendant order.
12420	Retrieve a signature instance by key, returning default if not found.
12421	def get_by_symbol_name(self, name: str) -> Scope:
    Retrieve all signatures by symbol name, create an EvalCtx when necessary, include parent scope, and inherit type/translation from parent.
12422	Retrieve unique Signature by symbol name, raise KeyError if not unique.
12423	Forces polymorphic type handling by symbol artefacts. Collects relevant symbols with polymorphic return types, encapsulates them, and creates a new scope inheriting from parent, handling type/translation.
12424	If no injector is available, the method calls the injector of the parent node. If no parent exists, it raises a TypeError. Otherwise, it uses the local injector.
12425	Normalizes an AST node by replacing built-in containers with their subclass equivalents. Recursively normalizes all elements within the structure.
12426	The method set allows a Node instance to adopt another Node subclass entirely, copying all attributes and items from the other node.
12427	Yields node data in reverse order.
12428	Check if hit charge is within specified limits.
12429	Compute a signature by resolving type components and handles variadic arguments.
12430	Collect types for resolution, attempt to find and cache their definitions, and mark unresolved types as None.
12431	This method substitutes type names using a resolution dictionary and returns the resolved names.
12432	Sets the resolved name by referencing another type name in the resolution dictionary.
12433	Deletes locally if exists
12434	Deletes a file from an S3 bucket.
12435	Deletes a specified file, either locally or from S3, based on the file's storage type. If no storage type is provided, it deletes the file locally. If the storage type is 's3', it deletes the file from the specified S3 bucket.
12436	Saves a local file from a temporary file object to the file system.
12437	Uploads a file to an S3 bucket and sets metadata if specified.
12438	Saves a file to either S3 or the local filesystem based on the storage type. If S3 is used, also sets additional fields on the object.
12439	Finds files by listing an S3 bucket's contents with a given prefix.
12440	Create an enumeration type from a sequence of values and named parameters, providing a mapping and a reverse mapping.
12441	Decorator to verify function arguments and return types. Checks types of provided arguments and default values against signature annotations. Raises ValueError if type mismatch is found. Returns type-checked result of the function.
12442	Define a function to add a mapping with key `thing_name` and value `callobject` to a `ChainMap`, handling namespaces by splitting `thing_name` and inserting each segment in reverse order.
12443	Decorator to attach a method to a class.
12444	Attaches a method to a parsing class, registers it as a parser hook, and ensures it's unique.
12445	Attach a method to a parsing class and register it as a parser rule. If rulename is not provided, use the method name. Ensure the method is not already a rule or hook, and add it to the class's rule list with a fully qualified name if needed.
12446	Attaches a class to a parsing class and registers it as a parser directive. Uses the function name as the directive name if not provided.
12447	Attach a class to a parsing decorator and register it globally with its name or a provided name.
12448	Allows aliasing a node to another name by updating the destination key in the rule_nodes maps. Raises an exception if the destination is not found.
12449	Check for EOL sequence; return True if found, saving and restoring context if necessary.
12450	Pushes context variables for rule nodes, tags, and IDs. Creates new child maps if they exist, otherwise initializes new ones. Returns True.
12451	Reset context variables by setting them to their parent values and return True.
12452	This method retrieves the text value of a node by using caches for quick lookups. It first gets the node's ID and checks a cache to see if the ID has been seen before. If not, it returns an empty string. If the ID is found, it retrieves the name associated with the ID and checks another cache to ensure the name is valid. It then creates a key based on the node's tag range and checks a value cache for the text value. If not found, it calculates the text value from the tag and stores it in the cache before returning it.
12453	Push a new stream into the parser, and subsequent function calls will parse this stream until 'popStream' is called.
12454	Saves current index under given name in tag cache.
12455	Updates the end index of a tag in the cache and returns True
12456	Merges the internal rules set with the given rules by creating a new child and updating the rules with the provided ones.
12457	Merges internal hooks with the given dictionary. Creates a child class attribute `_hooks` if it doesn't exist. Iterates through the hooks, prepending the class module and name if necessary, and sets each hook in the `_hooks` attribute. Returns `True`.
12458	Merges internal directives with given ones, attaches working directives to dsl.Parser class
12459	Evaluate a rule by name and return the resulting node. If the rule is unknown, raise an error.
12460	Evaluate a hook by name, raise an error for unknown hooks, set last rule, call the hook function, check return type, and return the result.
12461	def peek_text(self, text: str) -> bool:
    """Check if text is at current stream position without consuming it."""
12462	Reads one byte from the stream if not end of file, increments position, returns True if successful.
12463	Reads a character, increments the index, and returns True if it matches the expected character; otherwise, it returns False. Uses stream context for safety.
12464	Consume the entire stream until EOF, validating the context.
12465	Skip leading whitespace characters until the end of the stream is reached or a non-whitespace character is encountered. Return whether the stream's position is valid after consumption.
12466	Sets the data type of the hits, ensuring fields are copied into the clustered hits array. Adds default fields if not specified. Initializes the clustered hits array with the specified data type.
12467	Sets the data type of the cluster and updates the cluster description accordingly.
12468	Checks if hit array fields match the cluster hit fields in data type and presence.
12469	Sets the parser tree of the given namespace name to a new rule instance created from the value at the given rule ID. Returns True.
12470	Attach a parser tree to the dictionary of rules based on the rule name.
12471	def add_rule(self, rule, rn, alts) -> bool: Set the rule name and parser tree, then return True.
12472	If sequences does not have a parser_tree, assign cla's parser_tree to it. If sequences does have a parser_tree, append cla's parser_tree to it's ptlist. Finally, return True.
12473	Defines method add_alt to add alternatives to an object's parser tree. If the object's parser tree is already an Alt, appends the new alternative to it. If not, converts the existing tree into an Alt and adds the new alternative. Returns True.
12474	Adds a read_range primitive to the sequence parser tree using begin and end values, stripping any surrounding single quotes. Returns True.
12475	Add a repeater to the previous sequence, handling errors for lookahead and negated rules.
12476	Add a capture to the sequence's parser tree
12477	Adds a binding to the parser tree by updating the sequence's parser tree with a Bind object constructed from the cpt value and the existing parser tree. Returns True.
12478	Add a hook to a sequence parser tree.
12479	Parse an integer from parameter list and store it in param.pair.
12480	Parse a string parameter by stripping surrounding quotes and setting its type to str.
12481	Parse a char in parameter list by setting its pair to a tuple of stripped value and str type, then return True.
12482	Parse a node name in parameter list
12483	Parse a hook name and assign it to hook.name, then initialize an empty list for hook.listparam and return True.
12484	Append a parameter pair to a hook's list and return True
12485	Parse BNF DSL and return rules dictionary. Handle errors by notifying and raising Diagnostic.
12486	Ignore CXX consumes comments and whitespace characters, validating context accordingly.
12487	Adds a state to the register with a unique identifier.
12488	Converts state register to a '.dot' representation for visualization.
12489	write a '.dot' file from graph data
12490	Converts the object to DOT format and writes it to a PNG file.
12491	Returns a formatted string representation of the register, including its states, events, named events, and UID events.
12492	Transition management based on input state type, updating register if necessary.
12493	Reset the Living State by cleaning all instances on S0 that are not alive or have finished. Reinitialize all states.
12494	For each element in the body, create an InferNode with the current infer_node as the parent, then call infer_type on that element with the provided diagnostic.
12495	Infer type on subexpr by creating an InferNode as its parent and calling infer_type with the given diagnostic.
12496	Infer type from an ID by checking if it's declared in the scope. If declared, update the scope with the ID's type. If not declared, notify an error.
12497	Infer literal type based on language, adopt basic convention, add evaluation context.
12498	Prints cached node information for debugging.
12499	def parserrule_topython(parser: parsing.BasicParser, rulename: str) -> ast.FunctionDef:
    """ Generates code for a parser rule as a Python function. """
    visitor = RuleVisitor()
    rule = parser._rules[rulename]
    fn_args = ast.arguments([ast.arg('self', None)], None, None, [], None, None, [], [])
    body = visitor._clause(rule_topython(rule))
    body.append(ast.Return(ast.Name('True', ast.Load())))
    return ast.FunctionDef(rulename, fn_args, body, [], None)
12500	This method returns the appropriate scope exiting statement based on the current context: `ast.Pass()` if in an optional block, `ast.Raise(ast.Call(ast.Name('AltFalse', ast.Load()), [], [], None, None))` if in a try block, `ast.Break()` if in a loop, or `ast.Return(ast.Name('False', ast.Load()))` otherwise.
12501	Normalize a parser tree into a statements list. Converts expressions to 'if not expr: return False' statements if not already a list.
12502	Converts a function call into an AST representation.
12503	Generates Python code calling a function and returning True using a lambda.
12504	Generates Python code to call a hook by creating an AST with `self.evalHook` method, passing the hook's name and the last item from `self.ruleNodes`.
12505	Calls `evalRule` on self with the rule name as a string argument.
12506	Generates python code to capture text consumed by a clause. Converts capture node to AST, using `beginTag` and `endTag` calls. If clauses can be inlined, returns a single `BoolOp` node. Otherwise, processes each clause and returns a list of statements.
12507	def visit_Scope(self, node: parsing.Capture) -> [ast.stmt] or ast.expr:
    """Generates stub code for an unimplemented scope."""
    return ast.Name('scope_not_implemented', ast.Load())
12508	Converts alternative parsing nodes into Python code using a try-except structure to handle alternative outcomes.
12509	```text
Combines continuous clauses into AND expressions and generates Python code for statements or expressions.
```
12510	Generates python code for an optional clause, handling expressions and adjusting the `in_optional` flag accordingly.
12511	def visit_Rep0N(self, node: parsing.Rep0N) -> [ast.stmt]:
    Generates Python code for clauses repeated 0 or more times.

    If all clauses can be inlined, uses a while loop with a condition.

    Otherwise, uses an indefinite loop to execute the clause.
12512	def visit_Rep1N(self, node: parsing.Rep0N) -> [ast.stmt]:
    """Generates code for a clause repeated 1 or more times.

    <code for the clause>
    while True:
        <code for the clause>
    """
    clause = self.visit(node.pt)
    if isinstance(clause, ast.expr):
        return self._clause(clause) + self.visit_Rep0N(node)
    self.in_loop += 1
    clause = self._clause(self.visit(node.pt))
    self.in_loop -= 1
    return self._clause(clause) + [ast.While(ast.Name('True', ast.Load()), clause, [])]
12513	Concatenate two strings, handling line breaks for indentation
12514	Recursively indents items in list based on provided indent value.
12515	Recursively converts a list of elements to a string, handling nested lists and specific content types.
12516	Prints the values of the given nodes or strings.
12517	Function to connect a sequence of MatchExpr, recursively processing alternatives and updating states and edges accordingly.
12518	Function that creates states for all instances of MatchExpr in the given list, connects them with edges, and returns the edge for debugging.
12519	Builds a state tree automaton for a block of matching statements by recursively traversing statements and populating a state register with created states.
12520	Test if a node's value equals a specified value, handling string and integer comparisons.
12521	Create a Grammar object from a BNF string, with optional inheritance and scope definition.
12522	def from_file(fn: str, entry=None, *optional_inherit) -> Grammar:
    """
    Create a Grammar from a file
    """
    if os.path.exists(fn):
        with open(fn, 'r') as f:
            bnf = f.read()
        inherit = [Grammar] + list(optional_inherit)
        scope = {'grammar': bnf, 'entry': entry, 'source': fn}
        return build_grammar(tuple(inherit), scope)
    raise Exception("File not Found!")
12523	Parses source using grammar, returns parsing.Node. Sets `from_string` to True if source is not None. Uses default entry if not provided, raises error if no entry rule defined.
12524	Reads a file, parses its content using a grammar, and returns a parsed node. Handles entry rule name and raises an error if none is provided.
12525	Copies one node to another, ensuring proper copying even if the source is an instance of a Node. Updates caches and tags if necessary.
12526	Assigns the value of one node to another node
12527	set the value of dst to the evaluation of ast concatenated with expr and return True
12528	Returns a default JSON serialization for a given object, converting date and time types to ISO format or UTC timestamp.
12529	Retrieves deposits with an optional limit on the number of items returned.
12530	Serialize a deposition object to a dictionary, including specific properties and timestamps.
12531	Get document IDs from Invenio 1 for records modified on or after the given date.
12532	Get record IDs from Invenio 2 database for documents modified on or after a given date
12533	Import BibRecDocs and BibDoc modules, handling different import paths for availability.
12534	Dump all BibDoc metadata for a given record ID, newer than a specified date, and return a list of version details formatted as dictionaries.
12535	Get count and IDs of bibdocs.
12536	def check(id_):
    try:
        list_files_for_bibdoc(id_)
    except Exception:
        print_error(f"BibDoc {id_} failed check.")
12537	Converts an OAuth2ServerToken object into a dictionary containing specified fields.
12538	Get the number and all UserEXT objects.
12539	Serialize UserEXT object to a dictionary.
12540	def get(*args, **kwargs):
    """Query for featured communities."""
    from invenio.modules.communities.models import FeaturedCommunity
    q = FeaturedCommunity.query
    return q.count(), q.all()
12541	Retrieve modified record IDs from Invenio 1 database since a specified date using SQL query.
12542	Get record IDs modified on or after a given date for Invenio 2.
12543	Retrieves restrictions for a given collection, including fire roles and users, by querying the database and compiling role definitions.
12544	Get record revisions from database for a given record ID and date range.
12545	Get all collections and restricted collections a record belongs to.
12546	Convert MARCXML to JSON.
12547	Retrieve recids based on query and changes since from_date.
12548	Dump MARCXML and JSON representation of a record.
12549	Dumps a remote account as a dictionary.
12550	def load_common(model_cls, data):
    """Creates an instance of model_cls from data and saves it to the database."""
12551	Define function to collect entry points and load them into a dictionary.
12552	Initialize app context for Invenio 2.x by creating an app, pushing its test request context, and preprocessing the request.
12553	Decorator to cache results of heavy function calls based on arguments.
12554	Function to import `run_sql` from either `invenio.dbquery` or `invenio.legacy.dbquery` and return it.
12555	Retrieves and returns roles connected to a given action ID, compiling role definitions and collecting user and parameter information.
12556	Def function get accepts query and any additional args/kwargs. Splits query into actions, executes SQL query for each action, retrieves id, name, allowedkeywords, and optional. Returns count of actions and list of dictionaries containing these details.
12557	Returns a dictionary representation of a remote token with specified attributes.
12558	Load the oauth2server token from data dump, convert expires to datetime, and load common data.
12559	Migrates a record from a migration dump, handles both MARCXML and JSON formats, and can opt to import only the latest revision.
12560	Import a config variable from the app's config or return a default value.
12561	Converts an oauth2server Client object into a dictionary containing its key attributes.
12562	Fetches user accounts from Invenio 1 and returns the count and list of user objects.
12563	Get count and list of all user accounts from Invenio 2.
12564	Convert user object to dictionary, handling optional attributes and formatting.
12565	### Method Summary

Loads JSON deposition data, creates a record and PID, adds files and SIP, and commits the session.
12566	Create a deposit record and its PID from raw JSON data.
12567	def _loadrecord(record_dump, source_type, eager=False):
    """Load a single record into the database.
    If eager, import record synchronously; otherwise, import record asynchronously."""
    if eager:
        import_record.s(record_dump, source_type=source_type).apply(throw=True)
    elif current_migrator.records_post_task:
        chain(
            import_record.s(record_dump, source_type=source_type),
            current_migrator.records_post_task.s()
        )()
    else:
        import_record.delay(record_dump, source_type=source_type)
12568	Load records from multiple sources based on a record ID, loading all dumps if no specific ID is provided.
12569	Inspect records from migration dumps. Load and filter by recid. Display records, files, JSON, or MARCXML as specified.
12570	Load dumps asynchronously or synchronously, applying a predicate to select a single item to load.
12571	```python
def loadcommunities(sources, logos_dir):
    """Load communities."""
    from invenio_migrator.tasks.communities import load_community
    loadcommon(sources, load_community, task_args=(logos_dir, ))
```
12572	def loadusers(sources): Load users from sources without asynchronous execution due to potential duplicate emails/usernames causing racing conditions.
12573	Load deposit from sources with optional filter by deposit ID.
12574	Return top n profiler statistics sorted by specified key.
12575	Start a Tornado web server on a specified port (default 8888) serving routes retrieved from TornadoProfiler.
12576	Dumps current profiler stats into a file specified by user or defaults to 'dump.prof'.
12577	Clear profiler statistics, enable profiler, set status to 204, and finish.
12578	Stop the profiler, set running flag to False, update status to 204, and finish.
12579	Check if profiler is running and return status.
12580	Disables timestamp update during method execution.
12581	Load user data, check for email and username duplicates, create user and profile objects, and save to database.
12582	Calculate image translations in parallel using the Parallel and delayed functions. The translations are saved to the images object and returned as a 2D array (ty, tx).
12583	Stitches regular spaced images by calculating translations, averaging, and creating a merged image with an offset.
12584	Adds a new dimension of ones to the input array and concatenates it along the last axis.
12585	Create a record based on the provided dump. Check if the record exists, update or create it accordingly. Handle file operations and updates.
12586	Create a new record from dump by creating the record, setting its timestamp and data, inserting the record identifier, and committing the changes. Then, update the record with the remaining revisions and return the updated record.
12587	Updates an existing record with new revisions, timestamps, and creation time.
12588	Create persistent identifiers for a record.
12589	Delete a record and its persistent identifiers.
12590	cubic Talent
12591	Create a file with multiple versions, set head version, and return the last object.
12592	Delete buckets associated with files in a record. Iterate through files, collect unique bucket IDs, and update their deletion status to True.
12593	Filter persistent identifiers that do not exist.
12594	Prepares revisions by iterating through records and appending the result of `_prepare_revision` method.
12595	Parses and sorts files from a data dump by their version.
12596	Prepare persistent identifiers by iterating through fetchers and appending non-empty results to a list.
12597	Check if the record is marked as deleted.
12598	Load community data and save to database, handling logo if present.
12599	def load_featured(data):
    Load featured community data from dictionary and add to session.

    :param data: Dictionary with community featuring data.
    :type data: dict
12600	Dumps data from Invenio legacy, filtering by query, date, and flags, and writing to JSON files in chunks.
12601	```text
def check(thing):
    """Check data in Invenio legacy."""
    init_app_context()
    try:
        thing_func = collect_things_entry_points()[thing]
    except KeyError:
        click.Abort(f"{thing} is not in the list of available things to migrate: {collect_things_entry_points()}")
    click.echo(f"Querying {thing}...")
    count, items = thing_func.get_check()
    i = 0
    click.echo(f"Checking {thing}...")
    with click.progressbar(length=count) as bar:
        for _id in items:
            thing_func.check(_id)
            i += 1
            bar.update(i)
```
12602	Deletes resources by removing actions, event handlers, and the background. Addresses potential memory leak by handling weak method references.
12603	Computes the magnitude of a vector by summing the squares of its elements and taking the square root.
12604	Normalizes the given vector by dividing each element by the magnitude of the vector.
12605	Transforms 2D texture coordinates to 3D by mapping them to internal coordinates, ensuring values are within 0-1 range for visual correctness.
12606	Ensures per-entity bone data is initialized in dictionary format. Adds entity if absent and sets initial rotation and length.
12607	Sets the length of a bone in an entity dictionary.
12608	Sets the parent of a bone, registers it as a child of the parent, and ensures internal state is initialized.
12609	Calculates the pivot point relative to an entity by recursively calling parent's method and applying offset.
12610	initializes animation by setting up an internal data structure with keyframe, last_tick, jumptype, and phase variables.
12611	Translates the matrix to the position of the actor using its current position coordinates.
12612	Resets actor's state by translating the matrix to its original position.
12613	Enables and binds the texture of the region's material.
12614	Disables the target of the texture of the material and unsets the rotation of the bone.
12615	Initializes `obj` with required model data if not already initialized.
12616	Re-renders an object's model by updating vertex and texture coordinates based on current data.
12617	Checks object has model data,If manual render is set, draws the object's batch.
12618	Sets the model for the actor and initializes it, cleaning up the old model if present.
12619	Writes reports to a specified path using the given suite and package names.
12620	converts test reports into an XML file
12621	Adds a menu to the list of menus and sends an event if no menu is currently selected.
12622	Redraws the label's text by updating its font name, size, color, position, and dimensions centered on the label's default position.
12623	Re-calculates and updates the position and size of a label's text and default components based on the component's dimensions and border.
12624	This method draws a submenu and its background, setting the OpenGL state for 2D drawing. It handles different types of backgrounds, including layers, custom draw methods, lists or tuples, callable functions, and predefined backgrounds. It also ensures that all widgets are redrawn if needed and calls custom draw methods for each widget.
12625	Deletes a widget by name, removing it from the widget dictionary and calling the delete method on the widget. Includes experimental note about memory leak.
12626	Recalculates the position of a label based on its current size and position, adjusting the label's anchor, x, and y coordinates accordingly.
12627	Registers mouse motion and drag event handlers.
12628	Registers the up and down key handlers and schedules a redraw every 60th of a second for 60 FPS.
12629	Adds a centered main label widget to a dialog using the provided label text.
12630	Adds an OK button to a dialog for user interaction. The button is centered on the screen and positioned below the main label. When clicked, it triggers an action to exit the dialog.
12631	def exitDialog(self):
        """
        Exits the dialog, returning to the previous submenu.
        """
12632	Adds a confirm button with a specified label. The button is positioned slightly below the main label and to the left of the cancel button. When clicked, it triggers a confirmation action and closes the dialog.
12633	Adds a cancel button with a specified label, positioned below the main label and to the right of the confirm button. The button triggers the "cancel" action and exits the dialog when clicked.
12634	Updates the progressbar label based on the current value, minimum, and maximum values. Recalculates the percentage complete and updates the label accordingly. Automatically triggered when any property of the class is set.
12635	Renders the world in 3D mode, calling the render method on each actor.
12636	Renders the world by calling the superclass's render3d method and then drawing the batch3d.
12637	Starts a new step and returns a context manager. The context manager allows reporting errors and ensures the step is properly ended.
12638	check if a resource exists by name and optional extension
12639	Adds a new texture category with the given name. Overrides category if it exists. Initializes category data structures and sends an event.
12640	Checks if a missing texture exists, loads it if found, or creates a purple square pattern if not.
12641	Retrieves a model object by name, returning a cached version if available, or loading and caching it if not.
12642	Loads a model by name, inserts it into the cache, and sends a load event.
12643	Retrieves model data by name, loading and caching if not already present.
12644	Loads model data from a JSON file, extracts materials, bones, regions, and animations, and stores them in a cache for future use.
12645	Adds a widget to the container, preventing self-referential addition to avoid recursion.
12646	Checks if submenu is visible, enables/disables scissor test, draws the submenu, and restores scissor test if necessary.
12647	Redraws the background and child widgets by updating their vertex lists and initializing the background if necessary.
12648	Redraws the background and contents, adjusting for scrollbar movement. Updates scrollbar position and size dynamically. Calls parent class's on_redraw method.
12649	Checks if a point (mpos) is within the axis-aligned bounding box (AABB) defined by a position (pos) and a size.
12650	Calculates the percentage of a slider filled based on its current value 'n', minimum value 'nmin', and maximum value 'nmax', ensuring a denominator of at least 1 to avoid division by zero.
12651	Adds a layer to the stack at a specified z-value or at the end if no z-value is provided. Raises a TypeError if the layer is not an instance of Layer.
12652	Get a region from a buffer, mapping it as a contiguous array of attribute data, considering stride and offset.
12653	Draws vertices in the domain using specified OpenGL mode and vertex list. If no vertex list is provided, all vertices are drawn efficiently. Handles different vertex list scenarios and uses multi-draw functions if available.
12654	Adds a callback function to an action, storing positional and keyword arguments to be passed when the action is triggered.
12655	Calls all callbacks registered for a given action.
12656	Registers a name to the registry with an optional ID.
12657	Inserts a layer at a specified Z index or its default, maintaining order.
12658	Draws all layers of a LayeredWidget by calling the parent's draw method and then each layer's _draw method
12659	Deletes all layers in the self.layers list, clears the dictionary and the parent's delete method is called.
12660	@property
def border(self):
    if callable(self._border):
        return util.WatchingList(self._border(*(self.widget.pos+self.widget.size)),self._wlredraw_border)
    else:
        return util.WatchingList(self._border,self._wlredraw_border)
12661	Property to set/get the layer's offset, causing an immediate redraw on change.
12662	Returns the size of a widget layer, excluding the border size.
12663	Reads a mesh from an HDF5 file, populating a Mesh object with node data, connectivity, sets, surfaces, and fields.
12664	This method `_make_conn` generates connectivity information for a given shape using Numba for performance optimization. It creates a NumPy array where each element represents connectivity patterns for a grid defined by the input shape. The method supports 2D and 3D shapes, creating different connectivity patterns based on the number of dimensions.
12665	Sets the fields attribute with a list of field values provided as arguments.
12666	Adds fields to a list.
12667	Checks if all element types in the instance's elements are allowed. If not, raises a ValueError. Outputs "Elements: OK" if all types are allowed.
12668	Returns the dimension of the embedded space for each element.
12669	Returns a dataframe with element volumes and centroids.
12670	The method calculates and returns internal angles of all elements, along with statistics such as maximum and minimum angles and angular deviations, for a specified element type.
12671	Computes and returns the aspect ratio of all elements by calculating edge lengths and then the aspect ratio based on the maximum and minimum lengths.
12672	Returns mesh quality and geometric stats by concatenating centroids/volumes, angles, and edges stats and sorting the result.
12673	Creates a node set from an element set by marking elements in a specified tag as True in the nodes dictionary.
12674	Converts a node set to surface by creating a dummy node, extracting element surfaces, and calculating their product to determine the surface elements.
12675	Updates element sets based on surface data.
12676	Returns a dataframe containing fields metadata, concatenated and transposed, sorted by step_num, frame, label, and position.
12677	Returns a dataframe containing metadata such as part, step_num, step_label, frame, frame_value, label, and position.
12678	Checks if the working directory exists and creates it if it doesn't.
12679	Runs post-processing script for the specified solver (e.g., Abaqus), processes output, and prints duration if verbose.
12680	Runs Gmsh to generate a mesh, saves it as a .msh file, and reads it into the self.mesh attribute.
12681	Reads a history output report from a CSV file, processes the data by adding a 'step' column based on the given 'steps' list, and optionally renames a column.
12682	Reads and processes a field output report, extracting metadata and data, and returns a class instance with the processed data.
12683	Converts a list-like to a formatted string with specified line width and indentation, handling line breaks and commas.
12684	Returns an Abaqus INP formatted string for a given linear equation.
12685	Returns a set as a string with unsorted option using the index labels of a DataFrame.
12686	Parses API response and raises errors based on status code and payload content.
12687	Builds a URL for a specified method and arguments, constructs a payload with API key and secret, processes 'to' and 'files' parameters, sends a POST request, and parses the response.
12688	Ensures code is clear and concise without unnecessary details.
12689	Writes a field report for an ODB and formats it with metadata and data in CSV format.
12690	Lists components based on type, loads component data using a loader, and outputs their IDs.
12691	Return error message for attribute assignment errors in subclasses.
12692	Return True if the last exception was thrown by a Descriptor instance
12693	This method sets Series data by checking if data attributes are present and valid. If valid, it creates XVariable and YVariable objects, contributes them to the class, and assigns data as a zipped list of points. If not, it raises exceptions for missing axes or data.
12694	def _get_axis_mode(self, axis): Check if all axes are TimeVariable instances; return 'time' if true, otherwise None
12695	Updates the 'mode' option for 'xaxis' and 'yaxis' in graph plotting options if they exist.
12696	Creates a class object with given name, a setter function, and initialization attributes.
12697	Cycles through notifications with the latest results from data feeds.
12698	Try to convert a given value to a numeric type, raising a ValueError if it's not possible.
12699	str_to_num converts a string representation of a numeric value to either an integer or a floating-point number based on its content.
12700	A method that takes a parser and token, splits the token to extract graph type and attributes, generates a unique ID if not provided, and returns a GraphRenderer object with the graph type, attributes, and ID.
12701	Try using BeautifulSoup's `UnicodeDammit` to convert a string to Unicode, fallback to UTF-8 with errors ignored if it fails, and remove any encoding declarations.
12702	clean_html(raw, stream_item=None, encoding=None): Cleans raw text to sanitized, pretty HTML.
12703	Returns True if the given MIME type matches any item in a list of include MIME types (case-insensitive). Returns False if the list is empty or the MIME type is None. Uses startswith to handle encodings in HTTP header Content-Type.
12704	Extracts a clean lower-case domain name from a URL, handles exceptions, and removes slashes.
12705	Splits domain string by '.' and returns list of strings with progressively cut-off leftmost portions.
12706	Converts a token to UTF-8 if it's unicode, hashes it using MurmurHash3, and replaces a reserved hash value.
12707	Collects words from a stream item, filters by tagger IDs, cleanses, limits size, and counts non-stop words.
12708	Records the index for a single document by counting tokens and updating hash counts, frequencies, and keywords in the respective tables.
12709	Fetches strings corresponding to a given Murmur hash, excluding a specific key. Returns a list of unicode strings.
12710	get document frequencies for a list of hashes, return map from hash to document frequency
12711	The function `lookup` retrieves stream IDs associated with a given hash from a key-value store. It scans parameters within a hash-value index table and yields string values that can be used for further operations such as retrieving stream items or feeding into a job queue. The function is efficient for common terms but may yield a large number of results, prompting caution when handling the output. It only works if the index was written with `hash_docs` enabled, and it avoids documents corresponding to a specific hash key.
12712	Retrieves term frequencies for a given hash, yielding stream IDs and corresponding frequencies.
12713	Given a file-like object f, returns a generator producing valid StreamItems by filtering out None values after mapping each item with _make_stream_item using ProtoStreamReader.
12714	Converts a spinn3r feed entry to a StreamItem, handling relevant metadata and content extraction. Returns None if any required data is missing.
12715	Create ContentItem from spinn3r node, handling zlib compression and UTF-8 normalization.
12716	Reads a varint from the file, decodes it, unread the remainder, and returns the value.
12717	Reads a protobuf-encoded object from a file block.
12718	Converts a StreamItem key into a 20-byte packed representation using the md5 hash and integer timestamp.
12719	Transforms a StreamItem into a kvlayer key and a compressed, encrypted blob for storage.
12720	Change the current working directory, execute a block of code, and then restore the original working directory upon exit.
12721	Removes a prefix from a string if present; raises an error if prefix is strict and not present.
12722	Removes the suffix if present, otherwise returns the original string. Raises an error if strict and suffix not present.
12723	Checks if all elements of 'needle' appear in 'haystack' in the same order, ignoring extra elements in 'haystack'.
12724	def cube():
    """Create and configure an Ice WSGI application with a default home page and error handler."""
    app = Ice()
    @app.get('/')
    def default_home_page(): return simple_html('It works!', '<h1>It works!</h1><p>This is the default ice web page.</p>')

    @app.error()
    def generic_error_page(): return simple_html(app.response.status_line, f'<h1>{app.response.status_line}</h1><p>{app.response.status_detail}</p><hr><address>Ice/{__version__}</address>')

    def simple_html(title, body): return f'<!DOCTYPE html>\n<html>\n<head><title>{title}</title></head>\n<body>\n{body}\n</body>\n</html>'

    return app
12725	Run the app using a simple WSGI server on the specified host and port.
12726	Stop WSGI server and close resources.
12727	Decorator to add route for HTTP requests.
12728	Decorator to add error handlers for HTTP response statuses, with an optional fallback handler for undefined statuses.
12729	Serves the content of a static file as a response. Sanitizes the root and path to prevent directory traversal, guesses the media type if not provided, sets the Content-Type and charset headers, and reads the file content in binary mode.
12730	Return an error page based on the response status, using custom handlers or a rudimentary one if none is found.
12731	Add a route by specifying the HTTP method, request path pattern, and callback function to handle the route. The method normalizes the pattern and categorizes it as literal, wildcard, or regex, then stores the route in the appropriate dictionary or list.
12732	Method to resolve a request to a route handler based on HTTP method and path. Returns a tuple with route handler, positional arguments, and keyword arguments, or None if no match found.
12733	Resolve a request to a wildcard or regex route handler. Returns a tuple of route handler, positional arguments, and keyword arguments if a match is found, otherwise returns None.
12734	def _normalize_pattern(pattern): Normalize the pattern by removing prefix and returning type and pattern as a tuple.
12735	def response(self):
    """Return the HTTP response body as a byte sequence."""
    if self.body is bytes:
        out = self.body
    elif self.body is str:
        out = self.body.encode(self.charset)
    else:
        out = b''

    self.add_header('Content-Type', self.content_type)
    self.add_header('Content-Length', str(len(out)))

    self.start(self.status_line, self._headers)
    return [out]
12736	Adds an HTTP header to the response object if the value is not None.
12737	Adds a Set-Cookie header to the response object with the given name, value, and attributes.
12738	Return the HTTP response status line based on the status code and corresponding phrase.
12739	Return the Content-Type header based on media_type and charset.
12740	Return the list of all values for the specified key, using a default empty list if the key does not exist.
12741	The `rmtree` function recursively removes a directory and its contents, including nested directories and files. It first attempts to use `shutil.rmtree` to delete the directory, but falls back to a manual recursive deletion if `shutil.rmtree` fails (e.g., due to read-only permissions). The function retries removing each file a specified number of times before giving up, and logs any errors encountered. It can optionally follow symbolic links.
12742	Returns a list of open file descriptors for the current process on UNIX-like OSes. Optionally logs the output in verbose mode.
12743	Function generates file type stats from stream items, currently analyzing the first five non-whitespace characters and classifying as HTML, PROBABLY_HTML, XML, PDF, or UNK.
12744	get a rejester.WorkUnit, fetch it, and save some counts about it
12745	The function `attempt_fetch` downloads a file from S3, decrypts it, decompresses it, and then iterates over its contents. It counts the number of streams, the number of sentences containing 'serif', the number of clean visible bytes, and collects stream IDs and their respective languages. It handles exceptions and returns various counts and stream information.
12746	Reads a file, returns a list of non-empty lines.
12747	Return a 2-tuple of a species and a describer, with the describer either prefixing or suffixing the species.
12748	Returns an ordered 2-tuple of a species and a describer, ensuring the letter count doesn't exceed `maxlen` and that the last letter of the first item is different from the first letter of the second item if `prevent_stutter` is True.
12749	Performs morphological analysis on a Japanese sentence using the GoolabsAPI. Processes input parameters, cleans the sentence, and constructs a request. Filters and formats the results based on the provided parameters and outputs them.
12750	```python
def similarity(ctx, app_id, json_flag, query_pair, request_id):
    clean_app_id(app_id)
    api = GoolabsAPI(app_id)
    ret = api.similarity(query_pair=query_pair, request_id=request_id)
    if json_flag:
        click.echo(format_json(api.response.json()))
    else:
        click.echo('{0:.16f}'.format(ret['score']))
```
12751	Converts Japanese text to Hiragana or Katakana using an API, processes input, and outputs the result in either text or JSON format.
12752	Extracts and prints unique entity representation from a sentence using GoolabsAPI, applying filters if specified.
12753	Summarizes reviews into a short summary using the GoolabsAPI.
12754	This method extracts keywords from a document using the GoolabsAPI, clean preprocessed body text and title. It also retrieves a request_id and maximum number of keywords. If a JSON flag is provided, it outputs the response in JSON format using PrettyJSON, otherwise it outputs individual keywords with scores.
12755	Extract a date and time expression from a sentence, normalize its value, and print it. If a JSON flag is set, output the result in JSON format.
12756	Creates a pipeline stage by instantiating `stage` with `config` and injecting `tmp_dir_path` and `third_dir_path` from `scp_config`. Handles both callable stages and stage names in the registry. Merges `config` with default configuration and injects additional directories. Returns an instantiated stage object.
12757	Create a list of indirect stages using a configuration item. For each stage name in the config, create and return a corresponding list of stage objects.
12758	def _init_all_stages(self, config):
    Initializes stages for a pipeline using a configuration dictionary. Returns a tuple containing a reader, incremental transforms, batch transforms, post-batch incremental transforms, writers, and a temporary directory path.
12759	Run the pipeline, processing input and, if necessary, generating new (transformed) output files.
12760	Run a set of writers over an intermediate chunk of data, capture their outputs, and return a list of output file paths.
12761	Applies a series of transforms to a stream item, discarding items deleted by transforms. Logs warnings and critical errors for failed transforms. Adds valid, transformed items to self.t_chunk and returns them. Raises exceptions for invalid stream items.
12762	Replace the top-level pipeline configurable object using sources like `external_stages_path` and `external_stages_modules`.
12763	```python
def make_app():
    """Initialize a WSGI app with HTTPie components, handling requests and generating responses."""
```
12764	builds chains of tokens with the same entity type
12765	def ALL_mentions(target_mentions, chain_mentions):
    Searches for each target mention in chain mentions. Returns True if all target mentions are found as substrings in chain mentions, otherwise returns False.
12766	The function `ANY_mentions` checks if any string in `target_mentions` is a substring of any string in `chain_mentions`. It returns `True` if at least one match is found, otherwise `False`.
12767	Iterate through tokens and check for matches against compiled regexes derived from mention patterns. Yield matching tokens after verifying consecutive matches.
12768	Process tokens in a stream item to find near-exact matches with ratings and update annotations accordingly.
12769	Runs a tagger as a child process to get XML output, handles exceptions and memory errors, and logs the duration of the tagging process.
12770	Process XML-based NER data to align and merge it with input chunks into output chunks, handling tagging, sentences, relations, and attributes.
12771	Sends a SIGTERM signal to the child process if it exists, handling the case where the child process has already terminated.
12772	Returns a Pattern that matches exactly n repetitions of Pattern p using exponentiation by squaring.
12773	Replace angle bracket emails with unique key by encoding `<` as `&lt;` and `>` as `&gt;`.
12774	Yields sentences from a string, skipping any that are eaten by earlier sentences with labels and avoiding splitting labels.
12775	def make_label_index(self, stream_item):
        Create a sorted collection of labels from stream_item for a specific annotator, using character offsets as the key.
12776	def make_sentences(self, stream_item):
    'Assemble Sentence and Token objects'
    self.make_label_index(stream_item)
    sentences = []
    token_num = 0
    new_mention_id = 0
    for sent_start, sent_end, sent_str in self._sentences(stream_item.body.clean_visible):
        assert isinstance(sent_str, unicode)
        sent = Sentence()
        sentence_pos = 0
        for start, end in self.word_tokenizer.span_tokenize(sent_str):
            token_str = sent_str[start:end].encode('utf8')
            tok = Token(
                token_num=token_num,
                token=token_str,
                sentence_pos=sentence_pos,
            )
            tok.offsets[OffsetType.CHARS] = Offset(
                type=OffsetType.CHARS,
                first=sent_start + start,
                length=end - start,
            )
            try:
                label = self.label_index.find_le(sent_start + start)
            except ValueError:
                label = None
            if label:
                off = label.offsets[OffsetType.CHARS]
                if off.first + off.length > sent_start + start:
                    streamcorpus.add_annotation(tok, label)
                    logger.debug('adding label to tok: %r has %
12777	Converts HTML and XML entities in a string to Unicode. Optionally pads with spaces and restricts conversion to safe entities.
12778	write cleansed text to temp file with filename and body
12779	Runs a child process to generate NER output using a specified pipeline command, captures the output, and logs the creation time.
12780	Converts text to lowercase, strips punctuation, and normalizes whitespace.
12781	This method reads chunks from an NER file and aligns them with existing chunk data, adding NER information and applying specific labels to tokens. It iterates through chunks, extracts NER data, matches names (e.g., John Smith), and updates the chunk with the processed information before saving it to a new file.
12782	Converts relative paths in a config dictionary to absolute paths using a specified root path, handling nested dictionaries and ignoring URL values.
12783	Set up and load external modules from a configuration file. Convert paths to absolute, store config hash and JSON, add 'pythonpath' to sys.path, and load 'setup_modules'. Exit if errors occur.
12784	This method generates StreamItem instances from files in 35 input directories, assuming a fixed creation time for all items. It reads text files, constructs StreamItem objects with ContentItems and annotations, and yields them for processing in a pipeline.
12785	Replaces HTML tags and script/style content with whitespace in a binary string, converting pre-existing whitespace to single spaces, and appending characters after the last tag.
12786	Converts HTML-like Unicode string to a UTF-8 encoded string with all tags replaced by whitespace, handling Unicode characters, pre-existing whitespace, and protecting emails.
12787	Writes clean_visible text from chunks to an XML file with proper handling of stream IDs and UTF-8 encoding.
12788	Def cleanse(span, lower=True):
Convert a unicode string into lowercase, remove punctuation, and replace PennTreebank brackets with spaces. Optionally lowercase and strip whitespace.
12789	Reads HTML from a file, processes it to remove tag characters, and prints each character after comparing it with the original.
12790	Tries to dynamically load a module and function to create a stage, ignoring import errors and logging warnings if the module or function is not found.
12791	Load a Python module from a given path, extract the `Stages` dictionary, and update the current instance with it.
12792	Load an external module and update the stages with the module's `Stages` dictionary if it contains one. If the module cannot be imported or does not have the `Stages` attribute, raise an `ImportError`.
12793	def init_stage(self, name, config):
    Retrieve and return a callable stage based on the provided name and configuration. Raises KeyError if the stage name is unknown.
12794	Iterates through idx_bytes until it encounters a byte in stop_bytes or not in run_bytes, collecting bytes until the stop condition is met. Returns the index of the last byte and the collected bytes.
12795	def href_filter(self, href):
checks if href is an absolute URL if 'require_abs_url' is True, returns True if 'all_domains' is True, otherwise checks domain substrings in the URL
12796	This method generates labels for hyperlinks (`hrefs`) extracted from a given HTML based on the specified offset type (`BYTES`, `CHARS`, or `LINES`). It filters the hyperlinks using a custom filter function (`href_filter`). For each valid hyperlink, it creates a label with an annotation from the 'author' annotator and sets the offset information accordingly. If `clean_visible` is provided, it includes additional verification logic to ensure the HTML content matches the visible text. Finally, it returns a list of created labels.
12797	def paths(input_dir):
    'yield all file paths under input_dir'
    for root, dirs, fnames in os.walk(input_dir):
        for i_fname in fnames:
            i_path = os.path.join(root, i_fname)
            yield i_path
12798	Iterates over a range of_rows from self._tasks, filters rows based on a key_prefix, loads task_data as JSON, adds task_key, and yields the data.
12799	Chooses a random key from the first `max_iter` rows in the `_available` table using a consitency level of `ConsistencyLevel.ALL`.
12800	Tokenize words and keep NER labels, preserving mention IDs for multi-token mentions within the same coref chain.
12801	def get_sentences(self, ner_dom):
    '''Parse sentences and tokens from XML'''
    lp_parser = LingPipeParser(self.config)
    lp_parser.set(ner_dom)
    sentences = list(lp_parser.sentences())
    return sentences, lp_parser.relations, lp_parser.attributes
12802	Decorator for retrying methods due to intermittent failures, with increasing delays between retries until a configurable number of tries is reached.
12803	Verify MD5 hash of data against expected value; raise exception if mismatch.
12804	This function manages AWS configuration, retrieves credentials from files or environment variables, and returns a boto.Bucket object using the specified or default bucket name.
12805	Given raw data from S3, returns a generator for items based on the `input_format` configuration. Raises `ConfigurationError` if an invalid format is provided or if the version for `streamitem` input is incorrect.
12806	This method retrieves a chunk of records from an S3 bucket using the provided bucket name and key path. It handles errors if the key does not exist or if there is no data. It also supports decryption and decompression based on file extensions and logs relevant information during the process. Finally, it verifies the MD5 checksum if required, and returns the decoded data.
12807	Converts a text stream ID to a kvlayer key tuple, raising a KeyError if the ID is malformed.
12808	Converts a kvlayer key tuple to a text stream ID by combining epoch ticks with a hash of the absolute URL in hexadecimal format.
12809	Calculate the MD5 hash of the binary representation of the absolute URL from a stream item and combine it with the epoch ticks of the stream item's timestamp to create a key tuple for kvlayer.
12810	The method sets up a simple web server listening on a specified hostname and port. It parses command-line arguments, initializes logging, loads plugins, creates an app, and starts the server.
12811	Builds an argument parser for HTTPony with options for IP address and port.
12812	Tag tokens in a stream item with XPath offsets. For each sentence, convert to char tokens and then to char offsets. Convert xpaths to offsets and add them to token offsets if computable.
12813	Converts sentences to character tokens.
12814	Converts offsets to character ranges for each token.
12815	Function converts character offsets in HTML to XPath offsets. It handles zero-length tokens and ensures progress with parser by feeding it characters if necessary. Returns generator of XpathRange objects.
12816	The function `add_element` records occurrences of HTML tags, collapsing adjacent text nodes and updating the count of each tag in a dictionary.
12817	def xpath_piece(self):
    Returns an XPath fragment for the current location in the format 'tag[n]' or 'text()[n]', where 'tag' is the most recent element added and 'n' is its position.
12818	Counts and returns the current one-based index of the text node among all text nodes encountered, adjusting the index if the last node was not a text node.
12819	Recursively yields all descendant elements of the given element in document order.
12820	Yields elements from a source, recursively unpacking if the source is an element.
12821	Yields elements with the given name from the source iterator after filtering.
12822	Yields elements from the source whose name matches the given regular expression pattern.
12823	Yields elements from the source with the specified attribute, optionally comparing the attribute value.
12824	Yields sibling elements and text following a given element in document order.
12825	Add text nodes for spacing and indentation to a MicroXML element's descendants, making it easier to read. Modifies the element in place, adding new text nodes where needed.
12826	Calls inkscape CLI with specified arguments and returns its return value, handling binary path lookup and validation.
12827	def inkscape_export(input_file, output_file, export_flag="-A", dpi=90, inkscape_binpath=None):
    """
    Calls Inkscape to export an SVG file to the specified output format using the given export flag and DPI.
    Validates the input file exists, constructs command arguments, and executes Inkscape.
    Raises an IOError if the input file is not found.
    Returns the command call return value.
    """
12828	Converts SVG to PDF using either inkscape or rsvg based on support_unicode flag.
12829	Converts SVG file to PNG using Inkscape.
12830	Return a Jinja2 environment for the directory of the given file path. Raises an IOError if the directory does not exist.
12831	Setup self.template with the given template file path.
12832	Fill the document content using the provided information, handling exceptions and storing the result.
12833	Saves template content to a text file with specified encoding, handling exceptions and logging errors.
12834	Factory function to create a specific document type based on either a command or the extension of a template file.
12835	Fills document content with information from `doc_contents`, replacing special symbols with XML codes before templating.
12836	Saves SVG content in the specified rendered format (png, pdf, svg) at the given file path with options for dpi and unicode support.
12837	def render(self, file_path, **kwargs):
Saves the content of the .text file in a temporary .tex file and then renders it to PDF using the specified render function, handling exceptions and logging errors.
12838	Parses XML 1.0 input and converts it to MicroXML using a provided handler, returning the MicroXML element and extra information like namespaces.
12839	Parses HTML text into an Amara 3 tree. Uses `html5lib.HTMLParser` to handle the parsing. Returns the first HTML element found in the parsed document.
12840	Parse a markup fragment in HTML mode, return a bindery node.
12841	### Summary:
Inserts text data into the current node, placing it before a specified node or at the end of the node's text if no node is specified.
12842	Insert node as a child before refNode in the current node's list of children. Raises ValueError if refNode is not a child.
12843	Return a shallow copy of the current node with the same name and attributes but without parent or child nodes.
12844	Generates and saves input files for a benchmark, compiles the benchmark, runs it, and extracts performance metrics.
12845	Recursively constructs XPath-like string value of a node, collecting text and calling itself for child elements.
12846	Inserts a child node at a specified index or appends it to the end if no index is provided. If the child is a string, it converts it to a text node.
12847	def parse_config(options):
Reads config file and returns settings if valid, otherwise exits with error.
12848	Retrieve Google API credentials for a user through OAuth 2.0 flow or from a storage file.
12849	Create event start and end datetimes based on current time and specified configuration.
12850	Create event in calendar with SMS reminder using provided options, config, and credentials.
12851	Main function parses options, config, and credentials, then creates an event if Google credentials are not provided.
12852	def get_extension(filepath, check_if_exists=False): Checks if file exists, returns its extension. Raises error if file not found.
12853	Check if a file has a specific extension, and add it if it doesn't. Optionally, verify that the file exists.
12854	This function creates a temporary file with a specified suffix in a given directory or the system's default temporary directory if no directory is provided. It returns the path to the created file.
12855	Remove files with a specific extension in a work directory.
12856	Converts CSV to JSON by reading a CSV file, optionally skipping the first line, and writing the data to a JSON file.
12857	Modifies a file's content by replacing occurrences of a substring with another substring.
12858	Parse HTML tags and apply various transformations, including creating italic, strong, and underline styles, removing comments, handling empty tags, and finding and processing tokens.
12859	Check if the next sibling is an anchor tag with the same `href` value. If so, combine their text and add the anchor to a blacklist.
12860	Checks if a span tag has italic style and wraps it with an em tag if true.
12861	def create_strong(self, tag):
    """
    Check if the tag has a bold style and wrap it with a strong tag.
    """
12862	If the tag has an underline style in its 'style' attribute, wrap it with a 'u' tag using the soup object.
12863	Rejects attributes not in ATTR_WHITELIST for a given tag.
12864	Remove Unicode characters, extra spaces, and newlines from input string.
12865	Extracts the "real" URL from a Google redirected URL using the `q` querystring parameter.
12866	If the tagname is 'a' and the attribute is 'href', delegate to href parser; otherwise, return the value.
12867	Renames keys in a dictionary based on a translation table, leaving unmatched keys unchanged.
12868	Converts data to a JSON string representation, including the class name and sorting keys.
12869	Searches for files matching a regex pattern in a specified folder and its subfolders, returning a list of absolute file paths.
12870	Concats given strings.
12871	Yields True if the first string starts with the second; otherwise, yields False.
12872	Checks if the first string contains the second string.
12873	# string_length Summary
Accepts a context and an optional string. Returns the length of the string, defaulting to the context's node if no string is provided. Handles callable inputs by computing them and using the result.
12874	Yields `False` if the argument sequence is empty or if the first item is a boolean that is `False`, a number that is zero or NaN, or a string that is empty. Yields `True` in all other cases.
12875	Iterates over a sequence, applying an expression to each item. Yields the result of the expression.
12876	def lookup_(ctx, tableid, key):
    '''
    Looks up a value in a specified table with a given key from the context and yields the result. If unsuccessful, yields an empty sequence.
    '''
12877	Replaces special characters in SVG code with their HTML entities.
12878	Checks if `svg_file` is a string and attempts to read it as an SVG file. If `svg_file` is an SVG object, it returns the object. Raises exceptions or errors if the input is invalid.
12879	Merges two SVG files by appending the second file's content to the first at specified coordinates and scale.
12880	Merges multiple PDF files into a single PDF file specified by the output path.
12881	Embed SVG fonts into an SVG file
12882	Writes TTF/OTF fonts to an SVG file and saves the result.
12883	def _check_inputs(self): basic checks on inputs; ensures iterability and proper subclass of Input
12884	def _check_function(self):
    ''' Ensure the function is callable and has exactly one argument '''
    if not callable(self._function):
        raise RuntimeError(f"Provided function '{self._function}' is not callable")
    arg_info = getargspec(self._function)
    if len(arg_info.args) != 1:
        raise RuntimeError(f"Provided function should have one argument but found {len(arg_info.args)}")
12885	Recursive routine for generating input combinations. Calls itself with a list of inputs and an output list. For each input, it iterates through its options, recursively calling itself with the remaining inputs and updated output. If no more inputs, it calls a function with the output and prints the result along with a boolean indicating validity.
12886	`Create an input file using Jinja2 by filling a template with values from the option variable. Restructure option list into Jinja2 input format, load the specified template, and render it with the input data. Return the rendered output as a string.`
12887	This method generates all combinations of elements from the input list up to a specified maximum depth. It uses recursion to explore all possible combinations by adding each element to the current output and moving to the next level of recursion until the maximum depth is reached. When the maximum depth is reached, the current combination is added to the options list.
12888	Converts an arbitrary object or sequence to a string. Handles `LiteralWrapper`, `Iterable` (except strings), `node`, `int`, `float`, and `bool` types. Returns an empty string for `None`, the original string for strings, and converts other types using built-in `str()` or custom `strval()` function. Raises a `RuntimeError` for unsupported types.
12889	Converts an arbitrary object or sequence to a number type, handling different types like LiteralWrapper, Iterable, None, str, node, int, and float, and raising an error for unknown types.
12890	def to_boolean(obj):
    '''
    Converts an arbitrary sequence to a boolean value
    '''
    if isinstance(obj, LiteralWrapper):
        val = obj.obj
    elif isinstance(obj, Iterable) and not isinstance(obj, str):
        val = next(obj, None)
    else:
        val = obj
    if val is None:
        return False
    elif isinstance(val, bool):
        return val
    elif isinstance(val, str):
        return bool(val)
    elif isinstance(val, node):
        return True
    elif isinstance(val, float) or isinstance(val, int):
        return bool(val)
    else:
        raise RuntimeError('Unknown type for boolean conversion: {}'.format(val))
12891	def _serialize(xp_ast):
    '''Convert AST to a valid XPath string serialization.'''
    if hasattr(xp_ast, '_serialize'):
        for tok in xp_ast._serialize():
            yield(tok)
    elif isinstance(xp_ast, str):
        yield(repr(xp_ast))
12892	Modify the encoding in an XML file by replacing the source encoding with the destination encoding.
12893	This function takes a string, generates a QR code in SVG format, and saves it to a specified file. It also allows for optional customization of the QR code's color and size.
12894	Set the GROMACS input using provided options, run GROMACS, and return run success and results if successful.
12895	Calls a CLI command with provided arguments and returns its return value, logging the command and handling exceptions.
12896	Converts TeX files to PDF using pdflatex. Handles output file paths, formats, and cleans up temporary files.
12897	This method generates potential loop fusion options for a given Psy object. It dynamically computes options based on the number of invokes and their structure. For each invoke, it examines outer loops to identify potential fusion candidates.
12898	Transforms a geometry to the specified spatial reference using GeoTools. Converts envelopes to polygons if necessary, and handles cases where the input geometry's spatial reference is unknown.
12899	Creates an ogr.Geometry instance from a GeoJSON str or dict, optionally with a specified spatial reference.
12900	Expands the envelope by the given Envelope or tuple, adjusting the lower-left and upper-right corners accordingly.
12901	Computes the intersection of two Envelopes, updating the lower left and upper right coordinates based on the overlap or setting them to (0, 0) if there is no intersection.
12902	Returns True if this envelope intersects another, either another Envelope object or a tuple of coordinates.
12903	Returns an OGR Geometry for this envelope by creating a polygon with a ring that includes the coordinates of the envelope's corners.
12904	Creates a DataFrame from arrays Z, N, and M with Z and N as indices and M as values, then returns an instance of the class with the specified name.
12905	Exports the data to a file as tab-separated values.
12906	Selects nuclei based on a condition function that evaluates to boolean, returning a filtered Table.
12907	Get Table for given magic nuclei
12908	Returns new Table with common rows from self and provided table.
12909	Remove nuclei from the current table that exist in another table.
12910	Selects odd-even nuclei from the table.
12911	Selects even-odd nuclei from the table by filtering based on Z and N values.
12912	Selects even-even nuclei from the table
12913	Calculate error difference between current and specified mass table.
12914	Calculate the root mean squared error (RMSE) relative to a specified mass table.
12915	Binding energy calculation based on atomic mass units (AMU).
12916	Return 2-neutron separation energy using a derived property.
12917	Return neutron separation energy using the mass excess of a neutron and the difference in masses between a parent and daughter nucleus.
12918	Calculate 2-proton separation energy using a lambda function.
12919	Returns the 1 proton separation energy using a lambda function and the derived method.
12920	Helper function for derived quantities involving a given formula applied to a DataFrame with modified indices.
12921	Decorator to manage database sessions, ensuring connection setup, committing changes, rolling back on errors, and closing the connection.
12922	Computes a key from a master password using scrypt with fixed parameters and returns it, encoding it to the specified key length.
12923	Initialize a database using a given path or URI.
12924	Search the database for partial matches of a given query.
12925	Modifies an existing domain by optionally generating a new salt and changing the username. Returns the modified domain object.
12926	Create a new domain entry in the database with optional username, restricted alphabet, and key length. Automatically handle errors and raise DuplicateDomainException if insertion fails.
12927	Extracts messages from Handlebars templates and yields tuples containing line number, function name, messages, and comments.
12928	```python
def vsiprefix(path):
    """Converts a file path to a GDAL virtual filesystem prefixed path."""
    vpath = path.lower()
    scheme = VSI_SCHEMES.get(urlparse(vpath).scheme, '')
    filesys = next((VSI_TYPES[ext] for ext in VSI_TYPES if ext in vpath), '')
    filesys = filesys[:-1] if filesys and scheme else filesys
    return ''.join((filesys, scheme, path))
```
12929	Returns the EPSG ID as an int if it exists, otherwise returns None.
12930	Main function that parses arguments, executes a target function, logs the return code, and exits with that code.
12931	Initialize loggers with console handler and adjust logging levels based on verbose flag.
12932	Update content of a file from a URL, skipping lines starting with #.
12933	Returns a dictionary of enabled GDAL Driver metadata keyed by the 'ShortName' attribute.
12934	Returns the gdal.Driver for a path based on its file extension or None.
12935	Converts an OGR polygon to a 2D NumPy array using a memory driver, raster, and gdal.RasterizeLayer.
12936	Rasterize features from a layer onto a target raster using specified affine transformation and spatial reference.
12937	Returns a Raster instance from a given path or file-like object, with optional access mode.
12938	Returns an in-memory raster initialized from a pixel buffer.
12939	Copies a Raster instance or file to a new destination, handling file paths and settings.
12940	Fetches and parses driver-specific raster creation options from XML data, caching the result. Returns a dictionary of options.
12941	```python
def raster(self, path, size, bandtype=gdal.GDT_Byte):
    """Creates a new Raster instance.

    Returns a new Raster instance from a file or path, with specified size and band type.
    Raises errors for invalid or existing files.
    """
```
12942	Sets the affine transformation using a method interceptor, converting a sequence to an AffineTransform if necessary, and then passes it to the underlying dataset object.
12943	>Returns an NDArray, optionally subset by spatial envelope. If an envelope is provided, it uses the get_offset method to calculate the necessary arguments before reading the array.
12944	Calculates and returns the minimum bounding rectangle of a dataset as a tuple (min X, min Y, max X, max Y). If the rectangle has not been calculated yet, it uses the affine transformation and dataset size to compute it and stores the result in `_envelope`.
12945	Gets underlying ImageDriver instance, initializes if None.
12946	Derives a new Raster instance with specified size and affine transformation.
12947	Returns a MaskedArray filtered by nodata values and optional geometry transformation.
12948	Returns the nodata value for the first band of a raster, caching the result if not already set.
12949	Reads raster data bytes for a given extent, defaulting to the full raster size.
12950	Resample image to new size using specified interpolation method.
12951	Def save(self, to, driver=None):
    Save instance to specified path and format.
    Determines driver based on path and keyword argument.
    Raises error if no suitable driver found.
    Closes driver after operation.
12952	Sets the spatial reference for a dataset, handling input formats and updating the dataset's projection.
12953	Reprojects image data to a new spatial reference system using GDAL.
12954	Computes the ideal chunk length for encoding based on alphabet length.
12955	This function retrieves a named charset from a predefined set (`PRESETS`). If the input charset is not found, it checks if the length is less than 16 and logs a warning. If neither condition is met, it returns the input charset as the custom alphabet.
12956	get chunk, convert to number, encode number
12957	parses a chunk of bytes to an integer using big-endian representation
12958	Divide data into chunks and return the chunk at the specified index.
12959	Memoize a function to cache results based on input, avoiding redundant calculations.
12960	Reads a file, decodes its content, splits it into lines, and compiles those lines into a single regular expression.
12961	def normalize_date_format(date): Converts date formats to aware UTC datetime objects. Handles integer (epoch time) and string input, locally normalizes timezone information if necessary.
12962	Get timezone based on system locale or use default.
12963	Converts object properties to a dictionary, handling nested lists and objects recursively.
12964	Capture exceptions and open a debugger for post-mortem analysis.
12965	def emphasis(obj, align=False):
    ''' Clearer data printing '''
    if isinstance(obj, dict):
        return "\n".join("%25s: %s" % (k, obj[k]) for k in sorted(obj.keys())) if align else json.dumps(obj, indent=4, sort_keys=True)
    else:
        return obj
12966	Asyncio function that connects to a remote master, listens for tasks, executes them using a job handler, and sends responses back. Continues until interrupted or connection is lost.
12967	Starts an asyncio event loop to connect to the master and run jobs.
12968	Runs a pool of worker processes to execute jobs by connecting to a remote HighFive master.
12969	Sets the company's classification with validation against allowed values.
12970	Adds a message to a queue and starts processing the queue if not already running.
12971	Creates and sends a message to turn on a light using the provided device ID and name.
12972	Encode a message to turn a switch on using a device ID and name, then send the message.
12973	Scales brightness from 0..255 to 1..32, constructs a message to turn on a device with the specified name and brightness, and sends the message.
12974	Method constructs and sends a message to turn off a device. It takes a device ID and name as input, formats them into a message string, and then calls another method to send the message.
12975	While the queue is not empty, process the queue by sending reliable messages.
12976	Sends a message to a LightwaveRF hub with retries and error handling.
12977	```plaintext
Generates a wrapped adapter for given file or list-like object. Raises ValueError for unsupported types. Returns CMPH adapter.
```
12978	Sets the nature of YearlyFinancials to "STANDALONE" only. Raises ValueError for other values.
12979	Update configuration section values with a dictionary. Only update if option is defined and optionally if it can be set in a config file.
12980	Restore default values of options in this section by iterating through `defaults_()` and setting each option to its default value.
12981	Sets the list of configuration files to be read in the specified order.
12982	Iterator over sections, option names, and option values. Yields tuples with sections, option names, and option values.
12983	Iterates over sections, option names, and option metadata. Yields tuples with sections, option names, and metadata.
12984	### Summary:
The `create_config_` method generates a configuration file based on specified parameters. It reads and updates existing configurations if the `update` flag is set.
12985	Update configuration options with a dictionary.
12986	Reads a config file, updates the configuration, and returns the content as a dictionary.
12987	Reads config files, parses their content, and returns a dictionary of settings, a list of empty files, and a list of faulty files.
12988	def _names(section, option):
Generate list of CLI strings for a given option based on its meta data and action type.
12989	List config sections used by a command, extending based on command type.
12990	Scans command options, updates or warns if shadowed.
12991	Add options to a parser based on a dictionary mapping.
12992	Builds a command line argument parser with options and subcommands, setting defaults and returning the parser.
12993	This method parses arguments from a list and updates options accordingly. If no argument list is provided, it uses `sys.argv[1:]`. It checks if a sub-command is specified and updates the configuration based on the parsed arguments. It returns the argument namespace.
12994	Generates zsh completion code for a command, handling options and grouping.
12995	### Summary:
Generates a zsh completion script for a command and its subcommands. Writes to a specified path, optionally making it sourceable.
12996	- Generate a list of options for a given command.
- Include help option if specified.
- Combine options from command-specific and bare configurations.
- Return a list of CLI option strings.
12997	Generates a bash completion script for a command with subcommands and options.
12998	Starts a HighFive master server on the specified host and port, returning the server instance.
12999	Method summary:

Initializes protocol object when remote worker connection is made, provided manager is not closed. Establishes transport, buffer, and worker instance, then adds worker to set.
13000	Decodes a JSON response from a line and passes it to the worker object.
13001	Closes the worker when the remote connection is lost.
13002	This method is called when a job is available for a worker. It logs that a job has been found, checks if the worker is closed, and if not, it sends the job's RPC to the remote worker.
13003	Handles the reception of a job RPC response, decodes it, and reports the result to the job manager.
13004	Closes the worker and returns any running job to the job manager.
13005	Runs a job set with jobs from an iterable list. Raises an error if the master is closed. Adds the job set through a manager.
13006	Closes the HighFive master server, cancels queued job sets, and closes all workers.
13007	Notifies all waiting tasks that a state change has occurred.
13008	Appends a new result to the internal list and calls a change method if not complete.
13009	Waits for the result set to change or become complete. If already complete, returns immediately.
13010	This method attempts to load the next job from an iterator. If successful, it increments the active job count. If the iterator is exhausted, it sets the on-deck job to None.
13011	Marks job set as complete, notifies waiting tasks.
13012	Adds completed job's result to list, decrements active job count, and calls _done() if no active jobs remain.
13013	Cancels the job set, discards queued jobs, and marks as finished.
13014	Waits until the job set is finished. Adds a future to the waiters list if jobs are active and awaits it.
13015	Distributes active jobs to waiting callbacks.
13016	Adds a job set to the manager's queue and activates it if no job set is currently running. Returns a job set handle.
13017	Waits for a job to become available, then calls the provided callback function with the job as an argument. If no job is available, adds the callback to a list.
13018	If not closed, returns a job to its original job set. Checks if callbacks are available; if so, dequeues and executes the next callback; otherwise, removes the job from its source set and returns the job to the source set.
13019	Adds the result of a job to the results list of the source job set, removing the job from the source map first.
13020	Checks if the job set is done or cancelled, updates the active job set if so, and activates the next job set in the queue.
13021	Closes the job manager, cancelling any active or queued job sets.
13022	Remove duplicates from a list by iterating and checking a set of seen elements.
13023	Checks if a regex matches an object or a string within the object if it's a container.
13024	Retrieves host entries based on filters and exclude criteria, optionally limiting the number of results.
13025	Get the current region from the environment, set it as a global variable if not already set.
13026	Filters list of host entries based on matching filters and excluding entries that match exclude patterns.
13027	Retrieves and prints the public DNS name of an EC2 instance by its name. Raises an exception if the instance is not found.
13028	```python
from_dict(cls, entry_dict): Deserializes a HostEntry from a dictionary.
```
13029	Looks up an attribute on an entry, optionally converting the result to a string and handling special cases for attributes starting with 'tags.'
13030	Sorts a list of entries by a given attribute.
13031	Converts the host object to a single line string with specified columns and a separator.
13032	Converts a boto instance object into a HostEntry by extracting various attributes.
13033	Determines if the instance matches a given filter, handling attribute-based and general regex filters.
13034	Returns the best name to display for a host, preferring the instance name if available, else using the public IP.
13035	Pretty-prints a list of entries as a table or line-by-line string based on terminal width.
13036	Adds a 'timestamp' key to the event_dict with the current Unix epoch time.
13037	Initializes a logging setup with specified level and output, using handlers for logging to null, stdout, or a file, and optionally Sentry for error reporting.
13038	Configure and return a new logger for hivy modules, optionally appending JSON rendering, unique ID, and timestamp processors.
13039	Defining a function to set up a Celery worker with specified输出格式和时区。
13040	Returns a JSON status report for a worker or all workers, handles unknown worker IDs with a 404 error.
13041	Stop and remove a worker by ID, revoke its task, update the job status, and return a JSON response.
13042	Create a boolean option that can be switched on and off in a CLI by prepending + or - to its name. Returns a configuration option with specified default value, short name, and help message.
13043	Define a configuration section handling config file returns a dict of ConfOpt with options for create, create_local, update, edit, and editor.
13044	```
Set options in a configuration manager using a list of 'section.option=value' strings, validating sections and options and converting values to the appropriate type.
```
13045	implements command handling for configuration sections, managing creation, local creation, and editing based on configuration flags.
13046	Creates completion files for both bash and zsh. Accepts a CLI manager, path, command, extra commands, and a flag for zsh sourceability.
13047	Renders a list of columns with optional borders and coloring.
13048	Render the `num`th row of each column in `columns`, applying optional colors and padding to match specified widths.
13049	Renders a table by preparing rows, transposing them, and then rendering the columns with optional borders and column coloring.
13050	Converts each row in a table to strings and ensures all rows have the same length by padding with empty strings as needed.
13051	Returns a function that colors a string based on a number between 0 and 255, using escape sequences for terminal output.
13052	Hashes a string to a number within a specified range and converts it to a color.
13053	Returns a random color between the specified minimum and maximum values.
13054	Prompts user for input. Exits with a message if interrupted or EOF. Converts input to integer if possible. Returns default value if input is empty. Otherwise, returns the input as a string.
13055	Check user credentials using provided username and password, returning the user object if found, or None otherwise.
13056	def check_token(token):
    ''' Verify HTTP header token authentication '''
    return models.User.objects.get_user_by_api_key(token) or None
13057	Decorator for Flask routes that requires token authentication. Checks token in headers, verifies user, and logs success or failure.
13058	def is_running(process):
    ''' Checks if a process is running using pgrep '''
    try:
        pgrep = sh.Command('/usr/bin/pgrep')
        pgrep(process)
        return True
    except sh.ErrorReturnCode_1:
        return False
13059	Import and load a module dynamically based on a string path, optionally retrieving an attribute from the module. Raises an error if the module or attribute is not found.
13060	def self_ip(public=False):
    ''' Retrieve IP address '''
13061	Makes an HTTP request using RESTClient based on the specified method (GET, HEAD, OPTIONS, POST, PUT, PATCH, DELETE), handling query parameters, headers, post parameters, and body appropriately.
13062	Builds form parameters by merging normal form data and file data.
13063	Define server settings based on CLI arguments and run the server.
13064	This method renders a hidden input field with a serialized upload value. It takes the input field name, value, and optional attributes, updates the context with these values, and renders the field using a specified template.
13065	Starts a subprocess to run a command, printing output with an optional formatter, and skipping empty lines if specified.
13066	Defines a function that runs a list of command dictionaries concurrently or sequentially.
13067	def stream_commands(commands, hash_colors=True, parallel=False):
    """
    Processes and runs multiple commands, optionally in parallel. Each command is
    a dictionary with a 'command' key and may include 'description' and 'write_stdin'.
    Commands are processed to apply colors based on descriptions and streamed.
    """
13068	Calculate network days between two dates using specified locale's holidays.
13069	Queries bash to find the path to a command on the system, caching results in `_PATHS` for future lookups.
13070	Construct an SSH command with optional parameters for hostname, username, identifier file, tunnel, and additional SSH command.
13071	Builds an SCP command based on the provided parameters, handling file transfers between local and remote systems. The command supports getting or putting files using optional identity files and customizing host keys. Raises a ValueError if the hostname is empty.
13072	Copies specified local files to remote machines using SCP based on a list of entries.
13073	```plaintext
Copies files from remote paths to local paths using SCP, handling duplicates and creating local directories if necessary.
```
13074	Runs a given command over SSH in parallel on a list of hosts.
13075	Establish SSH connection to a host using provided hostname, public IP, or private IP. If a tunnel is required and no public IP is available, raises a ValueError. Prints the connection details and executes the SSH command, returning the exit status.
13076	The `load` method loads an LSI profile by reading a configuration file. If the profile does not exist, it returns a default profile. If a specific profile name is provided and it exists, it loads that profile, inheriting settings from another profile if specified. It also processes filters and exclude lists from the configuration.
13077	Takes parsed command-line arguments and constructs a profile object, overriding attributes with specified values or loading from a file if not explicitly given. Handles username, identity file, command, prompts, filters, and excludes.
13078	Relate this package component to the supplied part by creating a relationship object and adding it to the component's relationships set.
13079	```python
Return a list of related parts based on the given relationship type.
```
13080	Load relationships from source XML into the object's relationships attribute.
13081	Adds a part to the package with an option to use an override content type.
13082	Load a part into the package based on its relationship type. If no content type is found for the part, log a warning and return.
13083	Get the correct content type by name, falling back to extension. Returns None if unmatched.
13084	From an element, parse out the proper ContentType by disambiguating the subclass, extracting the class name, and constructing the subclass with the key and name attributes.
13085	Parses a DSL string using a parser and a visitor, returning the parsed content with an optional prefix applied to elements.
13086	Builds a signed JSON Web Token (JWT) using the provided secret key and encapsulates additional data such as expiration, view identifiers, parameters, and attributes in the payload.
13087	Assigns force field parameters to atoms in an AMPAL object, handling different cases for ligands, residues, and warnings for unparameterized atoms.
13088	Finds and returns the maximum radius and npnp distance in the force field.
13089	Creates a dictionary of force field parameters using PyAtomData structs.
13090	Return a readable stream of a zipped package.
13091	Yield segments from zip file whose names start with the specified name.
13092	Copy objects from one directory in an S3 bucket to another, preserving metadata while replacing specific headers. Handles exceptions for surrogate keys, cache controls, and directory redirection. Raises errors for invalid source-destination paths and unexpected errors.
13093	open_bucket opens an S3 bucket resource using the provided bucket_name and optional AWS credentials or profile. It returns a Boto3 S3 Bucket instance.
13094	Upload a directory of files to an S3 bucket, overwriting existing files and deleting those no longer present. Set optional metadata, ACL, and caching policies.
13095	Uploads a file to an S3 bucket with specified settings such as metadata, ACL, and cache control. Uses the mimetypes module to guess content type and encoding.
13096	Uploads an object to an S3 bucket with specified parameters.
13097	This method lists files in a specified directory by iterating over objects in the bucket, filtering by prefix, and returning file names relative to the directory.
13098	Lists root-level directory names within a specified directory in a bucket, handling directory redirects and removing relative path artifacts.
13099	Converts a relative directory name to an absolute path in a bucket, ensuring it does not end with a trailing slash.
13100	Deletes a file from an S3 bucket given its relative path.
13101	Ensure a token is in the Click context object or authenticate and obtain the token from LTD Keeper. If no token is present and username and password are provided, authenticate and store the token in the context object. If no credentials are provided, raise an error.
13102	Loudly outputs a message in the specified language, converting it to uppercase. If the language method does not exist, default to English.
13103	This method `delete_dir` deletes all objects in a specified directory within an S3 bucket. It accepts parameters for the bucket name, root path, and optional AWS credentials or profile. It uses pagination to handle large numbers of keys efficiently, deleting up to 1000 objects at a time to avoid hitting API limits. Errors during deletion are logged and re-raised as a custom `S3Error`.
13104	def home_url(): Try to get home URL from settings or validate custom URL if setting is not found.
13105	Decorator to silence template tags if 'PROJECT_HOME_NAMESPACE' is not defined in settings.
13106	Returns a Bootstrap 3 breadcrumb for the project's home URL and label. URL and label can be customized via settings and tag parameters.
13107	Generates a Bootstrap 4 breadcrumb for the project's home URL. If a label is provided, uses it; otherwise, uses a default label defined in settings or 'Home'.
13108	Calculates the interaction energy between AMPAL objects using a force field, optionally assigning the force field to the objects. Returns a BUFFScore object with interaction details.
13109	Calculates internal energy of an AMPAL object using a force field, assigns force field if specified, and returns score details.
13110	Get lines sampled across all threads, sorted by frequency in descending order.
13111	Get a temporary auth token from LTD Keeper using provided host, username, and password.
13112	Uploads a new site build to LSST the Docs, handling authentication, Travis CI events, and build registration.
13113	Checks if an upload should be skipped on Travis CI based on the event type and user settings.
13114	This method, `purge_key`, purges URLs with a specified surrogate key from the Fastly cache and handles potential errors.
13115	Registers a new build for a product on LSST the Docs by sending a POST request to the LTD Keeper API.
13116	```http PATCH /builds/{build}{"uploaded": true} ```
Authenticates with LTD Keeper API to confirm a build upload is complete. Raises `KeeperError` on failure.
13117	Recursively updates a dictionary, merging values from the second dictionary. For lists, concatenates unique elements.
13118	Sets up logging and initializes context object with provided parameters.
13119	Edit a part in an OOXML package without unzipping it.
13120	Lists contents of a subdirectory within a zipfile, printing directories and files.
13121	Recursively split a pathname into components using os.path.split and os.path.splitdrive, handling different path separators and terminators.
13122	def find_file(path):
	Split path components, iterate over combinations, return file and part paths if file exists.
13123	Returns an editor command based on environment variables XML_EDITOR and EDITOR, defaulting to notepad on Windows and 'edit' elsewhere.
13124	Check file header if matches the expected pattern; if not, add a message.
13125	Generates an HTML chart from specified data and options, optionally saving it to a file.
13126	Generate HTML from an Altair chart object, optionally write it to a file
13127	def serialize(dataobj, xfield, yfield, time_unit=None, chart_type="line", width=800, height=300, color=None, size=None, shape=None, scale=None, options={}):
    """
    Serialize data to an Altair chart object.
    """
    dataset = dataobj
    if isinstance(dataobj, dict):
        dataset = self._dict_to_df(dataobj, xfield, yfield)
    elif isinstance(dataobj, list):
        dataset = Data(values=dataobj)
    
    xenc, yenc = self._encode_fields(xfield, yfield, time_unit)
    opts = dict(x=xenc, y=yenc)
    if color:
        opts["color"] = color
    if size:
        opts["size"] = size
    if shape:
        opts["shape"] = shape
    chart = self._chart_class(dataset, chart_type, **options).encode(**opts).configure_cell(width=width, height=height)
    return chart
13128	This method `_patch_json` takes a JSON string generated by Altair and patches it to conform to the newest Vega Lite spec. It adds a schema URL, top-level width and height values from the config, and removes the config's cell property. Finally, it returns the modified JSON string.
13129	Generates HTML for embedding Vega Lite charts using a specified slug and JSON data.
13130	Converts a dictionary to a pandas dataframe, using specified field names for keys and values.
13131	Writes HTML content to a file, creating the directory if it doesn't exist
13132	Return the appropriate chart class for a given chart type from a data frame using specified keyword arguments.
13133	Define Altair x and y encodings based on input fields and options, handling time units and scales.
13134	The `ghuser_role` function generates a hyperlink node for a GitHub user. It takes the username as text and constructs a URL to the user's GitHub profile. The function returns the hyperlink node and an empty list of system messages.
13135	Reads 'app.json', attempts to parse it as JSON, checks for 'repository' key, and returns URL if present.
13136	Brings up a Heroku app by creating and building it from a tarball URL, handling authentication and environment variables.
13137	Brings down a Heroku app, prompting for confirmation unless forced.
13138	Decorator to make a class iterable in a nicer way, adding `__iter__` and `__next__` methods dynamically. Usage requires specifying the name of the attribute to iterate over. Compatibility issues may arise with static type checkers like PyCharm or MYPY.
13139	Generate a random binary string of a specified length.
13140	Generate a random IPv4 address while excluding specified class A networks.
13141	Generate a random date between two given dates.
13142	Returns a prepared ``Session`` instance with default headers and optional authorization.
13143	Sends an API request to Heroku using the specified HTTP method and endpoint, optionally sending JSON data in the request body. Raises an APIError if the response is not successful. Returns the response body as a dictionary.
13144	Creates an app-setups build by sending a POST request with tarball URL, environment overrides, and app name. Returns response data as a dictionary.
13145	Checks app-setup build status; returns True if succeeded, False if pending, raises BuildError for other statuses.
13146	Generator function `sequence` that returns a unique string with a given prefix. It uses a cache to keep track of the last used number for each prefix. If the cache is not provided or is -1, it initializes an empty dictionary. For each call, it checks if the prefix exists in the cache. If not, it adds the prefix with an infinite iterator as its value. Then, it yields the prefix followed by the next number from the infinite iterator.
13147	Decorator that caches function results in a dictionary based on arguments.
13148	Wraps a function to ensure its results are unique using a cache.
13149	Defends sub-commands to an argument parser.
13150	Obtains and returns the root argument parser object using the class specified by `self.arg_parse_class`, initialized with the help text from `self.get_help()` and the formatter class from `self.get_formatter_class()`.
13151	Gets the command's description from the `description` attribute, or the first sentence of the docstring if not provided.
13152	Retrieves command help text, prioritizing custom help over docstring, and providing an empty string if neither is available.
13153	Runs the command with parsed arguments. If args are None, it gathers them. Checks for sub-command, runs appropriate sub-command class if found, or runs the default action. Returns status code (0 on success).
13154	Encode dataset values with maximum value. Handle strings, integers, and floats. Convert to string representation based on type. Append encoding type and series label to result.
13155	def get_athletes(self):
    """Fetch all available athletes and return as a DataFrame. Cached to avoid repeated API calls."""
    response = self._get_request(self.host)
    return pd.read_csv(StringIO(response.text))
13156	Get last n activity data
13157	This method requests an athlete's activity list, caches the memory, and processes the response into a pandas DataFrame with formatted dates, boolean indicators for various activity metrics, and an empty 'data' column.
13158	Gets athlete activity data, caches response, converts to DataFrame, renames columns, sets index, drops 'time', and returns selected columns.
13159	Constructs an athlete endpoint URL by combining the base host URL with an encoded athlete name.
13160	Construct activity endpoint URL using host, encoded athlete name, and filename.
13161	Makes a GET request to a GC REST API endpoint, validates responses, and raises exceptions for specific error messages.
13162	Creates a Heroku app-setup build. Takes a tarball URL, optional environment variables, and an optional app name. Returns a tuple with the build ID and app name.
13163	def url_with_auth(regex, view, kwargs=None, name=None, prefix=''):
    """
    Adds authentication to URLs based on the view type.
    """
    from djapiauth.auth import api_auth
    
    if isinstance(view, six.string_types):
        view = import_by_path(prefix + "." + view if prefix else view)
        return url(regex, api_auth(view))
    elif isinstance(view, (list, tuple)):
        return url(regex, view, name, prefix, **kwargs)
    else:
        return url(regex, api_auth(view))
13164	Returns a random title based on specified languages and genders. Defaults to English and both genders if no arguments are provided.
13165	def person(languages=None, genders=None):
    Choose a random person with optional language and gender restrictions
13166	The `last_name` function returns a random last name, either from a default English list or a user-provided list of languages. It uses mocks to override the list of last names for testing purposes.
13167	Iterates through self.data items, joins values with '|' and assigns to appropriate keys in self dictionary.
13168	Update the chart's dataset with the provided data, and optionally specify a series name. Returns the chart object.
13169	Renders chart context and axes into dict data by updating necessary properties and encoding the dataset if provided.
13170	Check if a type is in TYPES or map it to a shorthand.
13171	Returns the rendered URL of the chart by first rendering it and then joining parts with '&' and replacing spaces with '+'
13172	Opens the chart URL in a web browser, passing extra arguments to `webbrowser.open`.
13173	Download chart from URL as PNG, save to specified or auto-generated filename, handle exceptions if save fails.
13174	Opens a URL connection and returns a readable PNG file pointer. Handles HTTP and URL errors by printing error messages.
13175	Returns a PngImageFile instance of the chart, requiring PIL and handling import errors.
13176	Reads PNG image data from a URL and writes it in chunks to a file pointer.
13177	Calculates and returns the unique SHA1 hexdigest of sorted chart URL param parts.
13178	Generate a random floating number within specified min and max, rounded to a given number of decimal places.
13179	Assigns an entity name to a class based on the immediate parent class's name, excluding classes outside the specified module.
13180	Merges verified and self-asserted claims, prioritizing verified claims. If only self-asserted claims are present, returns them. If only verified claims are present, returns them. If both are present, returns only verified claims.
13181	Builds a JWKS dictionary from the signing keys of the self-signer, optionally filtered by issuer.
13182	The `unpack_metadata_statement` method unpacks and verifies metadata statements from a signed JWT or JSON document. It uses a `keyjar` to verify the signature, processes the metadata into a dictionary, and then calls `_unpack` to handle the actual parsing and verification. If neither `ms_dict` nor `jwt_ms` is provided, it raises an AttributeError.
13183	Given a MetadataStatement instance, creates a signed JWT with specified parameters.
13184	This method recursively evaluates a compounded metadata statement and returns a list of LessOrEqual instances representing federated identity operators. If an error occurs during evaluation, an exception is raised. It starts from the innermost metadata statement and works outwards, checking for expiration and operating on the resulting metadata.
13185	Method removes MSL paths for other usages, filters metadata, updates federation usage assertion, and returns filtered metadata or None.
13186	Adds signed metadata statements to a request, categorizing them by URI or direct statement.
13187	Parses command line arguments using argparse to handle file input and optional output, with an option to specify a word for concordance.
13188	Adds logging options to an ArgumentParser, including log levels and log files.
13189	Apply logging options based on provided levels and files.
13190	Logs a message at the 'verbose' level, which is between debug and info levels.
13191	Creates a dictionary mapping each letter in the input word to its integer count.
13192	Finds anagrams in a word based on sowpods or TWL word files, with optional starting and ending characters, and yields tuples of word and score.
13193	def asAMP(cls):
    """
    Returns the exception's name in an AMP Command friendly format by
    converting the class name to uppercase and joining parts with underscores.
    """
13194	Transforms a timeseries data into a list of values from a start to an end timestamp (inclusive).
13195	Retrieves the most recent non-zero value from a timeseries, or 0 if empty.
13196	Validate a 1-based page number; ensure it's an integer greater than 0, raise errors otherwise.
13197	def get_page_of_iterator(iterator, page_size, page_number):
    Validates page number, calculates start and end indexes, returns paginated items and has_next flag.
13198	Recursively or non-recursively changes file permissions using the chmod command.
13199	Create an InternalSigningService instance using config and entity_id.
13200	Initialize a SigningService instance based on configuration and entity ID
13201	Encrypts data using the specified signer algorithm. If no algorithm is provided, it selects a suitable one based on available keys. Returns a signed JWT.
13202	Sends a POST request with a metadata statement to a signing service and returns a dictionary with 'sms' and 'loc' keys.
13203	Sends a PUT request to update an existing metadata statement at a given location with a new request object, returns the parsed response as a dictionary.
13204	Requests a signed metadata statement using GET and returns a dictionary with 'sms' and 'loc' keys.
13205	Yield items from a dict or list, converting dicts to bundles.
13206	Creates a bundle object initialized with data from a dictionary, applying filters and handling various configuration options.
13207	Combines URLs from external dependencies and the current asset type.
13208	Method to generate HTML tags for asset URLs. Returns joined HTML strings from dependencies and typed bundles.
13209	Return all HTML tags for all asset types by iterating through a list of asset types and appending each type's HTML tags to a list, which is then joined into a single string with newline characters.
13210	Sets default protocol to HTTP if none is present in the given URL.
13211	def find_links(url):
    Parse URL, fetch content, parse HTML, extract <a> hrefs, correct relative URLs, return list of links.
13212	AMP client connects, listens locally, and receives a reference to the local listening factory.
13213	Traverses files in specified `packages_scan` folder, retrieves modules, and returns them.
13214	Import customer's service modules, log the import, and handle ImportError.
13215	This function converts a date string in various formats to a normalized and validated date range. It handles single date strings for a specific day, month, or year, as well as date ranges specified by hyphens. The function returns a tuple with the lower and upper bounds of the date range.
13216	Select specified fields from a document, including nested fields using dotted notation, and return a new document based on the selected fields.
13217	For each datetime field in "datemap_list", this function finds the corresponding key in the "doc" dictionary and maps the datetime object to a strftime string using the specified "time_format". It returns the updated "doc" dictionary with the datetime fields converted to readable strings.
13218	Output cursor to a filename or stdout if filename is "-". Formats output as CSV or JSON based on `self._format`. Returns count of items printed.
13219	Prints fields from a cursor using a list of field names, applying date mapping where specified.
13220	Given tasks and dependency graph, returns tasks in correct order.
13221	Add or create default departments for a project and associate them with it.
13222	Add default asset types to a project.
13223	Adds default sequences to a project.
13224	Register a random shot for each user in the project.
13225	def prj_post_save_handler(sender, **kwargs):
    """ Handles post-save event for Project model.

    Creates rnd shot for each user on project creation.
    Initializes default departments, asset types, and sequences.

    :param sender: the project class
    :type sender: :class:`muke.models.Project`
    """
13226	def seq_post_save_handler(sender, **kwargs):
    "Create a global shot post-save if the sequence is newly created and not a random sequence."
    
    if not kwargs['created'] or kwargs['instance'].name == RNDSEQ_NAME:
        return
    
    seq = kwargs['instance']
    prj = seq.project
    Shot.objects.create(name=GLOBAL_NAME, project=prj, sequence=seq, description=f"Global shot for sequence {seq.name}")
13227	Create all tasks for a shot or asset in its project.
13228	Checks if a connection exists to the given peer; if not, establishes a new connection and returns the actual peer ID.
13229	Sends a packet to a peer, attempting to connect if necessary, and manages ongoing sends.
13230	Reads a config value from a section and key, returning it in the specified type, or raises a ConfigError if the section or key is not found.
13231	Decorates a function to process Nova notifications based on event_type. If event_type contains a wildcard, it is added to a wildcard processing dictionary; otherwise, it is added to a regular processing dictionary. Logs the addition of the function.
13232	Decorator to add function for processing Cinder notifications based on event type. Registers function in either `process_wildcard` or `process` dictionary depending on whether event type contains a wildcard. Logs registration of each function.
13233	Decorator to register functions for processing neutron notifications based on event types.
13234	Adds a decorator to process Glance notifications, categorizing them by event type or wildcard, and logs the addition.
13235	def swift(*arg):
    Registers functions to process Swift notifications.
    Wildcards are supported, using a dictionary for matching.
    Logs when a function is registered.
13236	```python
def keystone(*args):
    """
    Decorator to register functions for processing keystone notifications based on event type.
    Wildcard event types are stored in a separate dictionary for pattern-based processing.
    """
```
13237	Defining a decorator to add functions for processing heat notifications based on event type. If the event type includes a wildcard, it is added to a wildcard dictionary; otherwise, it is added to a standard dictionary. Logs the function added and its event type.
13238	Adds a factory with an identifier and calls its doStart method
13239	Removes a factory by identifier, calls `doStop` method, and returns the removed factory.
13240	Attempts to connect using a given factory by finding it, building a protocol, creating a transport, and storing the protocol under a unique identifier. Returns the identifier upon successful connection.
13241	Receives data for a specified protocol, raises an exception if the connection is invalid, and calls the dataReceived method of the protocol object with the provided data.
13242	Disconnects a protocol from its transport and removes it from the protocol list.
13243	Calls a remote method using the factory's AMP connection.
13244	Creates a multiplexed stream connection to the AMP server, uses the remote factory identifier, and stores the connection reference after successful connection.
13245	Stores the connection reference, registers the protocol with the factory, sends buffered data if any, and clears the buffer.
13246	Logs data reception, buffers if no connection, otherwise sends data over connection.
13247	Sends data over the wire using `_callRemote` with the Transmit method, logs errors with `log.err`.
13248	If an AMP connection exists, remove it from the factory's protocols dictionary.
13249	Attempts to retrieve a local protocol by connection identifier, iterating through local factories. If not found, raises NoSuchConnection.
13250	def remoteDataReceived(self, connection, data):
    Get local protocol, write received data, return empty dict.
13251	Disconnects the connection by losing the transport connection of the local protocol.
13252	Centers a string within a given line width, padding with a specified fill character.
13253	Prints a string with the current time right-aligned.
13254	def version_number_str(major, minor=0, patch=0, prerelease=None, build=None): Takes the components of a semantic version number and returns a formatted string.
13255	Identifies the unit framework (astropy.units, pint, or quantities) for a given target unit, or raises a TraitError if none match.
13256	def assert_unit_convertability(name, value, target_unit, unit_framework):
    """
    Checks if a value is convertible to a target unit using a specified unit framework.
    
    Parameters:
    - name: str, the name of the value being checked.
    - value: numpy.ndarray or its subclass, the value to check.
    - target_unit: unit, the unit to convert the value to.
    - unit_framework: str, the framework to use for unit checking (ASTROPY, PINT, QUANTITIES).
    """
13257	This function applies padding to a byte string to ensure its length is a multiple of a specified block size. It supports three padding styles: pkcs7, x923, and iso7816. The appropriate padding is added to the end of the data.
13258	Removes padding from a byte string based on the specified block size and padding style, handling 'pkcs7', 'iso7816', and 'x923' styles and raising errors for invalid padding.
13259	Augment a request with a self-signed metadata statement.
13260	Collects and returns metadata statements for specified Federation Operators and context.
13261	it calculates the score for each word and prints the anagrams sorted by score or length
13262	```python
def argument_parser(args):
    """Parse command line arguments for anagram finding.

    Args:
        args (list): Command line arguments excluding the script name.

    Returns:
        tuple: A tuple containing:
            - A list of letters to search.
            - Boolean to indicate usage of the sowpods words file.
            - Boolean to indicate output by length.
            - Starting characters for anagrams.
            - Ending characters for anagrams.

    Raises:
        SystemExit: If invalid arguments are provided or --version/--help is used.
    """
```
13263	Def main(arguments=None):
    Handles command line arguments. Parses arguments, retrieves wordlist, sowpods file, length filter and range. Iterates over wordlist, finds anagrams for each word within specified criteria, and prints results in a pretty format.
13264	Dequeue incoming data and process each packet based on its type.
13265	Logs an error for an unhandled packet type and closes the connection.
13266	Create a callable for invoking a remote function, returning a deferred even if the remote function does not. Validate the URL scheme, path, and function ID before creating the stub.
13267	Checks if a remote call exists using the provided peerid and callid, logs a warning if it doesn't.
13268	Get command regex string and completer dict.
13269	Delegates to `amp.AmpList.fromStringProto` and returns the single element from the list.
13270	Wraps the input object in a list and calls ``amp.AmpList.toStringProto`` with that list and the given prototype.
13271	Verifies an instance against given restrictions. Checks for mutual exclusivity between "signing_keys" and "signing_keys_uri", and validates "signing_keys" as a JWKS. Also ensures no key repetition in "metadata_statements" and "metadata_statement_uris". Returns True if successful, False otherwise.
13272	def _parse_remote_response(self, response):  
    """Parse JWKS or signed JWKS from HTTP response."""
    if 'Content-Type' in response.headers:  
        if response.headers['Content-Type'] == 'application/json':
            logger.debug("Loaded JWKS: %s from %s", response.text, self.source)
            try:
                return json.loads(response.text)
            except ValueError:
                return None
        elif response.headers['Content-Type'] == 'application/jwt':
            logger.debug("Signed JWKS: %s from %s", response.text, self.source)
            _jws = factory(response.text)
            _resp = _jws.verify_compact(response.text, keys=self.verify_keys.get_signing_key())
            return _resp
        else:
            logger.error('Wrong content type: {}'.format(response.headers['Content-Type']))
            raise ValueError('Content-type mismatch')
    return None
13273	Performs a pg_dump backup, optional parameters include username, password, host, port, tempdir, pg_dump_path, and format. Returns status code and shell output.
13274	Establishes a connection to a specified PostgreSQL database, retrieves a list of all database names on the server, and returns the names as a list.
13275	Returns a dictionary of files under a given path, with the key being the relative path and the value being the MD5 hash. Raises a ValueError if no path is specified.
13276	Synchronizes a local directory with an S3 bucket, uploading any new or modified files. Does not delete files from S3 that are not present locally.
13277	Ensure user has necessary tokens for specified services before calling the function.
13278	Handles user login, validates credentials, sets session variables, and redirects with appropriate dashboards and tokens.
13279	Iterates over modules in the specified path, dynamically builds CLI commands based on the package structure. Recursively processes packages and commands.
13280	Returns a closed, read-only instance of Fridge initialized with given arguments.
13281	Reloads data from a file, discards current data, and updates the in-memory dictionary.
13282	Create a signed JWT containing a JWKS using a key from the KeyJar. The JWT is signed by an issuer, which should own the keys. Optionally specify a key ID and lifetime.
13283	Signs a metadata statement with a payload using a signing key from a KeyJar.
13284	A decorator for providing a unittest with a library and ensuring it is called only once.
13285	Discover and load Python tests from a directory.
13286	def main(clargs=None):
    """Command line entry point."""
    Parse command line arguments for library database and test directory.
    Discover tests in the specified directory.
    Execute tests on the library.
    Print test results and exit with failure count.
13287	Determines the Scrabble score of a given letter by checking its presence in predefined mappings and raises an error for invalid letters.
13288	Calculates Scrabble score for a word based on the input letters and tiles on the board, applying bonus points for using all tiles and handling question marks.
13289	def word_list(sowpods=False, start="", end=""): Opens the word list file and yields words based on optional start and end character filters.
13290	Checks if a word can be formed with a full bag of Scrabble tiles. Returns True if possible, False otherwise.
13291	The main function processes search queries, removes question marks, and attempts to retrieve the best answer using the SOSearch method. If no answer is found, it prompts the user to add tags.
13292	Use argparse to parse command-line arguments for a query and optional tags, then pass the arguments to the main function.
13293	Handle JSON request, parse, convert dialect values, find responder, run, serialize result/error.
13294	Retrieves the command class and responder function for a given command name by accessing the function closures of the responder.
13295	Parses request values for JSON AMP protocol, handling specific types and using decoders.
13296	Run a responder function, add an identifier to the response if successful, or serialize the error if it fails with a known error.
13297	Serializes response to JSON and writes it to the transport.
13298	Stops box receiver and calls superclass method.
13299	Builds an AMP protocol instance and associates it with a JSONAMPDialectReceiver.
13300	Converts a JWKS (JSON Web Key Set) string to a KeyJar object.
13301	def loads(self, jstr):
    """
    Load a bundle from a JSON document or dictionary.

    :param jstr: Bundle as a dictionary or JSON document.
    """

    if isinstance(jstr, dict):
        info = jstr
    else:
        info = json.loads(jstr)

    for iss, jwks in info.items():
        kj = KeyJar()
        if isinstance(jwks, dict):
            kj.import_jwks(jwks, issuer=iss)
        else:
            kj.import_jwks_as_json(jwks, issuer=iss)
        self.bundle[iss] = kj

    return self
13302	Test
13303	Identifies and executes the appropriate process based on the event type from Cinder notification, defaulting to a wildcard process or a ternya default process if no match is found.
13304	Neutron process function handles OpenStack notifications. It attempts to find a specific process in `neutron_customer_process`. If not found, it tries a wildcard match in `neutron_customer_process_wildcard`. If no match is found, it uses a default process. After processing, it acknowledges the message.
13305	Find process from customer_process, then customer_process_wildcard, and use default_process if not found. Acknowledge the message.
13306	Find a process for the given event type from swift_customer_process or swift_customer_process_wildcard, or use the default process if none found. Acknowledge the message after processing.
13307	Determines the appropriate process for handling a Keystone notification based on event type, using a primary process map and wildcard matches before falling back to a default process. Acknowledges the message after processing.
13308	This function handles heat notifications by first trying to find a specific process for the given event type from a dictionary of customer processes. If not found, it attempts to match a wildcard pattern from another dictionary. If all else fails, it uses a default process. After executing the appropriate process, it acknowledges the message.
13309	Serve the app using wsgiref or a provided server, defaulting to listening on 0.0.0.0:8000.
13310	Prints a message to stdout and optionally logs it at the info level using a provided logger.
13311	Print message to stderr and log at info level if provided.
13312	register(RegistryDecorator):
 Registers a command class in the default set, ensuring the class name is unique. If a class with the same name already exists, it raises a ValueError.
13313	Decorator to register Command classes.
13314	Checks constraints for a given value and calls the toString method of the base argument if they are satisfied.
13315	Converts a string to a value using the base argument and then checks constraints.
13316	Merges cdict into completers, raises error on duplicate keys unless regex is provided, updates duplicate keys with unique regex and returns updated regex if necessary.
13317	Start ternya work; import customer's service modules; init openstack mq; keep ternya connection auto-reconnect.
13318	Initiate MQ connection, set up consumer, and return connection.
13319	Imports customer's service modules using a `ServiceModules` object, logging the process. Raises error if config is missing.
13320	### Summary ###

Initializes a Nova consumer for OpenStack notifications:

1. Checks if Nova notification listening is enabled
2. Creates consumer(s) based on configuration if enabled
13321	Initialize Cinder MQ consumer. Check if listening is enabled; if so, create specified number of consumers and log the status.
13322	Checks if listening for Neutron notifications is enabled. If so, creates consumers based on config settings and logs the action.
13323	```
Initialize Glance consumer by checking notification enablement, creating a consumer for specified config parameters, and logging the action.
```
13324	Initiate OpenStack heat MQ consumer. Check if notification listening is enabled. Create multiple consumers based on config. Log debug messages for status.
13325	Return the notification configuration for an OpenStack component.
13326	Fetches music information for given song ID(s) using Baidu Music API, processes the response to extract song details including name, singer, LRC link, song link, and file size, and returns a list of dictionaries containing these details.
13327	download music using multiple threads, split by file size, combine parts
13328	Define a function to execute a code object, setting optional globals and locals. If the code contains "YIELD_VALUE", iterate through instructions; otherwise, execute them.
13329	method that loads the value of a name from globals, falling back to builtins
13330	Definitely! Summarizing the provided code, here is the concise summary:

The `call_function` method executes a function call operation. It retrieves the callable function from the stack, unpacks its arguments, and calls it. Depending on the callable, the method handles special cases like building classes or accessing global variables and returns the result, pushing it back onto the stack.
13331	Creates a MySQL database dump and returns the status code and shell output.
13332	Generate PNG output from ditaa code by calling the ditaa command with options and input/output file paths.
13333	This method is called when the Application runs are about to exit. It logs a debug message and then calls a function if one is set.
13334	Runs the Application.main method, handles exceptions, flushes outputs, and exits with a return value.
13335	Changes directory to `path` and returns to the current working directory when exited.
13336	Coroutine merges contents of a source directory into a destination directory, handling symlinks and merging files even if the destination directory already exists.
13337	Checks if an exception occurred; if so, uses post_mortem debugging; otherwise, uses set_trace. Prefers ipdb if available.
13338	Get the last modified time of a file, retry fetching if an error occurs.
13339	Checks if an item has been modified since last access.
13340	If the directory exists, the method iterates through its files, updates the local cache if a file has changed, and adds new files to the cache.
13341	Clears the database by removing all local cache and disc information.
13342	def scrape(ctx, url):
    Load an RSS feed, extract events, normalize data, and store.
13343	Download the image at self.url, save it in self.cache_directory, and return the local file path.
13344	Check if an image has changed by making a HEAD request to retrieve the 'Last-Modified' header and comparing it to the stored last modified time.
13345	This method compiles template tags by parsing tokenized input, validating keyword and positional arguments, handling variable arguments and contexts, and returning a specialized `template.Node` subclass.
13346	Find stack frame of caller for source file, line number, and function name.
13347	This function recursively finds the C_C component that defines the given PE_PE element. If the input is None or not a PE_PE, it navigates to the correct element type. It then checks if the element is part of an EP_PKG and, if so, recursively searches within that package. If no package is found, it navigates to the C_C component.
13348	Parse command line options and launch the prebuilder. Handles verbosity, output path, and model arguments. Logs appropriately and saves prebuilt model.
13349	def find_symbol(self, name=None, kind=None):
    Searches the symbol table in reverse order for a symbol matching the given name and/or kind. Returns the matching symbol handle if found.
13350	Determines if a PE_PE is contained within an EP_PKG or C_C, recursively checking nested structures.
13351	Defines a function to recursively check if a PE_PE (Process Element Process) is globally defined, not nested within a C_C (Control Construct). If not, it traverses through nested PPsms (Process Package Submodel) to find the root PE_PE and returns the global status.
13352	Converts a BridgePoint data type to a pyxtuml meta model type.
13353	Retrieve attributes related to two classes in an association.
13354	Create a named tuple from a BridgePoint enumeration, renaming any names that are Python keywords.
13355	Create a Python function from a BridgePoint bridge using a lambda function.
13356	Create a Python object from a BridgePoint external entity, bridged as Python member functions.
13357	Create a Python function from a BridgePoint function using a lambda function.
13358	Converts a BridgePoint constant to a Python value based on its data type
13359	Create a function that interprets the action of a BridgePoint class operation, generating either a method or class method based on whether the operation is instance-based.
13360	Create a Python property to interpret BridgePoint derived attribute actions.
13361	Create a pyxtuml class from a BridgePoint class, filtering out derived attributes and unsupported types, and defining unique identifiers and operations.
13362	Create a pyxtuml association from a simple association in BridgePoint. Identify related roles and objects, determine if the association is formalized, and define the association with relevant attributes and conditions.
13363	Create pyxtuml associations from a linked association in BridgePoint by defining associations for both sides.
13364	```
Create a pyxtuml association from a R_REL in ooaofooa based on its type.
```
13365	def mk_component(bp_model, c_c=None, derived_attributes=False): Creates a pyxtuml meta model from a BridgePoint model, optionally restricting to the component's classes and associations.
13366	Calls a function, handles responses, and manages exceptions using provided sockets and arguments.
13367	Sends an ACCEPT reply with optional info and channel data.
13368	Sends a REJECT reply with optional topics.
13369	Sends a RAISE reply using the provided reply socket and channel. It handles exception information, traverses the traceback, and formats it before sending the reply.
13370	Allocates a call ID, constructs a header and payload, sends the call, and establishes the connection.
13371	Waits for the call to be accepted by workers and collects results, retrying if specified, until the limit is reached or an error occurs.
13372	Dispatches a reply to the correct queue based on the method. If the method is an ACK, it handles further action based on whether the reply is ACCEPT or REJECT. If the method is not an ACK, it updates an existing result object with the reply.
13373	Guess the type name of a serialized value. Convert to string, then use regex to determine if it's BOOLEAN, REAL, INTEGER, STRING, or UNIQUE_ID.
13374	def deserialize_value(ty, value):
    '''
    Deserialize a value based on type
    '''
    uty = ty.upper()
    
    if uty == 'BOOLEAN':
        if value.isdigit():
            return bool(int(value))
        elif value.upper() == 'FALSE':
            return False
        elif value.upper() == 'TRUE':
            return True
        else:
            return None
    
    elif uty == 'INTEGER': 
        return int(value) if '"' not in value else uuid.UUID(value[1:-1]).int
    
    elif uty == 'REAL': 
        return float(value)
    
    elif uty == 'STRING': 
        return value[1:-1].replace("''", "'")
    
    elif uty == 'UNIQUE_ID': 
        return int(value) if '"' not in value else uuid.UUID(value[1:-1]).int
13375	This function defines a lexer token for the left parenthesis character "(". It updates the token's end position to account for the length of the matched value and returns the token.
13376	```
def t_RPAREN(self, t):
    r'\)'
    t.endlexpos = t.lexpos + len(t.value)
    return t
```
This method handles the parsing of the right parenthesis character '\)' in a lexer system. It updates the end position of the token and returns the token object.
13377	Retrieves a feature collection by content ID, optionally filtering by feature names and handling exceptions.
13378	Retrieves an iterable of feature collections for the given content IDs. Returns tuples of content ID and feature collection, or None if the feature collection does not exist. Allows specifying a subset of feature names. Handles exceptions gracefully.
13379	Adds multiple feature collections to the store by creating bulk actions with indexed features and full-text indexed features, and then executing the bulk actions to index the feature collections.
13380	Deletes a feature collection by content ID if it exists. No-op if it does not.
13381	Deletes all feature collections in the specified index without destroying the index itself.
13382	Deletes the underlying Elasticsearch index if it exists. Use with caution as it will destroy the index, which could be shared by multiple instances.
13383	Yield FCs for given ID ranges, optionally filtering by feature names.
13384	Scans for ids within specified ranges, yields them as content_ids.
13385	Scans for FCs with a given prefix and retrieves specified feature names.
13386	Scans for IDs with a given prefix and yields them.
13387	def fulltext_scan(self, query_id=None, query_fc=None, feature_names=None, preserve_order=True, indexes=None): Perform a fulltext search and yield results as triples (score, identifier, FC).
13388	Performs a fulltext search for identifiers, yielding triples of (score, identifier) based on the search results.
13389	Keyword scan for feature collections by querying indexed fields, requiring either query_id or query_fc, optionally filtering by feature_names, and yielding content_id and FeatureCollection.
13390	The `keyword_scan_ids` method performs a keyword scan for IDs using a query. It searches for feature collections containing terms from the query's indexed fields. At least one of `query_id` or `query_fc` must be provided, with `query_fc` being auto-retrieved if `query_id` is given. It yields `content_id`s that match the query.
13391	Retrieves identifiers of FCs with a specific feature value.
13392	Maps feature names to ES's "_source" field, handling None, bool, and list inputs.
13393	Creates Elasticsearch filters for key ranges by converting string keys to entity IDs and handling inclusive and exclusive ranges.
13394	Create an index with specified settings using the provided Elasticsearch index name, number of shards, and number of replicas. Handle an exception if the index already exists.
13395	Creates mappings for an index, disables dynamic template for fields starting with 'fc', disables _all field, sets _id to not_analyzed, and waits for cluster health.
13396	def _get_index_mappings(self):
    'Retrieve field mappings for debugging.'
    maps = {}
    for fname in self.indexed_features:
        config = self.indexes.get(fname, {})
        print(fname, config)
        maps[fname_to_idx_name(fname)] = {
            'type': config.get('es_index_type', 'integer'),
            'store': False,
            'index': 'not_analyzed',
        }
    for fname in self.fulltext_indexed_features:
        maps[fname_to_full_idx_name(fname)] = {
            'type': 'string',
            'store': False,
            'index': 'analyzed',
        }
    return maps
13397	Retrieves the field types by querying the Elasticsearch index and doc_type.
13398	Unchecked
Method summary: 
Takes a query feature collection and field name, returns a disjunction (OR) for keyword scan queries. If the field is empty, it returns an empty list. Otherwise, it creates a disjunction for each term in the specified field.
13399	Count the size of a feature collection in bytes by summing the lengths of its features.
13400	Counts bytes of filtered feature collections, binned by filter predicates
13401	Constructs a nicely formatted string for an FC object, sorting its items and formatting string counters.
13402	parse command line options using docopt, log them, and either run the default function or create a Searcher object with user-provided parameters and run it
13403	Escapes an error and wraps it in a span with class "error-message".
13404	Converts object attributes to a readable link format based on key mapping
13405	Generate a human-readable identifier for an instance by combining its identifying attributes.
13406	Check model for uniqueness constraint violations by iterating through metaclasses and instances, identifying null values and detecting duplicates in index keys.
13407	Check if a model has integrity violations in an association in a particular direction. Violations are counted and logged if conditions are met.
13408	Check the model for integrity violations across a subtype association, navigating through instances of a super_kind and validating subtype relationships.
13409	Returns a function that generates index values based on the provided feature names and a feature collection.
13410	Converts int to bytes, else converts str to lowercase UTF-8.
13411	Adds feature collections to the store, optionally creating new indexes, and overwrites existing ones.
13412	Deletes all content objects and index data by clearing the specified tables.
13413	This method retrieves feature collections in specified ID ranges. It returns a generator of content objects corresponding to the given ID ranges. If the list of ID ranges is empty, it yields all content objects in the storage.
13414	This method `scan_ids` retrieves content IDs from a storage within specified ranges. It takes a variable number of key ranges (`key_ranges`), each defined as a tuple of two elements indicating the start and end of a range. The method returns a generator yielding content IDs corresponding to the specified ranges. If `key_ranges` is empty, it yields all content IDs. The implementation converts each range into the expected format and uses a scanner to fetch the content IDs.
13415	Performs an index scan, returning IDs for values matching the given key. Raises KeyError if the index is not registered. Uses a generator to return results.
13416	Retrieves IDs matching a prefix in an indexed value. Returns a generator of content identifiers with the prefix after applying index transformations. Raises KeyError if the index is not registered.
13417	The method `index_scan_prefix_and_return_key` searches for keys in a specified index that match a given prefix. It returns a generator of tuples containing the matching index key and content identifier. If the index is not found, a KeyError is raised.
13418	This method implements an index scan for values with a specific prefix. It retrieves an index, encodes the index name, constructs key range bounds, scans the keys within that range, and applies a return function to each key.
13419	Define an index transform for a store. Takes an index name, a create function, and a transform function. The create function generates index values, while the transform function converts stored values to index values. Indexes do not persist, so they need to be defined for each store instance.
13420	Method to add new index values for a specified index. Takes the index name and pairs of content identifiers and FeatureCollections. Constructs keys and values, then inserts them into a key-value store.
13421	Adds a new raw index entry with the transformed value, index name, and content ID.
13422	Returns a generator of index triples (index_val, idx_name, content_id) for given content_id and FeatureCollection pairs, ensuring no duplicate index values.
13423	Returns a dictionary of index transforms for a given name, raising a KeyError if the index is not registered.
13424	Verifies if a package exists on PyPI by sending a HEAD request and checking the response status codes.
13425	Adds direction to the element based on the `arg` parameter value.
13426	Return the name of the S_DT if its S_CDT, S_EDT, or S_UDT meets certain conditions.
13427	def get_refered_attribute(o_attr):
    Recursively navigate through object attributes to find a referenced attribute.
13428	Builds an XSD simpleType from a S_CDT, determining the appropriate type name based on the S_DT's name and creating an 'xs:simpleType' element with a corresponding 'xs:restriction'.
13429	Build an xsd simpleType from a S_EDT, restricting to string values and enumerating applicable names.
13430	Builds an xsd complexType from a S_SDT, iterating through S_MBR to add attributes based on their name and type.
13431	Constructs an xsd simpleType from a S_UDT, inheriting from a base type.
13432	The build_type function constructs an partial xsd tree by recursively building a core type, enum type, or user type based on the components of the input S_DT.
13433	Build an xsd complex element from an O_OBJ, incorporating its O_ATTR. For each attribute, determine its type and add it as an xs:attribute if it's not a derived attribute.
13434	Build an XML complex element from a C_C, adding its packaged S_DT and O_OBJ.
13435	```python
def build_schema(m, c_c):
    # Build an xsd schema from a bridgepoint component.
    # Create an XML schema element.
    schema = ET.Element('xs:schema')
    
    # Add global datatypes to schema.
    global_filter = lambda selected: ooaofooa.is_global(selected)
    for s_dt in m.select_many('S_DT', global_filter):
        datatype = build_type(s_dt)
        if datatype is not None:
            schema.append(datatype)
    
    # Add scope datatypes to schema.
    scope_filter = lambda selected: ooaofooa.is_contained_in(selected, c_c)
    for s_dt in m.select_many('S_DT', scope_filter):
        datatype = build_type(s_dt)
        if datatype is not None:
            schema.append(datatype)
    
    # Add component to schema.
    component = build_component(m, c_c)
    schema.append(component)
    
    return schema
```
**Summary:** Builds an XML schema from a bridgepoint component by adding global and scope datatypes, as well as the component itself.
13436	Prettify an XML string by indenting it with four spaces and adding a line break after each node.
13437	```python
async def fetch_bikes() -> List[dict]:
    """Fetches stolen bikes data from Bikeregister site using form post request."""
```
13438	Sets positional information on a node using lexer data and span details
13439	`track_production` is a decorator that adds positional information to nodes returned by functions. It wraps a function `f`, retrieves the first element of the input `p`, and sets its positional information if it's a `Node` and `p` has more than one element.
13440	Returns a token for double equals sign.
13441	Matches the != token, sets the end position, and returns the token.
13442	Returns a token with the value of "->" and updates the end position of the token in the lexer.
13443	Tokenizes '<=' as a single token, updates the end position, and returns it.
13444	def t_GE(self, t):
    # Matches the ">= " token
    t.endlexpos = t.lexpos + len(t.value)
    return t
13445	Tokenizes the "=" operator, updates the end token position, and returns the token.
13446	```python
def t_DOT(self, t):
    match '.'
    update endlexpos to current lexpos plus length of value
    return token
```
13447	Defines a token for the opening square bracket in a lexer, updating the end lex position.
13448	def t_RSQBR(self, t):.location, length
13449	Assigns the end position of the token `t` based on its current position and the length of its value, then returns the token.
13450	ложен для обработки символов "<" в входном потоке.
13451	Advances the lexer's position after encountering the '>' character
13452	The `t_PLUS` method is a lexer rule that matches the "+" character. When matched, it updates the token's end position and returns the token.
13453	Creates a QMFv2 message for creating a queue with specified properties.
13454	D
13455	This method constructs a message content dictionary to request a list of all queues using QMFv2 and returns it along with query properties.
13456	Create message content and properties for listing exchanges using QMFv2
13457	```python
def purge_queue(self, name):
    """Purge a queue using QMFv2

    :param name: Queue name

    :returns: Tuple with content and method properties
    """
    content = {
        "_object_id": {
            "_object_name": "org.apache.qpid.broker:queue:{0}".format(name)
        },
        "_method_name": "purge",
        "_arguments": {
            "type": "queue",
            "name": name,
            "filter": {}
        }
    }
    logger.debug("Message content -> {0}".format(content))

    return content, self.method_properties
```
13458	```
Sends an email with a subject, plain text body, and HTML body.
```
13459	If the image has changed, download it, extract text using Tesseract, and store it in cache. Return the cached text.
13460	Checks if the OCR process has read actual words by verifying if there are any numeric values or letters with a length between 2 and 20 in the input string. Returns true if such a word is found, otherwise returns false.
13461	Parses command line options to launch interpreter, handles verbosity, function invocation, and component selection.
13462	Serialize a value from an xtuml metamodel instance, converting it to a string representation based on its type. If the value is None, replace it with a default value for the given type. Use different formatting functions for each type (BOOLEAN, INTEGER, REAL, STRING, UNIQUE_ID).
13463	Serialize an association by creating a string representation with source and target metaclass kinds, cardinalities, and any associated phrases. Return the serialized string in ROP (Relation Object Property) format.
13464	Serialize an xtUML metaclass to an SQL CREATE TABLE statement.
13465	def main():
    Parses command-line arguments for search parameters, initializes a Files object, builds an Index, performs the search, and handles the results.
13466	Searches files matching a query by decomposing it into ngrams, scoring documents based on matching ngrams, and returning the top 10 most relevant documents.
13467	Partitions a collection into two lists based on a condition, where one list contains elements that satisfy the condition and the other contains those that do not.
13468	```plaintext
runs a program that provides information about locations, including postcodes and coordinates; supports updating bikes, running an API server, and formatting output as JSON
```
13469	Sets context variables based on language direction, providing layout and marker information.
13470	Find links between two instances based on the given relationship ID and phrase.
13471	Formalizes association by adding referential and identifying attributes. Defines getter and setter for referential attributes.
13472	Compute the lookup key for an instance using a dictionary of key mappings. If any attribute is null, return None. Otherwise, map attributes to their corresponding values and return a frozenset of these key-value pairs.
13473	def compute_index_key(self, to_instance):
    Create a key to identify an instance on the link.
    Returns a frozenset of instance attributes as dict items.
13474	Get the type of an attribute by its name, case-insensitive.
13475	Create and return a new instance, setting default values for attributes and handling positional and named arguments. If referential attributes are present, relate them to other instances based on specified links.
13476	Obtain a sequence of all instances in the metamodel.
13477	Define a new class in the metamodel, check if it already exists, create a metaclass, add attributes, and store it in self.metaclasses.
13478	Sends a message with header, payload, and topics through a ZeroMQ socket.
13479	Receives header, payload, and topics through a ZeroMQ socket, captures messages, and returns parsed data.
13480	The `dead_code` function runs a static code analysis tool to identify dead code in a project. It constructs a command based on the environment (Travis or not), executes the command, and writes the output to a file. If the number of lines of dead code exceeds a specified cutoff (20), it prints an error message and exits.
13481	The `parse_emails` function extracts email addresses from strings or lists of strings.
13482	def rpc(f=None, **kwargs):
    """Marks a method as RPC. Applies options if provided."""
    if callable(f):
        return _rpc(f, **kwargs)
    else:
        kwargs['name'] = f if isinstance(f, str) else kwargs.get('name')
        return functools.partial(_rpc, **kwargs)
13483	Collects and returns a table of methods specified as RPCs, mapping their names to their corresponding functions and RPC specifications.
13484	async def normalize_postcode_middleware(request, handler):
    postcode = request.match_info.get('postcode')
    if postcode is None or postcode == "random":
        return await handler(request)
    if not is_uk_postcode(postcode):
        raise web.HTTPNotFound(text="Invalid Postcode")
    postcode_processed = postcode.upper().replace(" ", "")
    if postcode_processed == postcode:
        return await handler(request)
    url_name = request.match_info.route.name
    url = request.app.router[url_name]
    params = request.match_info.copy()
    params['postcode'] = postcode_processed
    raise web.HTTPMovedPermanently(str(url.url_for(**params)))
13485	Move to the next identifier and return the current one.
13486	The method recursively processes child elements of a system model's top-level packages.
13487	Iterates over packageable elements in a component instance and accepts each child.
13488	Iterates over child elements of a package and accepts each one.
13489	Return the average brightness of the image if it has changed.
13490	def match(self, *args):
    Prevents empty patterns and returns the result of matching values.
13491	Given a position in a text document, this method attempts to find the matching bracket by searching in the specified direction. If a match is found, it returns the position; otherwise, it returns -1.
13492	Creates a text selection for a character at a given position in a text edit widget.
13493	Updates document formatting based on cursor position by clearing old formatting and attempting to match brackets.
13494	Fixes IronPython string exceptions by converting them to real strings for proper traceback handling.
13495	Create a custom input hook for running the Qt4 application event loop, reusing an existing input hook if available, and handling KeyboardInterrupt.
13496	Returns a Mapper instance with the given name, reusing existing instances if they exist. Raises TypeError for invalid names.
13497	Registers a URL path pattern with optional HTTP method and parameter type casting.
13498	Decorator to register a simple path with optional method and type casting for parameters.
13499	Registers a path pattern with a function, optionally specifying HTTP method and parameter types.
13500	Registers a path with a function, optional method, and type casting.
13501	Dispatches a call to a function based on the URL pattern, method, and arguments.
13502	Reimplements execute method to store history. If not hidden, appends non-empty, unique commands to history, resets history edits, and moves index to most recent item.
13503	If the up key is pressed and the cursor is at the prompt, it searches through the history based on the input buffer prefix, updates the cursor position, and returns False. Otherwise, it returns True.
13504	When the down key is pressed, this method checks if the cursor is at the end of the text. If so, it either returns False to stop processing the event or True to continue, based on whether the history is locked or a shift modifier is pressed. If the cursor is not at the end, it allows the event to be processed.
13505	Set the input buffer to the previous history item if possible, optionally searching for a substring that matches as a prefix or substring.
13506	If the specified substring is found in the history, set the input buffer to the subsequent history item and return True; otherwise, return False.
13507	Handles replies for code execution, updating session history length if status is 'ok' and message type is 'save_magic'.
13508	Returns True if history movement is locked, determined by conditions on history lock, edited history, input buffer, and prompt cursor.
13509	Retrieves a history item, considering temporary edits if available.
13510	Replace current history with a sequence of items, initialize `_history_edits`, and set `_history_index`.
13511	Stores edits to the input buffer if the current buffer is different than the history at the stored index.
13512	Handle button click, print "See ya later!", flush output, clean up consoles, close window, and exit interpreter.
13513	Generates a list of Record objects from a DataFrame, where each Record has a series attribute representing a row from the DataFrame and an optional series attribute for additional data.
13514	Converts list of Record objects to pandas DataFrame
13515	Applies a given method to each row of a pandas DataFrame using a turntable process.
13516	Sets class attributes from a dictionary of key-value pairs.
13517	Update the SUB socket's subscriptions based on the topics list. Unsubscribe all topics first, then subscribe to all topics in the list or subscribe to everything if an empty topic is present.
13518	receive and parse a log message, then log it with appropriate topic and level
13519	Mergesort implementation using a min-heap to efficiently merge multiple sorted lists into a single sorted list. The function accepts an iterable of sorted iterables and an optional key function for custom sorting criteria. It returns an iterator of merged items, maintaining stability and with a complexity of O(N lg N).
13520	Executes a remote operation to create an iterator, yields the next item each time, and handles StopIteration to end the iteration.
13521	Converts a notebook from version 1 to version 2 format. For each code cell, creates a new code cell with the same code and prompt number. For each text cell, creates a new markdown cell with the same text. Returns the new notebook in version 2 format. Raises an error if the original version is not 1.
13522	This method returns the platform's maximum compatible version by extracting the major and minor version numbers from the platform string and appending the detected Mac OS X version.
13523	Retrieve a PEP 302 "importer" for the given path item. If no importer exists, use path hooks to find one. Cache the importer if created by a path hook. If no importer found, use ImpWrapper. Return the importer.
13524	Thunks the import of StringIO, preferring cStringIO if available.
13525	Turns a version string into a chronologically-sortable key.
13526	Return True when distribute wants to override a setuptools dependency with a version that is not in the 0.6 series.
13527	Add a distribution to the working set, potentially replacing an existing one. If `entry` is not specified, it defaults to the distribution's location. Callbacks are called if the distribution is added.
13528	Find all activatable distributions in `plugin_env` and return them along with any required dependencies. Errors during resolution are stored in a dictionary.
13529	Returns absolute cache path for archive and names, creating the directory if necessary. Tracks for possible cleanup.
13530	Parse string into entry point components: name, module, attributes, and extras.
13531	Caches and returns parsed metadata by using a local cached attribute `_pkg_info`, or by parsing it from the `PKG_INFO` file using the `email.parser` module if the attribute is not already set.
13532	def _compute_dependencies(self):
Recompute this distribution's dependencies by parsing package info, compiling requirements, and creating a dependency map based on extras.
13533	parse_filename extracts the notebook format and name from a filename, defaulting to .ipynb if no extension is provided.
13534	```
def _collapse_leading_ws(header, txt):
    """
    Remove leading whitespace from lines in 'txt', except when 'header' is 'Description' and lines start with 8 spaces.
    """
```
13535	Disconnects signal handlers and event filter upon hiding the event.
13536	Reimplements `showEvent` to connect signal handlers and install an event filter.
13537	Returns a text cursor selecting text from the start position to the current cursor position.
13538	Updates the current item in a widget based on the selected text in the cursor, or hides the widget if no text is selected.
13539	Registers specified models for an admin site, excluding those in a given list.
13540	def disk_partitions(all):
    """Return disk partitions."""
    rawlist = _psutil_mswindows.get_disk_partitions(all)
    return [nt_partition(*x) for x in rawlist]
13541	Get system CPU times by summing processor values and return as a named tuple.
13542	Fetch system CPU times and return as list of named tuples.
13543	Reads data from sys.stdin in a non-blocking manner using Win32 API functions. Waits up to 100ms, then reads up to 256 bytes. Handles timeouts and errors, processes and returns the read data.
13544	def _stdin_raw_block(self):
    """Reads a single character from stdin, replaces '\r' with '\n', returns None if pipe closed, propagates other errors"""
13545	Toggle tabBar visibility based on the number of tabs: hidden with 0 or 1 tab, visible with 2 or more tabs. Close window if no tabs. Explicit call or connect to tabInserted/tabRemoved.
13546	def create_tab_with_current_kernel(self):  
Create a new frontend tab linked to the kernel of the current tab. Adjusts tab name if necessary, avoiding stacking slave tabs.
13547	Inserts a tab with a given frontend into the tab bar, assigns a name (or generates one), updates visibility, makes the frontend visible, and connects an exit request to close the tab.
13548	Adds action to menu and self, with option to defer shortcut context to widget-only.
13549	def _make_dynamic_magic(self, magic):
    """Create a function that executes 'magic' string on the active frontend when called."""
    def inner_dynamic_magic():
        self.active_frontend.execute(magic)
    return inner_dynamic_magic
13550	Clears "All Magics..." menu, repopulates it with `listofmagic` after parsing it. Adds actions to dynamically handle magics based on their type and name, handling protected magics with a special suffix.
13551	Closes all tabs, stops kernels, and quits application upon closing the main window, with an option to cancel and skip kernel stop.
13552	Generate a hashed password and salt using a specified algorithm. Prompt the user for a password if none is provided, and validate the input. Print the hashed password in the format 'algorithm:salt:hashed_value'.
13553	def passwd_check(hashed_passphrase, passphrase): 
Verifies if the provided passphrase matches its hashed version. Returns True if they match, False otherwise. Handles different hash algorithms and validates the salt and password digest.
13554	Generate a HTML snippet for a boolean attribute on an admin page. If an override value is provided, display a static image; otherwise, use a checkbox that can be toggled via AJAX.
13555	Generate a short title for an object, indent it based on its depth in the hierarchy, and conditionally add classes for editing.
13556	```python
def _collect_editable_booleans(self):
    """
    Collect all editable boolean fields for AJAX use.
    """
    if hasattr(self, '_ajax_editable_booleans'):
        return

    self._ajax_editable_booleans = {}

    for field in self.list_display:
        item = getattr(self.__class__, field, None)
        if not item or not getattr(item, 'editable_boolean_field', None):
            continue

        def _fn(self, instance):
            return [ajax_editable_boolean_cell(instance, _fn.attr)]

        _fn.attr = getattr(item, 'editable_boolean_field')
        result_func = getattr(item, 'editable_boolean_result', _fn)
        self._ajax_editable_booleans[_fn.attr] = result_func
```
13557	Handle AJAX toggle_boolean request, validate user, toggle boolean attribute, save object, and return updated data
13558	Returns True if the user has permission to change the object, considering object-level permissions if enabled. Otherwise, returns True if TreeEditor's parent class has the same permission.
13559	Checks object-level delete permission using custom lookup in `TREE_EDITOR_OBJECT_PERMISSIONS` settings. If enabled, verifies user permission through `has_perm` method. Combines with superclass permission check before returning result.
13560	Add children recursively to a binary tree at a given level, with a specified number of children per node.
13561	Create a symmetrical binary tree with a given number of levels using NetworkX.
13562	Submit jobs based on topological order of a graph, ensuring dependencies are met by using temporary flags.
13563	Validate that each job starts after its dependencies finish.
13564	Iterate over color templates and set attributes in a class using those values.
13565	Return a copy of the object, optionally renaming it using the provided name or the current name.
13566	Add a color scheme to the table, raising an error if the input is not a ColorScheme instance.
13567	Sets the currently active scheme in a case-sensitive or insensitive manner, validates the scheme name, and updates the active scheme's colors. If the scheme is not recognized, raises a ValueError.
13568	Return the lib dir under the 'home' installation scheme, using 'site-packages' if running on PyPy, otherwise using 'lib/python'.
13569	Method to asynchronously process messages from a subscribe channel. Reads messages, determines type, and handles stdout, stderr, pyout, and status updates accordingly.
13570	Method to capture raw_input with a timeout, handle iopub messages, and ensure the SIGINT handler is preserved during the input process.
13571	method to wait for a kernel to be ready by unpausing the heart beat channel and running a cell until the heart beat is detected or a timeout occurs
13572	Sets the style to a specified Pygments style, converts string names to style objects if necessary, clears caches, and updates the internal style attribute.
13573	```python
def _get_format(self, token):
    """ Returns a QTextCharFormat for token or None. Caches results. """
    if token in self._formats:
        return self._formats[token]
    
    result = (self._get_format_from_document if self._style is None 
              else self._get_format_from_style)(token, self._style, self._document)
    
    self._formats[token] = result
    return result
```
13574	Returns a QTextCharFormat for a token by formatting it with the document's formatter, setting the HTML, and extracting the character format.
13575	Returns a QTextCharFormat for a token based on a Pygments style, setting various properties like color, background, boldness, italic, underline, and font style.
13576	def find_command(cmd, paths=None, pathext=None):
    Searches PATH for given command and returns its path. Handles extensions based on system configuration.
13577	Converts path to canonical, absolute, case-normalized version.
13578	def check_nsp(dist, attr, value):
    Verifies namespace packages are valid
    Ensures distribution contains modules/packages for each nsp
    Warns if a parent namespace is declared but missing
13579	Defines a function to validate entry points by parsing them with pkg_resources. Raises an error if parsing fails.
13580	Determines if the input string ends with a blank line or whitespace.
13581	def last_two_blanks(src): Split src into lines, replace last two with '###\n', and use regex to check if they end in two blanks.
13582	Transforms `files = !ls` syntax into `files = get_ipython().getoutput("ls")`.
13583	Replaces `a = %who` syntax with `%s = get_ipython().magic(%r)`
13584	remove leading '>>> ' from input line if present
13585	Returns input line if it doesn't start with classic IPython prompt syntax, otherwise removes the prompt syntax.
13586	Pushes input lines and checks if they form a complete Python block. Returns True if an exception occurs.
13587	Return true if a block of interactive input can accept more input, otherwise return false.
13588	Computes new indentation level for a single Python line, adjusting based on leading spaces, trailing ':', and dedent patterns. Returns new indent level and whether it causes a full dedent.
13589	Store lines in buffer, append newline if missing, and update store attribute.
13590	Return input, raw source, and perform a full reset.
13591	Process lines starting with %% to handle cell magics. Set processing_cell_magic to True. Partition lines into magic name, body, and further processing. Store body and create a template to run cached cell magic. Store the original lines and splitted parts. Determine if input is complete based on last blank line and return the result.
13592	Append new lines to a cell buffer and check if two consecutive blank lines indicate completion.
13593	Reset, push cell, reset source
13594	Stores lines of input and returns whether the code forms a complete Python block. Handles special IPython syntax and cell magics. Applies transformations to input lines before pushing them to the superclass.
13595	Initialize observer storage
- Registered types: set of observed types
- Registered senders: set of observed senders
- Observers dictionary
13596	Post notification to all registered observers using the provided ntype, sender, args, and kwargs. Raises NotificationError if ntype or sender are None. Performance is O(1) with no registered observers. Notification order is undefined and posted synchronously.
13597	Find all observers matching notification type and sender, using exact match, ntype match, sender match, and universal match. Return a set of observables.
13598	Add a callback to the notification center to be called when a notification with a specific type and sender is posted.
13599	Starts a new background job in a separate thread from a given function or expression, with optional arguments and keyword arguments
13600	Moves finished jobs from running list to completed or dead lists and updates report lists accordingly
13601	The method `_group_report` prints a summary of jobs in a given group and returns True if the group had any elements. It iterates through the jobs, printing their number and name.
13602	Flush a job group and print the number of jobs flushed. Returns True if any jobs were flushed.
13603	This method prints the status of newly finished jobs and returns True if any new jobs are reported. It updates the status, groups completed and dead jobs, resets the reports, and returns the presence of completed jobs.
13604	更新并打印所有正在管理的作业的状态。
13605	Common initialization for BackgroundJob objects, setting default values for status, stat_code, finished, and result, and initializing a thread.
13606	```python
Inserts a value at a specific index in the list and rebuilds the list.
```
13607	Create a shallow copy of the Environment object.
13608	Define a method to declare an environment variable as special, checking if it's already declared and ensuring the same subclass and separator are used. If not, create a new special variable.
13609	Declare an environment variable as list-like with optional separator.
13610	Declare an environment variable as a set-like special variable with an optional separator.
13611	Change the working directory to a new path, resolving relative paths relative to the current working directory.
13612	Chooses two random indices within a specified range and swaps the cities at those indices in the current route.
13613	Calculates the total distance of a given route using either a precomputed distance matrix or a distance function between cities.
13614	The `_defaults` method initializes an empty dictionary and populates it with keys from the `_keys` attribute or a provided list, setting each value to `None`.
13615	Ensure table exists and has correct keys and types. If not, return False and log warnings.
13616	Converts a list to a dictionary using specified keys. If no keys are provided, uses stored keys. Assigns list values to corresponding dictionary keys, using default values if necessary.
13617	Converts MongoDB-style search dict to SQL query by iterating through keys, handling nested dictionaries, applying operators, and formatting expressions and arguments.
13618	def warn(msg, level=2, exit_val=1):
    """Consistent warning printer. Sends output to stderr. Levels control message and exit: 0 does nothing, 1 prints message, 2 prints 'WARNING:' + message, 3 prints 'ERROR:' + message, 4 prints 'FATAL ERROR:' + message and exits with given value."""
13619	Load config from file, validate with schema if provided, merge with default values if specified, return the final config.
13620	Output an HTML table with rows and columns.
13621	Output an anchor tag with the given URL, text, classes, and target. If the URL doesn't start with 'http' or '/', it handles reverse arguments, constructs the URL, and appends a query string if provided.
13622	Adds media_url for relative paths and returns a script tag to a JS file.
13623	Generates a link tag for a CSS stylesheet, handling relative paths by prepending a base URL.
13624	Returns an HTML image tag with the provided URL, alternative text, classes, and style attributes.
13625	Subtract arg from value safely, converting to numeric if possible, and handle exceptions gracefully by returning an empty string.
13626	Multiplies `value` and `arg`, converting them to numbers if possible. Returns the product or an empty string if multiplication fails.
13627	Divide arg by value, handling type and value errors gracefully by returning an empty string if any exception occurs
13628	Calculate the modulo of two values, handling non-numeric inputs gracefully.
13629	Return the verbose name of a model, handling both Model and ModelForm instances, and optionally capitalize the name.
13630	Splits user input into whitespace, escape character, function part, and the rest, handling unicode and default patterns.
13631	Register command-line options for parallel testing with process management.
13632	Add a builtin and save the original. If value is HideBuiltin, remove the builtin. Otherwise, update the builtin with the new value and save the original.
13633	Remove an added builtin and re-set the original.
13634	Reset builtins to original values.
13635	Finds the true URL name of a package by fetching the page and comparing normalized names. Returns the real name if a match is found, otherwise returns None.
13636	Yields all URLs with specified relations from an HTML parsed object. Filters by existing relations and generates `Link` objects.
13637	Converts command-line argument string to a list by splitting on commas, while removing enclosing single quotes on Windows platform.
13638	def main():
    Stops execution if an ExceptionDuringRun is caught, printing the exception trace and setting status to ERR.
            Stops execution if a CoverageException is caught, printing the error message and setting status to ERR.
            Stops execution if a SystemExit is caught, using the error argument as the status or None if no argument is provided.
            Otherwise, sets status to the result of CoverageScript().command_line(argv) and prints the time taken if desired.
13639	Define a specialized option with a callback to execute an action, storing the action code.
13640	Adds option's action code to the `actions` list in `parser.values`.
13641	def command_line(self, argv):
    """Process command-line arguments and execute coverage reporting tasks.

    - Collect options and parse arguments.
    - Handle help and version requests.
    - Check for conflicts and invalid options.
    - Listify and configure coverage options.
    - Erase or load coverage data as needed.
    - Execute coverage command actions (report, annotate, html, xml).
    - Return success or failure status.

    Args:
        argv: List of command-line arguments.

    Returns:
        0 if successful, 1 if an error occurred.
    """
13642	Displays an error message, help topic, or parser help.
13643	```python
def do_help(self, options, args, parser):
    """Deal with help requests. Return True if handled, False otherwise."""
    if options.help:
        self.help_fn(topic='help' if self.classic else parser)
        return True
    if "help" in options.actions:
        for a in args or ['help']:
            if (p := CMDS.get(a)):
                self.help_fn(parser=p)
            else:
                self.help_fn(topic=a)
        return True
    if options.version:
        self.help_fn(topic='version')
        return True
    return False
```
13644	Checks options for conflicts, ensures at least one action is specified, and validates arguments based on selected actions.
13645	Start coverage, run script, stop coverage, save results, restore path.
13646	def do_debug(self, args): Implement 'coverage debug' functionality. Handles 'sys' and 'data' arguments, prints system info or coverage data summary respectively. Returns OK on success, ERR on failure or invalid input.
13647	Deserialize an object from serialized data buffers, handling lists, tuples, and dictionaries.
13648	Store and replace the current sys.displayhook with the instance's hook
13649	Decorator to log unhandled exceptions in a method, preventing stream closure.
13650	Check if a string is a valid ZMQ URL by ensuring it contains '://', has a valid protocol ('tcp', 'pgm', etc.), and splits correctly.
13651	Validate a ZeroMQ URL string for correctness, ensuring it follows the correct format and contains valid protocols and ports.
13652	def validate_url_container(container): if string: validate_url(string) elif dictionary: iterate through values recurse for each element
13653	Helper method to pull values from the global namespace based on keys. Raises NameError if keys are not found.
13654	Returns n random available ports. Creats a socket, binds it to an available port, checks if the port is already selected, and adds it to the list. Finally, closes all sockets and returns the list of ports.
13655	Converts a function into a remote function with optional mapping behavior.
13656	Turns a function into a parallel remote function.
13657	Calls a function on each element of sequences remotely, returning an AsyncMapResult if block is False.
13658	Get the last n items from the readline history.
13659	Sets or toggles the autoindent feature, ensuring compatibility with readline on POSIX systems.
13660	Initialize logging based on command-line arguments, appending to a file if specified, logging to a file if specified, or starting logging without a specific file.
13661	Saves the current state of hooks in the sys module.
13662	Restore the state of the sys module by setting its attributes back to their original values. If an AttributeError occurs, it is ignored. Additionally, if the original main module was replaced, reset it to its original state.
13663	Registers a function to be called after code execution. Raises ValueError if the argument is not callable.
13664	Returns a new 'main' module object for user code execution, initializes it with a namespace `ns`, and returns it.
13665	Cache the namespace of a main module. Keep only the last copy to prevent memory leaks while allowing access to the most recent objects. Make a copy of the namespace to avoid deleting the original module's references.
13666	Intializes the user's namespace with default values, including 'help', history lists, and aliases. Hides certain variables from the `%who` command. Updates the actual user namespace.
13667	Gets a list of references to all namespace dictionaries IPython might use to store user-created objects, excluding the displayhook.
13668	Reset the internal namespaces and attempt to release references to user objects. If new_session is True, a new history session will be opened.
13669	def del_var(self, varname, by_name=False):
    """Delete a variable from namespaces, avoiding hidden references."""
    if varname in ('__builtin__', '__builtins__'):
        raise ValueError("Cannot delete %s" % varname)

    ns_refs = self.all_ns_refs

    if by_name:                    # Delete by name
        for ns in ns_refs:
            ns.pop(varname, None)
    else:                         # Delete by object
        try:
            obj = self.user_ns[varname]
        except KeyError:
            raise NameError("name '%s' is not defined" % varname)
        
        ns_refs.append(self.history_manager.output_hist)
        to_delete = [n for n, o in ns_refs.items() if o is obj]
        for name in to_delete:
            del ns_ref[name]
        
        for name in ('_', '__', '___'):
            if getattr(self.displayhook, name) is obj:
                setattr(self.displayhook, name, None)
13670	The method `reset_selective` removes variables from internal namespaces based on a specified regular expression. If a regex is provided, it compiles the pattern and iterates through all namespaces, deleting keys that match the regex.
13671	Injects variables into the IPython user namespace. Handles dict, str, and list inputs, optionally updating the namespace with the `who` magic.
13672	def _ofind(self, oname, namespaces=None):
    """Find an object in the available namespaces. Returns found status, object, namespace, ismagic, isalias, and parent."""
    oname = oname.strip()
    namespaces = namespaces or [
        ('Interactive', self.user_ns),
        ('Interactive (global)', self.user_global_ns),
        ('Python builtin', builtin_mod.__dict__),
        ('Alias', self.alias_manager.alias_table),
        ]
    oname_parts = oname.split('.')
    found = False; obj = None; ospace = None; ismagic = False; isalias = False; parent = None

    # Search namespaces
    for nsname, ns in namespaces:
        try:
            obj = ns[oname_parts[0]]
        except KeyError:
            continue
        for part in oname_parts[1:]:
            try:
                parent = obj
                obj = getattr(obj, part)
            except AttributeError:
                break
        else:
            found = True
            ospace = nsname
            break

    # Check for magic functions
    if not found:
        if oname.startswith(ESC_MAGIC2):
            obj = self.find_cell_magic(oname.lstrip(ESC_MAGIC2))
13673	Defends property details for given object.
13674	Find an object using _ofind and return a Struct with info and properties.
13675	This method provides a generic interface to an inspection system, invoked by pdef, pdoc, etc. It searches for an object using `_object_find` and, if found, calls the appropriate method from the `inspector` based on the provided `meth` parameter. The method also handles formatting based on whether the object is magical or not. If the object is not found, it prints a message and returns 'not found'.
13676	Sets up command history and initiates regular autosaves.
13677	### Summary:
Replaces the default excepthook with one that prints a traceback using InteractiveTB, avoiding conflicts with GUI frameworks that intercept exceptions. Use sparingly in non-IPython error scenarios.
13678	Displays or shows the traceback of an exception, presenting it to the user. Handles specific exception types like SyntaxError and UsageError. Optionally shows only the exception details or the full traceback. Includes option to drop into the debugger.
13679	Writes a traceback to stdout using text converted from a traceback object.
13680	Displays syntax error info without traceback. Optionally updates filename if provided.
13681	readline hook called at the start of each line, handles auto-indent and inserts text if available
13682	This method, `complete`, returns the completed text and a list of possible completions. It accepts optional parameters for the full text line and cursor position, allowing context for more accurate completions. The method uses a built-in mechanism to complete the text and returns the actual completed text and a sorted list of matches.
13683	Adds a custom completer function at a specified position in the completer list.
13684	Set the frame of the completer to the provided frame's local and global namespaces, or to the user's namespaces if no frame is provided.
13685	Execute the given line magic function, handling cell magic alternatives and variable expansion.
13686	Finds and retrieves a magic by name of a given type, returning None if not found.
13687	Define a macro with a name and an action. If the action is a string, create a new Macro object. Store the macro in user_ns under the given name.
13688	Execute a command in a subprocess using os.system, expand variables, handle UNC paths on Windows, convert to string, store exit code in user_ns.
13689	Prints a rewritten form of the user's command to the screen if automatic rewriting is enabled, providing visual feedback.
13690	Get variables from user namespace and return their repr values.
13691	Evaluate expressions in a user's namespace and return their string representations.
13692	Evaluate Python expression `expr` in user namespace using `eval` and return the result.
13693	safe_execfile_ipy safely executes an IPython file, handling file opening and directory path adjustments. It reads the file and runs its contents using run_cell, capturing exceptions and showing tracebacks if errors occur.
13694	Save and clear the current cell magic body, then run the specified cell magic with the saved data.
13695	Execute a cell of code, handling prefilters, history, logging, and post-execution functions.
13696	Run a sequence of AST nodes with specified interactivity.
13697	Enables pylab support at runtime by activating matplotlib, preloading numpy and pylab into the interactive namespace, and configuring IPython to interact with the GUI event loop. Optionally selects a matplotlib GUI backend.
13698	Expand python variables in a string, using the caller's local namespace and the user's interactive namespace for expansion.
13699	Makes a new temporary file with an optional prefix and data, registers it for cleanup, and returns the filename.
13700	Return a string of input history slices based on a specified range string.
13701	Retrieve code from various sources such as history, file, URL, or user namespace. Handles different encodings and exceptions.
13702	This method performs cleanup operations at exit. It closes the history session, deletes temporary files, clears user namespaces, and runs user shutdown hooks.
13703	send a message from an engine to all other engines
13704	Sends a message from a sender to one or more targets using a client. If no destination name is provided, it defaults to the message name. It uses an asynchronous approach to send the message and then executes a blocking receive operation on the targets.
13705	def skipif(skip_condition, msg=None): 
    def skip_decorator(f): 
        if callable(skip_condition): 
            skip_val = lambda : skip_condition() 
        else: 
            skip_val = lambda : skip_condition 

        def get_msg(): 
            return "Skipping test: %s%s" % (f.__name__, msg or '') 

        def skipper_func(*args, **kwargs): 
            if skip_val(): 
                raise nose.SkipTest(get_msg()) 
            else: 
                return f(*args, **kwargs) 

        def skipper_gen(*args, **kwargs): 
            if skip_val(): 
                raise nose.SkipTest(get_msg()) 
            else: 
                for x in f(*args, **kwargs): 
                    yield x 

        skipper = skipper_gen if nose.util.isgenerator(f) else skipper_func 
        return nose.tools.make_decorator(f)(skipper) 
    return skip_decorator
13706	Decorator to skip a test if a given condition is true, raising a KnownFailureTest exception with an optional message.
13707	```
@deprecated(conditional=True)
def deprecate_decorator(f):
    Decorate function to filter deprecation warnings and verify they are raised.
```
13708	Lists profiles in a root directory, filtering dirs starting with "profile_".
13709	Lists bundled IPython profiles from the config directory, excluding special folders.
13710	This method finds a distribution matching a given requirement `req`. If an active distribution exists for the requested project and it meets the version requirement, it returns the distribution. If it does not meet the requirement, a `VersionConflict` is raised. If no active distribution exists, it returns `None`.
13711	This function runs a command and waits for it to complete, returning all output as a string. If a timeout is specified, the command will terminate after the timeout period. The `withexitstatus` parameter can be set to `True` to include the exit status in the output. The `events` parameter allows for patterns to be matched in the output, and responses or callback functions can be triggered based on those matches. The function handles both string and callback responses, and can be used to interact with interactive child processes.
13712	This function searches for an executable file by name in the system's PATH environment variable. It first checks if the filename already includes a path and is executable. If not, it iterates through each directory in PATH, searching for the file and verifying its executability. If found, it returns the full path; otherwise, it returns None.
13713	Supports iteration over a file-like object by returning lines until the end is reached, then raising StopIteration.
13714	Sends a string to a child process, logs it if a log file is set, and returns the number of bytes written.
13715	Sends a SIGINT signal to a child process.
13716	Recompiles unicode regex patterns to bytes regexes, overriding in subclass.
13717	This method `expect` searches for a pattern in a stream until a match is found, handling various patterns including strings, compiled regexes, and special conditions like EOF and TIMEOUT. It returns the index of the matched pattern in the list. If no match is found within the timeout, it raises a TIMEOUT exception unless specified otherwise. The method compiles patterns into a list and delegates the actual searching to `expect_list()`.
13718	The `expect_loop` method in a class uses a loop to search for patterns using a `searcher` instance. It reads data nonblocking and updates the search buffer until a match is found or a timeout occurs. If a match is found, it updates the class attributes and returns the index. It handles exceptions like EOF and TIMEOUT by updating the buffer and attributes and re-raising or returning appropriate values.
13719	Recompiles bytes regex patterns to unicode patterns using the specified encoding.
13720	This function searches for the first occurrence of any string from a list in a given buffer, but only within a specified end region defined by `freshlen`. If a match is found, it returns the index of the string and updates `start`, `end`, and `match` attributes. Otherwise, it returns -1.
13721	This method searches a given buffer for the first occurrence of any regular expression in a list of searches. It starts from the end of the buffer if a search window size is provided, otherwise it searches the entire buffer. If a match is found, it returns the index of the search pattern and updates the start, end, and match attributes. If no match is found, it returns -1.
13722	def log_listener(log, level):
    """Progress Monitor listener that logs all updates to the given logger"""
    if log is None:
        log = logging.getLogger("ProgressMonitor")
    def listen(monitor):
        name = monitor.name + ": " if monitor.name else ""
        perc = int(monitor.progress * 100)
        msg = f"[{name}{perc:3d}%] {monitor.message}"
        log.log(level, msg)
    return listen
13723	def unpack_directory(filename, extract_dir, progress_filter=default_filter):  
    """"Unpack" a directory, using the same interface as for archives  
    Raises ``UnrecognizedFormat`` if `filename` is not a directory  
    Walks through the directory structure, copying each file to the extraction directory applying a progress filter"
13724	This method emits a message to either stdout or stderr based on whether the debug flag is set and the verbosity level. If debug is true, the message is sent to stderr only if the class attribute debug is also true. If debug is false, the message is sent to stdout only if the class attribute verbose is greater than or equal to the provided level.
13725	Gets the output of the last command executed, raises an error if nothing has been executed, handles cases with no errors gracefully.
13726	Executes a command, raises an error on non-zero return code, and returns the output.
13727	Find source for filename, return actual filename and source based on file type and existence. Raises NoSource if no source found.
13728	Returns a sorted list of arcs executed in the code by mapping line numbers to their first lines and then sorting them.
13729	Returns a sorted list of arcs not executed, excluding arcs from no_branch.
13730	Returns a sorted list of executed arcs not predicted by the model, excluding self-referential arcs.
13731	Returns a list of line numbers with more than one exit.
13732	Returns the total number of branches with more than one exit count.
13733	Return arcs not executed from branch lines, formatted as {branch_line:[arcs_not_executed]}
13734	Compute stats about branches. Return a dict with line numbers mapped to (total_exits, taken_exits).
13735	```python
def set_precision(cls, precision):
    """Set the number of decimal places for percentage reporting."""
    assert 0 <= precision < 10
    cls._precision = precision
    cls._near0 = 1.0 / 10**precision
    cls._near100 = 100.0 - cls._near0
```
13736	Calculates percentage coverage based on executed statements and branches.
13737	Returns a string representation of the percentage covered, ensuring it doesn't round to 0 or 100.
13738	Highlights specified words or phrases in a text by wrapping them in a span with a specified class.
13739	def highlight(string, keywords, cls_name='highlighted'):  
    """Highlights matched keywords in a string with a specified class name. Returns the string with highlighted text."""
13740	Highlights matched keywords in a string using a specified CSS class.
13741	Run a function `func` under an OS sandbox by temporarily replacing built-in functions and variables, then restore them afterward.
13742	Remove outer quotes from a string if present.
13743	Indent a string by a specified number of spaces and/or tabs, with an option to flatten existing indentation.
13744	Return the input string centered in a 'marquee' with specified width and border mark.
13745	Removes LaTeX-type format codes from a string for screen printing.
13746	Dedent text while ignoring the first line if it's unindented.
13747	_Summary: Wraps each paragraph in a given text to fit the specified width, while preserving any meaningful indentation._
13748	Calculate最优列数和每列宽度，适应指定显示宽度
13749	return list item if index exists, else return default
13750	def compute_item_matrix(items, empty=None, *args, **kwargs) :
    **Computes a nested list layout for a list of strings with specified display width and separator size. Returns the formatted matrix along with columnization information.**
13751	Collects whitespace-separated fields from a list of strings, allowing quick selection and joining of fields, while ignoring IndexErrors. Returns a new list of the selected fields.
13752	set kernel argv from input or sys.argv, apply frontend aliases and flags, append parent appname config
13753	Sets up SSH tunnels for Jupyter connections, updates ports, and modifies connection file if SSH key and server are provided.
13754	Function that formats and returns the string representation of an object using a specified printer class.
13755	print an object in a pretty format to stdout
13756	def _get_mro(obj_class): Determines the method resolution order (MRO) of a class, handling both old-style and new-style classes. For old-style classes, it creates a fake new-style class by inheriting from object. Returns the MRO as a tuple.
13757	def _default_pprint(obj, p, cycle):
    If obj has a custom __repr__, use it; otherwise, print the class name and id.
    If cycling detected, add '...'.
    If verbose, print all non-private, non-method attributes with their values.
13758	def _seq_pprinter_factory(start, end, basetype):  
    Creates a pprint function for sequences, using specified start and end delimiters.  
    Handles subclassing, cycles, and special cases like single-item tuples.
13759	Factory for dict pprint function, handling subclass repr and sorting keys.
13760	```python
_pretty_super(obj, p, cycle):
    """Pretty-print a super object."""
    p.begin_group(8, '<super: ')
    p.pretty(obj.__self_class__)
    p.text(',')
    p.breakable()
    p.pretty(obj.__self__)
    p.end_group(8, '>')
```
13761	The `_re_pattern_pprint` function formats the string representation of a regular expression pattern using the `pprint` function. It constructs the pattern with the appropriate prefix (`u` or `r` for unicode and raw strings, respectively) and handles flags, appending `re.` followed by each flag that is set. The pattern and flags are enclosed in `re.compile()` and formatted with breaks and pipes for readability.
13762	Formats the name of a class or type for pretty printing, including its module if not from the built-in or exceptions modules.
13763	```python
def _function_pprint(obj, p, cycle):
    """Base pprint for all functions and built-in functions."""
    if obj.__module__ in ('__builtin__', 'exceptions') or not obj.__module__:
        name = obj.__name__
    else:
        name = obj.__module__ + '.' + obj.__name__
    p.text('<function %s>' % name)
```
13764	def _exception_pprint(obj, p, cycle):
    """Formats exceptions for pretty printing."""
    module = obj.__class__.__module__
    name = obj.__class__.__name__ if module in ('exceptions', 'builtins') else f"{module}.{name}"
    step = len(name) + 1
    p.begin_group(step, f"{name}(")
    for idx, arg in enumerate(getattr(obj, 'args', ())):
        if idx: p.text(',') p.breakable()
        p.pretty(arg)
    p.end_group(step, ')')
13765	Define a function to add a pretty printer for a specified type, returning the old printer or None.
13766	Define a pretty printer for a specified type by module and name. Store the old printer, if any, and update with the new printer if provided.
13767	Add literal text to the output, updating the buffer or writing directly based on the presence of an existing buffer.
13768	Add a breakable separator to the output. If a break is needed, flush the output and insert a newline or spaces. Otherwise, append the separator to the buffer and handle outer groups.
13769	Ends a group by decreasing indentation, popping from the group stack, and removing from the group queue if not breakable. Optionally closes with a specified string.
13770	Clear buffer and flush data.
13771	def pretty(self, obj):  
    """Pretty print the given object using various methods including registering printers and deferring to specific attributes."""
13772	Returns a ColorSchemeTable with schemes for 'Linux', 'LightBG', and 'NoColor', each defined by various color attributes for different elements in exception reports.
13773	Writes a row into an ODS file, sets cell values and background colors based on column index.
13774	Retrieves text from the Windows clipboard using pywin32.
13775	Get macOS clipboard text, replace \r with \n, return text.
13776	Get clipboard text using Tkinter on non-Windows/macOS systems. Raises ImportError if Tkinter is not available.
13777	Returns a safe build_prefix, ensuring it exists and is owned by the current user.
13778	Rekey a dictionary by converting string keys to integers or floats if possible, ensuring no duplicates.
13779	Recursively searches through a JSON-like object, converting ISO8601 formatted strings into datetime objects.
13780	Recursively converts datetime objects within a nested data structure to ISO8601 formatted strings.
13781	This function, `date_default`, serves as a JSON serialization default handler for datetime objects. It checks if the object is an instance of datetime and formats it using ISO8601. If not, it raises a TypeError indicating the object is not serializable.
13782	Clean an object to make it safe for JSON encoding by converting containers to lists, recursively cleaning items, and handling exceptions for incompatible types.
13783	Verify if install_dir is a .pth-capable directory, test write permissions, ensure valid site_dir status, handle multi_version cases, and manage pth_file accordingly.
13784	Write an executable script to the scripts directory with specified mode and contents.
13785	def sleep_here(count, t): sleeps for t seconds and returns the same args
13786	Create argument parser for command, set description, epilog, help, and usage. Add --version argument and custom arguments. Return configured parser.
13787	This function converts a list of sources from `.pyx` to `.c` extensions.
13788	reads connection file, establishes ZMQ connection to watch for messages on iopub channel, and prints them.
13789	Create a package finder with specified options and URLs.
13790	Adjusts log level based on new value, converting string to enum if necessary.
13791	Set up logging for the application, defaulting to stdout with a WARNING level and a custom format. Adjust the log level and format as needed.
13792	Ensures a flags dictionary is valid by checking each key-value pair. The value must be a tuple of length 2, where the first element is either a dictionary or a Config object, and the second element is a string.
13793	Prints help for aliases by replacing long names with aliases in trait descriptions.
13794	print_flag_help method prints the help information for flags if they exist. It iterates through the flags, formats the flag name with a prefix ('--' for longer flags, '-' for single-character flags), and indents the help text. The formatted lines are then joined and printed, separated by newline characters.
13795	Prints a formatted list of subcommands with optional descriptions.
13796	Print help for Configurable classes and options. If classes=True, print class parameters and descriptions. If classes=False, print available configurables.
13797	Prints examples if they exist, formatted and indented.
13798	Update the `self.config` attribute by merging a new configuration with the existing one, triggering traits events upon update.
13799	Initialize a subcommand with arguments, importing the subapp if necessary, clearing existing instances, and initializing the subapp with the provided arguments.
13800	Flatten aliases and flags in classes, promoting those with single descendents. Handle MRO trees to manage trait priority.
13801	Parse command-line arguments, handle help, version, and subcommands, flatten flags and aliases, and load configuration.
13802	Loads a .py config file using PyFileConfigLoader. Handles file not found and other exceptions, logging errors and updating the config if successful.
13803	Generate a default config file from Configurables, containing comments and class-specific configuration sections.
13804	Choose k random elements from input array.
13805	def info_formatter(info): format and yield lines from info
13806	Writes debug output, prepends PID if enabled, appends newline and flushes output.
13807	Updates class traits with config metadata when they change, loading config sections from parent classes and updating traits with corresponding config values.
13808	Get the help string for a class in ReST format, using instance trait values if provided.
13809	Retrieve trait help string with optional instance overrides display default, current value, choices, and help metadata.
13810	"""
Generate a configuration section for a class, including a header, class description, parent classes, and configurable traits with help text and default values. Comment each section for clarity.
"""
13811	Reset the instance attribute to None for the class and its singleton parent classes.
13812	Returns a global instance of a class, creating a new one if necessary and propagating it to subclasses.
13813	Extract traceback info and append it to the error message.
13814	Def handles exceptions by printing the traceback and adding a custom message with author's email and configuration type.
13815	Flushes the buffer and processes events.
13816	Reimplements the `start_channels` method from the superclass, then emits the `started_channels` signal.
13817	Reads a notebook from a file-like object, converts it to unicode if necessary, and then parses it using the `reads` method.
13818	Read from pipe while ignoring EINTR errors.
13819	Run a command in a subprocess with shell=True and execute a callback with the Popen object. If a KeyboardInterrupt is raised, terminate the subprocess gracefully before exiting.
13820	Definitely
13821	Remove duplicates from the first 10 elements of a directory history, keeping only the first occurrence of each, and concatenate with the last 10 elements.
13822	Decorator for subclasses of Magics to register line and cell magics.
13823	Store a function in a dictionary under a specific magic kind and name. If the magic kind is 'line_cell', store the function in both the 'line' and 'cell' subdicts.
13824	Decorator factory for methods in Magics subclasses. It validates the type of `magic_kind`, creates a closure to capture `magic_kind`, and returns a decorator that records magic methods and their names.
13825	Decorator factory for standalone functions, capturing the magic kind. Registers magic functions for IPython, handling both callable and string arguments.
13826	Return a dict of documentation for magic functions, grouped by 'line' and 'cell'. Each docstring is optionally shortened to the first line. Missing docstrings are replaced with a specified value.
13827	Registers one or more Magics instances or classes with the shell. Instantiates classes if provided, validates their registration, updates the registry and magic tables.
13828	def register_function(self, func, magic_kind='line', magic_name=None):
    Registers a function as an IPython magic function.
13829	Format a string for LaTeX inclusion by escaping special characters and modifying magic command names and paragraph continues.
13830	```python
def parse_options(self, arg_str, opt_str, *long_opts, **kw):
    "Parse command-line options and arguments."
    caller = sys._getframe(1).f_code.co_name
    arg_str = '%s %s' % (self.options_table.get(caller,''), arg_str)
    
    mode = kw.get('mode', 'string')
    if mode not in ['string', 'list']:
        raise ValueError('incorrect mode given: %s' % mode)
    
    list_all = kw.get('list_all', 0)
    posix = kw.get('posix', os.name == 'posix')
    strict = kw.get('strict', True)
    
    odict = {}  # Dictionary with options
    args = arg_str.split()
    if len(args) >= 1:
        argv = arg_split(arg_str, posix, strict)
        opts, args = getopt(argv, opt_str, long_opts)
        for o, a in opts:
            if o.startswith('--'):
                o = o[2:]
            else:
                o = o[1:]
            if o in odict:
                if list_all:
                    odict[o].append(a)
                else:
                    odict[o] =
13831	Add an option for a function in the options_table if it's a recognized magic function.
13832	ShowGUI reference
13833	Factory function to create a properly initialized task, handling different callable types and setting properties like label, schedule, and userdata.
13834	Returns a task info dictionary from a task label by querying the Task model and parsing the _func_info JSON field.
13835	Returns a callable object from a task info dictionary based on the function type, handling different types like instance, class, static methods, and standalone functions.
13836	Calculate next run time for a task based on the last run time and schedule, resetting the schedule if not already run.
13837	Submit the task immediately with a given timestamp without handling iteration or end-date.
13838	This method executes a task callable with a message, updates task status based on iterations, and handles enabling/disabling the task and sending a kill signal.
13839	Instance method to run a task immediately, updates last run time, calculates next run time, saves the task, and submits it for execution at the current time.
13840	Class method to run a callable with a specified number of iterations. It sets up a task with a schedule and userdata, adjusts start and next run times based on input parameters, and saves the task.
13841	Class method that runs a callable once immediately.
13842	Find and set the URL file path, combining the profile directory and file name.
13843	Promotes the engine to a listening kernel accessible to frontends. Sets default arguments, initializes IPKernelApp, binds sockets, starts heartbeat, and logs connection information.
13844	Executes a test from a YAML file, optionally checking syntax or running steps. Initializes language model.
13845	This method creates an interrupt event handle using the CreateEventA function from the kernel32 library. It configures a SECURITY_ATTRIBUTES structure to permit handle inheritance by new processes and returns the event handle for use in interrupting a child process.
13846	Handles interrupts and ensures parent process exits on failure.
13847	Filter a dictionary by name pattern, item type, and case sensitivity, returning only matching items.
13848	Recursively filters a namespace dictionary, returning objects matching a type pattern and filter, optionally ignoring case and considering all objects or just modules.
13849	Check for mutually exclusive keys in a dictionary. If any pair of keys from the provided list is found present, raise a ValueError.
13850	Ensure the current figure is sent for drawing after every pylab command, handling interactive and non-interactive modes.
13851	Reset figures for drawing. If there are any changed figures, this function attempts to draw them and then clear flags for the next round. Exceptions are handled safely, showing a traceback if in IPython or re-raising otherwise.
13852	Draws the given figure, converts it to a PNG payload, sends it with MIME type.
13853	Load an IPython extension by module name, handle import, and call `_call_load_ipython_extension`.
13854	Unload an IPython extension by its module name. Lookup the extension's name in sys.modules and call _call_unload_ipython_extension() with the module as an argument.
13855	Generates a list of n random ports, starting with sequential ports near the given port, followed by randomly selected ports within a specified range.
13856	Initializes a Tornado web application and HTTP server, with optional SSL, listens on a random available port, and logs critical warnings if insecure configurations are used.
13857	Handles SIGINT by spawning a confirmation dialog in a background thread and setting a more forceful signal handler for repeated signals.
13858	def _confirm_exit(self):
    """Confirm shutdown with ^C, 'y' within 5s shuts down, otherwise resumes operation"""
13859	Cleans up kernels by shutting them down explicitly, allowing KernelManagers to clean up connection files.
13860	Price European and Asian options using a Monte Carlo method, calculating paths of stock prices and computing expectations for call and put options.
13861	Replaces substrings in a given text based on a dictionary of key-value pairs using regular expressions.
13862	Render a prompt without justification or updating width attributes, applying optional coloration based on input parameters.
13863	Starts a localhost kernel with specified parameters. Handles input/output redirection and launches the kernel using subprocess.Popen. Returns the kernel process and ports.
13864	def create_zipfile(context): Generates a zipfile for the project being released, renames it based on the version, and copies it to the original working directory.
13865	Fix the version in metadata.txt by updating the 'version' line with the value from context['new_version'].
13866	determine if an object is mappable by checking if it's a tuple or list, or if its type is in a predefined list of array modules
13867	Returns the pth partition of q partitions of seq.
13868	Monkeypatches pexpect.spawn's __del__ method to prevent unhandled exceptions at VM teardown by ensuring that open system resources are closed explicitly, avoiding issues with accessing built-in modules that have been reset to None.
13869	Open a file, run its code interactively, and return the output if requested.
13870	Run source code interactively, capture output if requested, and handle prompts accordingly.
13871	```python
def report(self, morfs, outfile=None):
    """Generate a Cobertura-compatible XML report for `morfs`. `outfile` is a file object to write the XML to."""
    outfile = outfile or sys.stdout
    doc = xml.dom.minidom.getDOMImplementation().createDocument(None, "coverage")
    doc.documentElement.setAttribute("version", __version__)
    xpackages = doc.createElement("packages")
    doc.documentElement.appendChild(xpackages)
    self.packages = {}
    self.report_files(self.xml_file, morfs)

    # Populate package info in XML
    for pkg_name in sorted(self.packages.keys()):
        pkg_data = self.packages[pkg_name]
        xpackage = doc.createElement("package")
        xpackages.appendChild(xpackage)
        xclasses = doc.createElement("classes")
        xpackage.appendChild(xclasses)
        for class_name in sorted(pkg_data[0].keys()):
            xclasses.appendChild(pkg_data[0][class_name])
        xpackage.setAttribute("name", pkg_name.replace(os.sep, '.'))
        xpackage.setAttribute("line-rate", rate(pkg_data[1], pkg_data[2]))
        xpackage.setAttribute("branch-rate", rate(pkg_data[3], pkg_data[4]))
        xpackage.setAttribute("complex
13872	Creates XML elements for a single file in an XML report, populating it with class and line information.
13873	```python
def fetch_pi_file(filename):
    """Downloads a segment of pi from super-computing.org if not already present."""
```
13874	Add up a list of frequency counts to get the total counts.
13875	Read digits from file, compute n-digit frequencies, return results.
13876	Generate digits from a text file, excluding newline and space characters, cast to a specified type.
13877	Function to count frequency of each digit (0-9) in a given sequence. Optionally normalizes the counts to a total of 1.
13878	Compute frequency counts of adjacent two-digit sequences in a stream of digits, optionally normalizing the counts.
13879	Calculates frequency counts of n-digit sequences from a stream of digits, optionally normalizing the results.
13880	Plots a 10x10 heatmap of two-digit frequency counts, labeling each cell with its corresponding digit pair.
13881	Plot one digit frequency counts using matplotlib.
13882	Prints the value of an expression from the caller's frame, along with the expression and a debug mark indicating the calling function. An optional message can be provided to prepend to the output.
13883	def reverse(view, *args, **kwargs):
	Reverse a Django URL, appending query parameters if provided.
13884	Deprecated method returning true if base name starts with an underscore but not with double underscores.
13885	Defines a(unittest.Suite) for doctest files, supporting module-relative paths, a package context, setup/teardown functions, initial globals, option flags, and a doc test parser.
13886	Debugs a doctest docstring by converting it to a script and then debugging it.
13887	Write and execute a script string in a debugger session, optionally using provided globals and enabling post-mortem debugging if an exception occurs.
13888	Debug a doctest in a module or submodule. Provide the module name and object name. Optionally, enable post-mortem debugging.
13889	Retrieve all data from a hashed category, sort files, handle 'xx' files, update a dictionary with file contents, and uncaching files.
13890	Compress category 'hashroot' by merging all sub-items into a single item at 'hashroot/xx', then remove the original sub-items.
13891	Returns all keys in the database, or keys matching a glob pattern. If no pattern is provided, it returns all files in the root directory. If a pattern is provided, it returns files matching the pattern.
13892	Determines if a record should be printed by checking if neither `_allow` nor `_deny` methods disallow it.
13893	Check if `record` starts with any item in `matchers`.
13894	Add captured log messages to error output by formatting log records and updating error message.
13895	```
embed(args) - Embeds IPython shell at current point, creating or reusing an instance. Accepts config and header.
```
13896	This method, `mainloop`, integrates IPython into a running Python program. It allows specifying local and global namespaces, with default values taken from the calling scope. The method updates these namespaces and initiates IPython's interactive shell. After the shell exits, it restores the original namespaces to ensure proper shutdown.
13897	Create CSV writers, write title rows, return them.
13898	Prepare locale directories for writing PO files, creating new dirs if needed.
13899	Writes msgstr for every language, appending entries to po_files with metadata and comments.
13900	Write header into PO file for specific language, using metadata from settings.
13901	subscribe user to service
13902	Function initializes an option parser for Notifo API, accepting options like user, secret, name, label, title, callback, and message.
13903	Running a Python module by its name and arguments, simulating the command `python -m name args...`, using standard import mechanics and handling package modules.
13904	Executes a Python file as if it were the main program on the command line, capturing arguments and handling exceptions.
13905	Open a file, read its content, ensure it ends with a newline, and compile it into a code object.
13906	Reads a .pyc file and returns the code object contained within, after verifying the file's magic number and skipping unnecessary header data.
13907	Function to convert a matrix into an HTML table, optionally with a header, footer, and selected cell styling.
13908	Updates the cursor position within a bounded range, adjusting start and stop values if necessary to maintain visibility and respect sticky boundaries.
13909	Cancel the completion, resetting internal variables and clearing the temporary buffer of the console.
13910	Adjusts selection index within matrix boundaries, wrapping around in a cyclical manner.
13911	Moves cursor up by decrementing the row index.
13912	Move cursor down by selecting the next row.
13913	Moves cursor left by decreasing column index.
13914	move cursor right
13915	Update list of completions, highlight selected one, and update console widget.
13916	Reads text from a string or file, counts word frequencies, and returns a dictionary.
13917	def print_wordfreq(freqs, n=10): Print top n most common words and counts from freqs dict.
13918	Converts the job description XML to a string, indents it, removes attribute order tokens, and adds XML declaration.
13919	Write the XML job description to a file
13920	Validate a pin against a schema using a validator; raise an exception if invalid
13921	Sends a shared pin for specified topics, validates the pin if not skipped, and handles HTTP errors.
13922	Deletes a shared pin by its ID, raises an error if the API key is missing, and handles HTTP errors.
13923	Send a user pin to a server, validate if specified, and handle potential HTTP errors.
13924	Delete a pin for a user using a token and pin ID, raise an exception on HTTP errors.
13925	Subscribes a user to a topic using a user token and handles potential HTTP errors.
13926	Fetches the list of topics a user is subscribed to using their token. Returns a list of topics, raises an error on failure.
13927	def monitored(total: int, name=None, message=None):
    Decorates a function to automatically manage task progress using a monitor. Ensures the function has a 'monitor' parameter.
13928	method `begin` sets up a progress monitor by initializing `total`, `name`, and `message`, then updates it to 0 with the specified or default message.
13929	Wrap code into a begin and end call, setting total, name, and message, and ensuring done() is called.
13930	Create a submonitor, yield it, and close it or update the parent monitor if not closed properly.
13931	Increments the monitor's progress by N units and updates an optional message. Raises an exception if called before `begin`. Listseners are notified.
13932	Create a sub-monitor representing a specified number of units of work within the current monitor; the sub-monitor should call `.begin` or use decorators before updating.
13933	Signal that a task is done, optionally providing a message. If no message is provided, it defaults to the task name or "Done". Calls update method with the remaining work and the message.
13934	Prints a string, using IPython's payload system instead of screen_lines and pager_cmd arguments. Optionally converts reStructuredText to HTML with docutils if auto_html is True. Starts displaying from a specified line number or 0 if negative. Payload includes both text and HTML.
13935	Moves the build location from a temporary directory to a new, more permanent location.
13936	Loads multiple Python config files, merging each in turn into a single config object.
13937	Load the config from a file and return it as a Struct, handling file not found errors.
13938	def _read_file_as_dict(self):
    """Load the config file into self.config, with recursive loading."""
13939	Updates `self.config` from a flag, which can be a dict or Config, by merging each section from the flag into the corresponding section in `self.config`. Raises a TypeError if the flag is not a valid type.
13940	Method `_decode_argv` decodes a list of arguments from bytes to Unicode, using a specified encoding or the default encoding if none provided. It checks if each argument is already Unicode; if not, it decodes it using the specified or default encoding. The decoded arguments are collected into a new list and returned.
13941	Parses command-line arguments to generate a Config object. Handles key-value pairs, flags, and extra arguments.
13942	Parses command line arguments, sets default values if not provided, creates a parser, parses arguments, converts to Config object, and returns it.
13943	**Summary:**  
The `_parse_args` method decodes command-line arguments into Unicode using the default encoding, then parses them using a specified parser, storing the result in `self.parsed_data` and any extra arguments in `self.extra_args`.
13944	Convert parsed data to config by iterating through vars, handling None values, and loading extra args using KVLoader.
13945	Finds the path of a module by searching the specified paths or sys.path, ignoring bytecode files and returning only if the module has a .py or .pyw extension. Returns None if not found or not a Python file.
13946	register callback to be called with stop_data when process finishes
13947	Triggers startup actions by logging process start and setting state to 'running'. Returns provided data.
13948	Logs process stopping, sets state to 'after', and calls registered stop callbacks with the provided data.
13949	Send INT signal, wait delay, then send KILL signal.
13950	Builds self.args by combining MPI command, number of processes, MPI arguments, program name, and program arguments.
13951	Start n instances of the program using mpiexec.
13952	send a file to a remote location using SCP, with retries and logging
13953	Fetches a file from a remote location to a local destination, retrying up to 10 seconds if the remote file does not exist.
13954	Determine engine count from `engines` dict by iterating values, summing up counts.
13955	Start engines using the `engines` config property. Loop through each host and launch `n` engines. For each engine, set up arguments, handle user authentication if present, and start the engine with a delay if necessary. Track each engine's launcher and return a list of start tasks.
13956	Starts n copies of a process using the Win HPC job scheduler by writing a job file, submitting it, and logging the process.
13957	Load the default context with default values for basic keys.
13958	Parse the output of a submit command to extract the job id, log the submission, and return the job id.
13959	```
The method `write_batch_script` writes a batch script to a specified directory. It first determines which batch template to use, then adds job array and queue settings if required, and finally formats the script with given context and writes it to a file with executable permissions.
```
13960	Starts n copies of a process using a batch system. Logs debug information, writes a batch script, runs the process, parses the job ID from output, and notifies the start of the job. Returns the job ID.
13961	This method sets up a custom context menu for images in a RichIPythonWidget. It不同方法."""
13962	Append raw JPG data to the widget, optionally inserting it before the prompt.
13963	Append raw PNG data to the widget using a custom _insert_png method.
13964	Append raw SVG data to the widget, optionally inserting it before any prompt.
13965	Adds a QImage to the document and returns a QTextImageFormat referencing it.
13966	Copies an image to the clipboard using its name.
13967	Gets image resource by name
13968	Inserts a raw image (jpg or png) from binary data into the document at the current cursor position, formats it, and moves the cursor to the next block.
13969	Insert SVG data into widget, insert plain text if invalid, otherwise insert image and update map.
13970	Shows a save dialog to save an image with a given name and format,(defaults to PNG).
13971	Stops the event loop when `exit_now` is triggered.
13972	Configure the user's environment by setting environment variables to improve terminal output and disable pagination.
13973	This method constructs a dictionary containing the auto-rewritten input and sends it to a payload manager for processing.
13974	Set exit flag and send payload.
13975	Sends the specified text to the frontend to be presented at the next input cell.
13976	Reads a file as UTF-8 configuration data using configparser, handling Python 3.2+ encoding requirement.
13977	Read a list of strings from a configuration file, split by commas and newlines, strip whitespace, and return the list.
13978	Reads a list of full-line strings from a configuration section and option, splits the value by newlines, trims whitespace, and returns the list of non-empty strings.
13979	Reads configuration from an environment variable and sets the `timid` attribute based on its value.
13980	reads config values from keyword arguments, converts string values to lists if specified in MUST_BE_LIST, and assigns them as attributes
13981	Reads configuration from a .rc file, sets attributes from the file, and handles special [paths] section.
13982	Set an attribute if it exists in the ConfigParser, using the option from the specified section.
13983	Expand '~'-style usernames in strings and return expanded path, flag for expansion, and original tilde value.
13984	Sets line splitting delimiters and compiles a regex expression for them.
13985	Split a line of text using a regular expression, optionally at a given cursor position. Return the substring after the last delimiter.
13986	Compute keyword, built-in function, and name matches in namespace or global namespace that start with the given text.
13987	The method `attr_matches` computes matches when the text contains a dot. It assumes the text is of the form `NAME.NAME....[NAME]`, and is evaluatable in `self.namespace` or `self.global_namespace`. It evaluates the expression and uses its attributes as possible completions, considering class members for class instances. The method handles cases where the expression may invoke arbitrary C code if an object with a `__getattr__` hook is evaluated. It also includes a fallback mechanism to handle incomplete expressions and limits the results based on the `__all__` attribute if applicable.
13988	Updates splitter and readline delimiters based on greediness.
13989	Expand filenames, handle special chars, escape backslashes, and match filesystem paths.
13990	def alias_matches(self, text):
    """Match internal system aliases based on cursor position and text input"""
    if not self.text_until_cursor.lstrip().startswith('sudo'):
        return []
    text = os.path.expanduser(text)
    aliases = self.alias_table.keys()
    return [a for a in aliases if a.startswith(text)]
13991	The `python_matches` method checks if the input text contains a dot. If it does, it attempts to match attributes using `self.attr_matches`. If the text ends with a dot and `omit__names` is set, it filters out matches that are double underscore names (e.g., `__name__`). If the text does not contain a dot, it matches global Python names using `self.global_matches`. If an attribute match raises a `NameError` (e.g., an undefined attribute), it returns an empty list. The method returns the filtered or unfiltered list of matches.
13992	Return the list of default arguments of an object if it is callable, or an empty list otherwise.
13993	Find and return completion matches for given text and line context.
13994	```python
def rlcomplete(self, text, state):
    """Return the state-th possible completion for 'text'. Called successively with state == 0, 1, 2, ... until it returns None. The completion should begin with 'text'. If state is 0, handle tab completion logic. If DEBUG is True, catch and print exceptions during completion. Return the completion at the given state or None if out of bounds."""
```
13995	Check if a record matches all specified tests.
13996	This method identifies records in a dataset that match a given check dictionary by comparing record values to check values.
13997	* Extracts a subdictionary from a record `rec` based on a list of keys
* Adds `msg_id` to the subdictionary
* Returns a copy of the subdictionary
13998	Determines if the output should be silenced by checking if the last character of the current input cell is a semicolon.
13999	Writes the output prompt using `io.stdout.write`, separating it with `shell.separate_out` and rendering the prompt with `shell.prompt_manager.render('out')`. If `do_full_cache` is enabled, it writes the prompt again.
14000	Write the format data dictionary to the frontend by printing the 'text/plain' value, adjusting for multi-line strings and ensuring a newline.
14001	Log the output if shell logger allows, write to log, and update history.
14002	raise `InvalidOperationException` if `is_freezed` is True.
14003	Converts a MySQL TIMESTAMP to a Timestamp object by parsing the string.
14004	Schedules a call to the `enter_eventloop` method from the IO loop 0.1 seconds after the `eventloop_changed` method is called.
14005	def dispatch_control(self, msg):
    """dispatch control requests"""
    identifiers, msg = self.session.feed_identities(msg, copy=False)
    try:
        msg = self.session.unserialize(msg, content=True, copy=False)
    except:
        self.log.error("Invalid Control Message", exc_info=True)
        return

    self.log.debug("Control received: %s", msg)

    header = msg['header']
    msg_id = header['msg_id']
    msg_type = header['msg_type']

    handler = self.control_handlers.get(msg_type, None)
    if handler is None:
        self.log.error("UNKNOWN CONTROL MESSAGE TYPE: %r", msg_type)
    else:
        try:
            handler(self.control_stream, identifiers, msg)
        except Exception:
            self.log.error("Exception in control handler:", exc_info=True)
14006	```python
def dispatch_shell(self, stream, msg):
    """Dispatch shell requests"""
    if self.control_stream:
        self.control_stream.flush()
    
    idents, msg = self.session.feed_identities(msg, copy=False)
    try:
        msg = self.session.unserialize(msg, content=True, copy=False)
    except:
        self.log.error("Invalid Message", exc_info=True)
        return
    
    header = msg['header']
    msg_id = header['msg_id']
    msg_type = header['msg_type']
    
    self.log.debug('\n*** MESSAGE TYPE:%s***', msg_type)
    self.log.debug('   Content: %s\n   --->\n   ', msg['content'])

    if msg_id in self.aborted:
        self.aborted.remove(msg_id)
        reply_type = msg_type.split('_')[0] + '_reply'
        status = {'status': 'aborted'}
        sub = {'engine': self.ident}
        sub.update(status)
        reply_msg = self.session.send(stream, reply_type, subheader=sub, content=status, parent=msg, ident=idents)
        return
    
    handler = self.shell_handlers.get(msg_type, None)
    if handler is None:
        self.log.error("UNKNOWN MESSAGE
14007	register dispatchers for streams
14008	The `do_one_iteration` method steps the event loop once, flushing the control stream if it exists and handling at most one request per iteration for each stream in `shell_streams`.
14009	Send code execution data to the pyin stream.
14010	Aborts a specific message by ID, updates the abort set, sends an abort reply, and logs the reply message.
14011	Resets the namespace and sends a 'clear_reply' message.
14012	Generates a prefixed topic for IOPub messages based on internal ID or identity.
14013	Shutdown handler sends message and flushes streams.
14014	Copy sys.modules onto my mod stack
14015	Remove imported module entries that were added since the last push to the mod stack and restore sys.modules to its previous state.
14016	Return absolute, normalized path to directory if it exists, otherwise None.
14017	A name is file-like if it exists, has a directory part, ends in .py, or isn't a legal Python identifier.
14018	Checks if an object is a class by verifying its type or if it is a subclass of type.
14019	Check if a path is a package directory by verifying if it is a directory, its basename is a valid Python identifier, and it contains an __init__.py, __init__.pyc, __init__.pyo file, or an __init__$py.class file on Java platforms.
14020	Find the full dotted package name for a Python source file, returning None if not a Python source file.
14021	Draws a 70-char-wide divider with the label centered.
14022	Sort key function factory that places items matching a regular expression last.
14023	`def transplant_func(func, module): Transplants a function from one module to appear as though it were defined in another module without modifying the original function.`
14024	Move a class to appear to reside in a different module.
14025	```python
Get and return system CPU times as a namedtuple.
```
14026	Return process cmdline as a list of arguments if the process exists, otherwise raise NoSuchProcess error.
14027	Return files opened by process, excluding stdout/stderr.
14028	Return a list of network connections opened by a process, фильтруя по типу (default 'inet').
14029	### Check if a user is in a specific group, skipping the check for superusers by default.
14030	Load a class by fully qualified class path like myapp.models.ModelName.
14031	Calculate percentage usage of 'used' against 'total', handling division by zero and optional rounding.
14032	A decorator that caches the results of function calls to avoid recomputation for the same inputs.
14033	A decorator to mark functions as deprecated, optionally specifying a replacement function and updating the docstring.
14034	Try to log in to Google Docs using provided authentication info, raising an error on failure.
14035	Parse GDocs key from Spreadsheet URL, extract key from query参数. If key not found, raise PODocsError.
14036	Ensure temporary directory exists, create if not, raise error on failure.
14037	Clears temporary CSV and ODS files from the designated temp directory used during communicator operations.
14038	Uploads a file to a GDocs spreadsheet, optionally specifying the content type.
14039	Synchronizes local translation files with GDocs Spreadsheet, downloads and merges CSV files, converts them to PO files, and uploads new translations if needed.
14040	Download CSV files from Google Docs, convert them to PO files structure, and handle errors gracefully.
14041	Upload .po files to GDocs. Convert .po to .ods and upload. Ignore conflicts. Store temp files. Clear after upload.
14042	Clear GDoc spreadsheet by uploading an empty CSV file.
14043	start a new qtconsole connected to our kernel
14044	```python
def check_url_accessibility(url, timeout=10):
    '''
    Check if URL is accessible and returns True if HTTP 200 OK, else raises ValidationError.
    '''
14045	Checks if a URL's HTML contains specified content, optionally case-insensitively.
14046	Make a URL request and return the HTTP response code. If the request times out or fails, handle exceptions and return the error code or fail the operation.
14047	Send a GET request to the specified URL and compare the 'Content-Type' header of the response with the provided content_type parameter. Return True if they match, False otherwise.
14048	Compare the HTTP response code of a given URL with a specified code and return True if they match, otherwise False.
14049	Checks if the source is a string, data is a dictionary, and metadata is either None or a dictionary. Raises TypeError if any of these conditions are not met.
14050	Clears stdout, stderr, and other output of the cell receiving output.
14051	Find the absolute path to a command line program in a cross-platform manner, using `which` on Unix/Linux/OS X and `win32api` on Windows. If the command is `python`, return the absolute path to the current Python executable. If the command is not found, raise a FindCmdError.
14052	def code_unit_factory(morfs, file_locator):
    """Construct a list of CodeUnits from polymorphic inputs.

    Converts `morfs` to a list, expands wildcards on Windows, and creates CodeUnit instances.

    Returns a list of CodeUnit objects.
    """
14053	def flat_rootname(self):
Generates a flat filename from the code unit, replacing dots with underscores for modules or splitting the path to remove drive letters and slashes.
14054	Return an open file for reading the source of the code unit. Check if the file exists and open it if so. If not, try to find it in a zip file. If still not found, raise an exception.
14055	Determines if a file is likely to contain Python based on its extension, returning True if it ends with '.py' or has no extension.
14056	Converts timedelta to total seconds, handling Python 2.6 and later versions.
14057	Waits for the result until it arrives or a timeout occurs, then returns the result or raises an exception.
14058	Wait for result available or until timeout. Set _ready and _result accordingly. Handle exceptions, reconstruct result.
14059	Converts results into a dictionary, indexed by engine_id, ensuring no engine ran more than once.
14060	assert not self.ready(), "Already done!" return self._client.abort(self.msg_ids, block=True)
14061	Calculates elapsed time since initial submission by comparing the current time with the earliest submission time recorded in metadata.
14062	def wait_interactive(self, interval=1., timeout=None):
    """Interactively waits until tasks are ready, printing progress.""".
14063	Try to get the IPython instance, update the metadata with the engine ID, and then republish the content using the display_pub mechanism.
14064	waits for 'status=idle' message indicating all outputs ready, with timeout option
14065	waits for a result to complete, updates local and remote status, and processes the result or exception accordingly
14066	Return the absolute, normalized path of the input filename.
14067	Prepare file patterns for `FnmatchMatcher`. If pattern starts with wildcard, use as-is; otherwise, make absolute with current directory. Return prepended patterns or empty list if `None`.
14068	### summaries
 Finds the path separator in a string, or uses the default separator from the os module if none is found.
14069	Walks a directory tree, yielding Python (.py or .pyw) files that are in directories containing an __init__.py file.
14070	Return the relative form of a filename based on the current directory set when the FileLocator was constructed.
14071	Cache canonical filenames for absolute paths with no redundant components and normalized case
14072	Import zipimport, check for .zip or .egg file extensions, attempt to open and read the file, return data or None
14073	Checks if `fpath` is a file within any of the directories in `self.dirs`.
14074	Returns `True` if `fpath` matches any pattern in `self.pats`, otherwise `False`.
14075	def map(self, path):
    """Alias a path using patterns. Returns a new path or the original if no match found."""
14076	Start a PyQt4 event loop for an IPython kernel, integrating it with the kernel's event handling.
14077	Start a kernel with wx event loop support by creating a custom wx.Frame with a wx.Timer that triggers the kernel's iteration function at a specified interval. Use a custom wx.App to manage the TimerFrame and ensure that sys.stdout/stderr are not redirected by wx. Reset signal.SIGINT handler if it's not callable.
14078	Starts a kernel with the Tk event loop by creating a Timer class that initializes a Tk object, sets a poll interval in milliseconds, and calls a function repeatedly using Tkinter's after method.
14079	Start the kernel and coordinate with the GTK event loop by instantiating and starting a GTKEmbed.
14080	def loop_cocoa(kernel):
    if matplotlib version < 1.1.0:
        use loop_tk instead
    else:
        configure TimerMac and integrate with CFRunLoop
        use a Poller for event handling
        loop until interrupted, executing iterations and handling events
14081	def enable_gui(gui, kernel=None):
    """Enable integration with a given GUI"""
    if gui not in loop_map:
        raise ValueError("GUI %r not supported" % gui)
    if kernel is None:
        if Application.initialized():
            kernel = getattr(Application.instance(), 'kernel', None)
        if kernel is None:
            raise RuntimeError("Kernel not specified, and no running IPython Application with a kernel.")
    loop = loop_map[gui]
    if kernel.eventloop is not None and kernel.eventloop is not loop:
        raise RuntimeError("Cannot activate multiple GUI event loops")
    kernel.eventloop = loop
14082	Generates an NxN matrix from the Gaussian Orthogonal Ensemble by creating a random matrix, making it symmetric, and normalizing it.
14083	Compute sorted eigenvalues and return the absolute difference between the two central values.
14084	Generate an array of eigenvalue differences for a given number of iterations and matrix size.
14085	Initialize the item by calling the class constructor with the context object, step name, configuration, and step address, then return the initialized object.
14086	Parses a YAML file containing test steps, validates the file format, and returns a list of Step objects. Handles optional dictionary keys and validates the sequence of steps.
14087	Parse a step dictionary, validate and process it into a list of steps with action and modifiers.
14088	Initialize a crash handler and register a function to unset it on program exit.
14089	Load the configuration file, handling errors based on the suppress_errors flag.
14090	initializes the profile directory for an IPython profile, setting its location based on configuration or user input, creating it if necessary, and logging the result.
14091	Generates a default configuration file and stages it into the profile directory if it does not already exist or if the overwrite flag is set. Logs a warning before writing the file.
14092	Write coverage data to a file with an optional suffix.
14093	Erase the data in the object and remove it from file storage if enabled.
14094	Return a dictionary mapping filenames to sorted lists of line numbers executed.
14095	Build a dictionary mapping filenames to sorted line number lists from arc data.
14096	Write coverage data to a file.
14097	Read coverage data from a file.
14098	Reads raw pickled data from a file and returns it.
14099	Reads file data, extracts lines and arcs, returns them as dictionaries.
14100	Combine data files with the same prefix and update internal dictionaries with the new data. Use PathAliases to re-map paths if provided. Remove original files after processing.
14101	Updates executed line data for each file by adding line numbers.
14102	Update stored arc data with new measurements from the input dictionary, merging by filename and arc coordinates.
14103	Contributes a filename's data, including executed lines and arcs, to an Md5Hash object.
14104	Returns a dict summarizing coverage data; keys are filenames (either full path or basename based on `fullpath` parameter), and values are the number of executed lines.
14105	This method yields lines of input from the user until a specified sentinel value is entered or an EOFError occurs.
14106	Starts a main loop, optionally overriding a default banner. Handles interrupts gracefully, logging if a keyboard interrupt occurs.
14107	def _replace_rlhist_multiline(self, source_raw, hlen_before_cell):
    """Merge multiline input into single history entry"""
    if not self.has_readline or not self.multiline_history or not hasattr(self.readline, "remove_history_item"):
        return hlen_before_cell
    if not source_raw.rstrip():
        return hlen_before_cell
    hlen = self.readline.get_current_history_length()
    if hlen == hlen_before_cell:
        return hlen_before_cell
    for i in range(hlen - hlen_before_cell):
        self.readline.remove_history_item(hlen - i - 1)
    stdin_encoding = get_stream_enc(sys.stdin, 'utf-8')
    self.readline.add_history(py3compat.unicode_to_str(source_raw.rstrip(), stdin_encoding))
    return self.readline.get_current_history_length()
14108	Request a user input with an optional prompt. Handle EOF and decode input from bytes to unicode. Adjust indentation if autoindent is enabled and the input exceeds current indentation level.
14109	Handling syntax errors in the main loop, looping until the error is fixed or user cancels.
14110	Determines whether to recompile based on the error filename and user input.
14111	Handle interactive exit by calling the ask_exit callback after optionally confirming with the user through a yes/no prompt.
14112	Splits the repository URL to extract the correct URL and revision, handling the revision part if present.
14113	Create a new frontend attached to a kernel running on localhost, set up kernel channels, initialize a widget, and configure it with kernel manager and other settings.
14114	Configure widget coloring and style based on configuration settings.
14115	Returns connection info for this object's sockets.
14116	Convert R object to a numpy array or structured array for use in ipython notebooks. For dataframes, attempts to use column names or generic names.
14117	Returns source file and starting line number for an object. Handles different types of objects like modules, classes, methods, functions, etc. Raises IOError if source cannot be retrieved.
14118	Set the active color scheme using the `color_scheme_table` method, update the `Colors` attribute with the active colors, and if a debugger (`pdb`) is present, update its colors as well.
14119	Toggle between the currently active color scheme and NoColor, switching schemes accordingly and updating the active colors.
14120	Return formatted traceback. Subclasses may override for custom handling.
14121	```plaintext
Method to generate color formatted string with traceback info.
```
14122	Formats a list of traceback entry tuples for printing, emphasizing the last entry with specified colors.
14123	Formats the exception part of a traceback, handling SyntaxError exceptions with detailed file and line information, and calls hooks for editor synchronization.
14124	Prints only the exception type and message without a traceback.
14125	Invokes the pdb debugger if either 'force' is True or the instance flag 'call_pdb' is True. Resets the debugger, restores the system displayhook, and sets the botframe to the appropriate traceback before entering the interactive debugging session. Deletes the self.tb reference to clean up.
14126	def set_mode(self, mode=None):
    """Switches to the desired mode or cycles through available modes if none specified. Ensures the mode is valid. Updates include_vars and tb_join_char based on the mode."""
14127	Decorator for requiring a user to be in a specific group, with options to skip superusers and customize login/redirect behavior.
14128	Handle 'from module import a, b, c' imports by checking if the module has a '__path__', iterating through the 'fromlist', and importing each item recursively or directly.
14129	Add a line to the code with proper indentation and newline.
14130	Adds a sub-CodeBuilder section to the current CodeBuilder object's code list and returns the new section.
14131	Compile code and return function by name.
14132	If `expr` contains "|", split it, recursively generate code for each part, add functions to `all_vars`, and join them with `c_function_name(previous_code)`. If `expr` contains ".", split it, recursively generate code for the object, and join with `dot(object_code, args)`. Otherwise, add `expr` to `all_vars` and return `c_expr`.
14133	Render template with context. Merge provided context into template's context. Use merged context for rendering.
14134	Evaluate attribute or index expressions on a value at runtime.
14135	Renders a template with a given context, handling multiple templates if provided, and raises an exception if the template does not exist.
14136	Activates default formatters by creating instances of each formatter class, storing them in a dictionary keyed by their format type.
14137	Add a format function for a given type, storing and potentially returning the old function.
14138	Add format function for a type specified by module and name, replace existing if function provided, return old function if any.
14139	Sets the float_format based on the new value of float_precision. Handles both int and format string inputs, as well as empty strings for default values. Updates numpy print precision if numpy is imported.
14140	Return paths to existing user config files after expanding user symbols.
14141	Initialize configuration for nose test runner. Parse command line arguments and settings, apply defaults, set options like include/exclude filters, configure logging, and prepare for test collection.
14142	Configure logging for nose or other packages based on configuration attributes. Set debug level and handlers accordingly.
14143	Configure the working directory or directories for the test run, handling multiple paths and logging deprecation warnings.
14144	Create a simple 'pager' function for printing strings line by line.
14145	Prints a string using a pager if it exceeds a specified length, auto-detecting screen size if needed, and falling back to a simple pager if system pagers fail.
14146	Pages a file using an optional pager command and starting line.
14147	def get_pager_cmd(pager_cmd=None): Determine the pager command based on the operating system and environment variables. Use 'less -r' for POSIX and 'type' for Windows. If pager_cmd is not provided, use the system's PAGER environment variable, or the default pager command if not set.
14148	Return the '+N' argument for paging with 'less' or 'more' commands, where N is the offset 'start'. If 'pager' is not 'less' or 'more', return an empty string.
14149	Defines a function to print a string, optionally snipping it if it exceeds a specified width. Handles different modes for printing and user input if the string is snipped.
14150	A function to pretty print sympy Basic objects, conditionally replacing with a placeholder if cycling.
14151	Converts a sympy expression to a PNG image using LaTeX with inline style, making necessary replacements for compatibility.
14152	Converts a sympy expression to display-style LaTeX and then generates a PNG image using dvipng backend.
14153	def can_print_latex(o):
    """
    Check if o can be printed with LaTeX. For containers, ensure all elements can.
    """
14154	def print_latex(o):
    """Converts a sympy expression to LaTeX format, replacing dag with dagger and removing dollar signs."""
    if can_print_latex(o):
        s = latex(o, mode='plain').replace('\\dag','\\dagger').strip('$')
        return '$$%s$$' % s
    return None
14155	def add_options(self, parser, env=None):
    Check if 'env' is None, then set it to os.environ. Call 'options' method, set can_configure to True. If OptionConflictError, raise DeprecationWarning and disable the plugin.
14156	Validate that the input is a list of strings, raising a ValueError if not.
14157	Validate dict with string keys and values, raise ValueError if not.
14158	Continuously run the io loop, ignoring EINTR errors from the poller.
14159	**Summary:** This method processes incoming messages by unpacking them, feeding identities, and then calling handlers with the unserialized message.
14160	This method `execute` is used to execute Python code in a kernel. It takes in the code as a string and optional parameters for silent execution, user variables, user expressions, and allowing stdin. The method validates the input and creates a message to be sent. It returns the message ID of the sent message.
14161	Complete text in kernel's namespace with tabcompletion. Returnmsg_id of sent message.
14162	Sends a request to get metadata information about an object, returns the message ID of the sent message.
14163	Get entries from history list with options for raw input, output, and access type (range, tail, search). Returns msg_id of the sent message.
14164	Sends a shutdown request to the kernel. Returns the message ID once sent.
14165	This method ensures all pending messages on a SUB channel are processed promptly before continuing. It invokes an IOLoop callback twice to guarantee at least one complete poll. The process is thread-safe and allows specifying a timeout to prevent indefinite blocking.
14166	Sends a string of raw input to the kernel by creating an 'input_reply' message with the provided content and then sending the message through the session's message queue.
14167	### Summary:
Starts the kernel channels if they don't exist and starts them. Handles options for standard shell, subsystem, stdin, and heartbeat channels.
14168	Stops all running channels for a kernel by checking if each channel is alive and stopping it if it is.
14169	Checks if any of the specified channels are running.
14170	Read connection info from a JSON file and store the values in instance variables.
14171	Write connection info to JSON in self.connection_file, update ports based on config.
14172	Launches a kernel process and configures it for use. Starts by checking if the IP address is local, writes a connection file, sets up launch arguments, and invokes a kernel launcher.
14173	Attempts to stop the kernel process cleanly. If unsuccessful, kills the kernel if possible. Waits for up to 1 second to allow the kernel to properly execute shutdown actions. Cleans up connection files if shutting down fully and not restarting.
14174	Restarts a kernel, either immediately (`now=True`) or after cleanup (`now=False`), using the initial launch arguments or updates provided (`**kw`). Handles Windows-specific issues with messages by introducing a delay.
14175	Kills the running kernel, pausing the heartbeat channel if it exists, and handling specific error cases for Windows and Unix platforms. Raises an error if no kernel is running.
14176	Checks if a kernel is running and interrupts it using a platform-specific method, raising an error if no kernel is found.
14177	Sends a signal to the kernel if it's running, otherwise raises an error.
14178	```python
def is_alive(self):
    """Check if the kernel process is running."""
    if self.has_kernel:
        return self.kernel.poll() is None
    elif self._hb_channel is not None:
        return self._hb_channel.is_beating()
    else:
        return True
```
14179	Get the REQ socket channel object for kernel requests.
14180	Returns a SUB socket channel object, creating it if not already initialized.
14181	Retrieves and returns the heartbeat socket channel object. If not already created, initializes it using the provided context, session, and IP/port.
14182	Check for existing kernel bindings, and bind to a new kernel if none exist. Raises an error if called outside an IPEngineApp instance.
14183	Emits a debugging message if the specified level is less than or equal to the internal debug level.
14184	Retrieve the extension classes in priority order and return them as a list.
14185	Called before a step is executed, checks each extension's pre_step method. If any extension skips the step, return True; otherwise, return False.
14186	Forces extensions to perform their `post_step` action and returns the result.
14187	Invoke all extensions' `finalize` method with given context and result, collect results, and return final result.
14188	Walks an unpacked egg's contents, skipping the metadata directory.
14189	```python
def scan_module(egg_dir, base, name, stubs):
    """Check if module uses unsafe-for-zipfile stuff"""
    filename = os.path.join(base, name)
    if filename[:-1] in stubs:
        return True
    pkg = base[len(egg_dir)+1:].replace(os.sep, '.')
    module = pkg + os.path.splitext(name)[0]
    skip = 12 if sys.version_info >= (3, 3) else 8
    with open(filename, 'rb') as f:
        f.read(skip)
        code = marshal.load(f)
    symbols = dict.fromkeys(iter_symbols(code))
    unsafe_symbols = ['__file__', '__path__', 'inspect.*', '__name__==__main__ and no dots']
    for symbol in unsafe_symbols:
        if any(s in symbols for s in symbol.split('*')):
            log.warn("%s: module uses %s", module, symbol)
            return False
    return True
```
14190	def launch_new_instance():
    """Create and run the IPython controller, ensuring it's not spawned as a subprocess on Windows."""
14191	This method saves a connection dictionary to a JSON file. It retrieves or infers the local machine's IP address if not provided, and then writes the dictionary to a specified file with appropriate permissions.
14192	Load configuration from JSON files for both the engine and client, setting up transport, IP address, port, and SSH details.
14193	def load_secondary_config(self):
    """ secondary config, loading from JSON if reuse_files; updates Session.key default to secure """
    if self.reuse_files:
        try:
            self.load_config_from_json()
        except (AssertionError, IOError) as e:
            self.log.error("Could not load config from JSON: %s" % e)
        else:
            self.write_connection_files = False  # no need to write back the same file

    default_secure(self.config)  # switch Session.key default to secure
    self.log.debug("Config changed")
    self.log.debug(repr(self.config))
14194	Executes code in parallel across engine blocks, handling multiple targets and displaying results based on blocking mode.
14195	Override the `run_cell` method to enable `%autopx` mode by saving the original method and installing `pxrun_cell`.
14196	Disable %autopx by restoring the original InteractiveShell.run_cell.
14197	Execute a code cell remotely, skipping empty or whitespace-only cells. Optionally store history, handle syntax errors, and manage execution counts.
14198	Definición de la función `run_heartbeat` como un consumidor interno de CANAL `CLOCK_CHANNEL` para procesar las ejecuciones de tareas. La función compara el tiempo recibido (`message['time']`) con el tiempo actual (`now`). Si la diferencia es mayor que la frecuencia de tick (`TICK_FREQ+1`), la ejecución se descarta. De lo contrario, se ejecutan las tareas mediante `Task.run_tasks()`.
14199	- Receives a message with a task ID
- Retrieves the corresponding Task object
- Checks if task allows overlap
- If overlap allowed, runs the task
- If not allowed and task not running, marks task as running, runs it, and then marks it as not running
14200	Deletes a task based on its ID provided in the message
14201	Patch the protocol's `makeConnection` and `connectionLost` methods to mimic recommendations for how `Agent` features are expected to behave, adding support for other clients and servers with similar needs.
14202	Add a method to an object if it doesn't already have that method.
14203	Accepts a pending connection, sets up a protocol, and returns a connected state.
14204	Rejects a pending connection, using the provided reason or a default ConnectionRefusedError if no reason is given.
14205	Returns a ProxyAgentWithContext object configured with the server's endpoint and optional reactor and contextFactory.
14206	Saves form data after invoking pre_save hook; aborts if hook returns response; saves object, form many-to-many relationships, and then post_save hook; redirects to success URL.
14207	def delete(self, request, *args, **kwargs):
    Calls pre and post delete hooks for DeleteViews.
    - Retrieves object
    - Sets success_url
    - Executes pre_delete hook
    - Deletes object
    - Executes post_delete hook
    - Redirects to success_url
14208	Invoke parent class pre_save method. Set user fields in instance if user is authenticated.
14209	Writes a coverage report for modules, summarizing statistics like statements, misses, branches, and coverage percentage. Optionally writes to a file or stdout.
14210	Check which modules need to be reloaded. If check_all is True or self.check_all is set, all modules are considered. Otherwise, only specified modules are checked. Skips modules in self.skip_modules. Reloads modules if their source file is newer than the compiled file. Handles .py and .pyc files. Catches and prints errors during reload.
14211	It uses the default editor to open a file at a specified line, waits for the editor to close, and raises an exception if the editor fails.
14212	Open editor at specified location and show error, with special support for VIM.
14213	Get text from the clipboard using appropriate platform-specific function in a chain.
14214	Adds a function to a command chain with a specified priority, automatically sorting the chain based on priority.
14215	Attempt to create a `Distribution` object from a `path_or_module`. Check if it's a module object, then import it to create a distribution. If that fails, check if it's a file and try creating a distribution from SVG, BDist, or Wheel. If that also fails, check if it's a directory and create a `Develop` distribution if successful. Return `None` if all attempts fail.
14216	Sets configuration for triggering plugin based on debug options, enabling for errors and/or failures.
14217	Import a module and return an object given a string in the format 'package.object'. If the package is present, use `__import__` with a list to import the specified object. If the object is not found, raise an ImportError. If no package is present, directly import the object.
14218	Attempt to establish an SSH connection without a password using Paramiko or OpenSSH, based on the platform.
14219	Try ssh login with passwordless authentication using pexpect, return True if successful, False otherwise.
14220	Try passwordless login with Paramiko, returning True if successful and False if authentication fails.
14221	def tunnel_connection(socket, addr, server, keyfile=None, password=None, paramiko=None, timeout=60):
    """Establishes an SSH tunnel to connect a socket to an inaccessible address."""
    new_url, tunnel = open_tunnel(addr, server, keyfile, password, paramiko, timeout)
    socket.connect(new_url)
    return tunnel
14222	Opens a tunneled connection from a 0MQ URL using either Paramiko or OpenSSH, returning the forwarded URL and tunnel object.
14223	The method `_stop_scheduling_tasks` closes the task socket and sets it to `None`, indicating that scheduling tasks is no longer possible. It also issues a runtime warning about task farming being disabled and informs the user that some `outstanding` msg_ids may not resolve if tasks were running when the engine was unregistered.
14224	Unwrap exception, remap engine_id to int.
14225	Register a new engine by ID and update connection info.
14226	Unregisters a dead engine by removing its ID from `_ids` and associated UUID from `_engines`, then handles any stranded messages. If running in pure task scheduling, stops task scheduling.
14227	Saves the reply to an execute_request into results; handles stale, unknown, and valid replies; updates metadata and removes from outstanding lists.
14228	Flushing notifications from a ZMQ queue, processing each message using the appropriate handler.
14229	Receives and processes messages from ZMQ queue, handling them based on their type.
14230	Receives and flushes ignored control channel replies from a ZeroMQ socket until none are left or their count reaches zero.
14231	while there are ignored control replies: receive reply from socket and decrement count
14232	Flush iopub messages, updating metadata based on message type.
14233	While loop continues until stop signal is received. Sleeps for specified interval and then calls spin() method.
14234	This method stops a background spin thread. If a thread is running, it sets a stop flag, waits for the thread to finish, and then sets the thread reference to None.
14235	Flush registration notifications and execution results from various ZMQ sockets.
14236	waits for one or more jobs to complete within a specified timeout
14237	Constructs and sends an apply message via a socket, validating parameters and updating internal state.
14238	Sends an execute request via a socket, validates arguments, constructs content, sends the message, and updates internal state.
14239	Retrieve a result by msg_id or history index, wrapped in an AsyncResult object. Automatically waits for the result if block is True.
14240	Fetches the status of engine queues based on specified targets and verbosity.
14241	The `purge_results` method is used to remove results from the Hub's database. It can either purge specific results by `msg_id` or all results from specific targets. The method checks for valid inputs and constructs a message to send to the Hub for purging. If the operation is successful, it returns; otherwise, it raises an exception.
14242	Sends a history request to the Hub, receives a response, and returns a list of msg_ids in submission order.
14243	Executes a database query against a TaskRecord database using MongoDB syntax. Filters results based on provided query dict and optional keys. Handles buffering of data and restructures responses to include appropriate buffers.
14244	Return a set of opcodes for given names, ignoring any that don't exist.
14245	Creates a ByteParser instance if it doesn't exist, then returns it.
14246	Find line numbers matching any of the given regexes.
14247	Parses the source code to identify interesting facts about its lines, updating member fields such as excluded lines, classes, docstrings, and multi-line statements.
14248	Return the first line number of the statement including the given line.
14249	Skips lines in 'ignores' and finds the first line of each remaining line in 'lines', returning a set of unique first lines.
14250	def parse_source(self):
   """Parse source text to identify executable and excluded lines, handling syntax errors and normalizing line numbers."""
   try:
       self._raw_parse()
   except (tokenize.TokenError, IndentationError):
       _, tokerr, _ = sys.exc_info()
       msg, lineno = tokerr.args
       raise NotPython(f"Couldn't parse '{self.filename}' as Python source: '{msg}' at {lineno}")

   excluded_lines = self.first_lines(self.excluded)
   lines = self.first_lines(self.statement_starts, excluded_lines, self.docstrings)

   return lines, excluded_lines
14251	Get sorted list of line number pairs for arcs, normalized to first line of multiline statements.
14252	Returns a mapping of line numbers to the count of exits from that line, excluding certain lines.
14253	Yields a list of `ByteParser` objects for all nested code objects, including `self`.
14254	Maps byte offsets to line numbers in code using co_lnotab. Iterates through byte increments and line increments, yielding (byte, line) pairs for each byte offset corresponding to a line number.
14255	def _find_statements(self):
    """Yield line numbers of code statements reachable from `self.code` by recursively traversing all child parsers."""
14256	function to get a string representation of a block stack for debugging purposes
14257	Divide code object into `Chunk` objects based on line numbers and control flow.
14258	Check that each chunk has a single entrance by ensuring all its exit points are either in the set of chunk entrances or negative.
14259	### Summary:
Find executable arcs in code, yielding pairs of integers representing line numbers (from, to). Entrance arcs for the code object have negative 'from' values, and exit arcs have negative 'to' values. The function traverses lines, invoking the trace function at specific bytecode positions, based on whether the next bytecode is the first in a line or a backward jump.
14260	Returns a list of `Chunk` objects for this code and its children.
14261	Collect all arcs from the current object and its children.
14262	Adds coverage options to the command line parser, including options to specify packages to cover, erase existing coverage data, include tests in coverage reporting, set a minimum coverage percentage, include all Python files in the working directory for coverage, generate HTML and XML coverage reports, and include branch coverage.
14263	Begin recording coverage information.
14264	The report method generates a code coverage report for the specified modules, combining and saving the coverage data. It also checks if the generated coverage meets a minimum required percentage, exiting with an error if it does not. HTML and XML reports can also be generated if specified.
14265	if inclusive coverage enabled and file is .py, return true if package match or if no packages specified
14266	Interprets a source distribution name by generating alternative name and version combinations. If `py_version` is not provided, it checks for the presence of "py2." in the name and returns if found. Yields different interpretations of the distribution name, excluding invalid versions.
14267	Open a URL using urllib2, handle HTTP authentication, and modify the request headers.
14268	Obtains a distribution to fulfill a given requirement, searching online and local sources, and returning a suitable one or None.
14269	def get_parent(obj):
    Retrieves the parent object of the given object, handling nested objects and avoiding errors with local objects.
14270	Checks if the engine has an id; returns "engine.id" if int, else "engine".
14271	Renders a template with given content and context.
14272	Configure plugin with given options and configuration. Enable plugin by default unless capture option is False.
14273	Adds captured output to error report, updates error tuple, and returns it.
14274	Divide a list into sublists of a specified size.
14275	Convert notebook to v3 format. Adjust version and minor version accordingly. Handle different original versions (1, 2, 3) separately.
14276	Converts a hex color code to an RGB integer tuple.
14277	Construct a dictionary of color values (bgcolor, select, fgcolor) from a given stylename by retrieving and formatting the foreground color.
14278	Return a QFont object for the requested font family, using a fallback if the primary family is not found.
14279	Reimplements the handle_execute_reply method to support prompt requests. Checks if the message corresponds to a prompt request and shows the interpreter prompt if it does. Otherwise, calls the superclass's handle_execute_reply method.
14280	Handles history tail replies from the IPython kernel, logging errors and retrying aborted requests. Filters out duplicate cells and updates the history accordingly.
14281	Processes IPython-style "display hook" messages, logging debug info and handling different types of output data (HTML and plain text) by appending them to the output with prompts and separators.
14282	Handles display data messages, logging the content, and appending HTML or plain text data based on the message type.
14283	- Calls the superclass method.
- Loads the `%guiref` magic.
- Requests the last 1000 history entries from the kernel.
14284	Reimplemented `execute_file` to use the 'run' magic with path normalization and quoting for filenames containing spaces or quotes, ensuring platform independence.
14285	Reimplements traceback formatting for IPython. Handles both plain text and styled HTML output, currently defaulting to plain text with ANSI escapes.
14286	Returns False if no handler is found for the payload, otherwise calls the appropriate handler method and returns True.
14287	Sets the widget style to default, with options for light background, dark background, or B&W.
14288	Opens a Python script for editing, using a specified editor or defaulting to a plain text message if no editor is available. Handles optional line specification and constructs appropriate command for editor invocation.
14289	Generates HTML for an in-prompt by inserting a number into a template string or using a default if the number is missing.
14290	Converts a plain text In prompt to an HTML continuation prompt.
14291	Apply style sheet to underlying widgets and controls, update background color if a control is present
14292	Set the syntax highlighter style based on available options.
14293	Asynchronously handles a CloudStack API response, optionally polling for the final result using job id if required. Returns the JSON response or raises CloudStackClientException on failure.
14294	Signs API requests by generating a SHA-1 hash of the URL parameters, sorted alphabetically and transformed to lowercase, using the API secret as a key. The resulting hash is Base64-encoded and added as a 'signature' parameter to the URL parameters dictionary. If an existing 'signature' parameter is present, it is removed before generating the new signature.
14295	Removes the first level of a nested dictionary structure from the response of a CloudStack API call.
14296	Returns named tuple with virtual memory details.
14297	Retrieve and return system per-CPU times as a named tuple.
14298	Retrieve real, effective, and saved user IDs for a process.
14299	Return the process's real, effective, and saved group IDs.
14300	Get process threads - Retrieve and return the number of threads belonging to the process.
14301	Returns files opened by process as a list of namedtuples. Uses BSD implementation if available; otherwise, falls back to LsofParser.
14302	Returns short commit hash from file or git repo, or not found placeholder.
14303	def pkg_info(pkg_path):
    """Return dict describing package context"""
    src, hsh = pkg_commit_hash(pkg_path)
    return dict(
        ipython_version=release.version,
        ipython_path=pkg_path,
        commit_source=src,
        commit_hash=hsh,
        sys_version=sys.version,
        sys_executable=sys.executable,
        sys_platform=sys.platform,
        platform=platform.platform(),
        os_name=os.name,
        default_encoding=encoding.DEFAULT_ENCODING,
        )
14304	def sys_info(): Returns a string with useful info about IPython and the system.
14305	Executes a shell command to retrieve the number of active CPUs on a Darwin system and returns the result.
14306	def num_cpus():
    Determines the number of effective CPUs in the system by calling platform-specific functions and returns the maximum of 1. If unable to determine, returns 1.
14307	Advance to the next result set. Continue to the next until no more result sets are available.
14308	Fetches a single row from the cursor, increments the row number, and returns the row's first column value. If no row is found, increments the warning check and returns None.
14309	Definitely

```python
Fetch up to size rows from the cursor. If size not provided, uses cursor.arraysize. Updates rownumber and checks for warnings.
```
14310	Fetches all available rows from the cursor, updates row number, checks for warnings, and returns the rows.
14311	Connects communication engine to peers, tree, publication URL, and root ID
14312	Reads a JSON notebook from a string, parses it, and converts it to the current notebook format based on the parsed version.
14313	Definitely! Here is the summary of the provided method:

```plaintext
Reads a .py notebook from a string and returns a NotebookNode object based on the nbformat version.
```
14314	Converts a string representing a notebook into a NotebookNode object, handling different formats like JSON, IPYNB, and Python.
14315	Writes a notebook to a string in a specified format using the current nbformat version. Supports 'json', 'ipynb', and 'py' formats. Raises an error for unsupported formats.
14316	def write(nb, fp, format, **kwargs):
    Writes a notebook to a file in a specified format using the current nbformat version.
    Parameters: nb (NotebookNode), fp (file-like object), format (string).
    Returns: None
14317	Reads all '.ipynb' files, adds metadata, and writes the changes back.
14318	Load value from dict using key, or reset if key does not exist.
14319	Checks if the name matches the testMatch or include patterns and does not match the exclude patterns.
14320	Function determines if a class is a wanted test class by checking if it is a subclass of unittest.TestCase, matches test name requirements, and not starting with '_'. Plugin settings can override these checks. Logs the decision process.
14321	Checks if a directory is a wanted test directory, considering package status and exclude patterns.
14322	Check if a file is a wanted test file by verifying:
1. It matches the testMatch or include patterns
2. It does not match exclude patterns
3. It does not match ignore patterns
4. If executable and self.config.includeExe is False, skip it
14323	Determines if a function is a test function based on its name and declared status, while considering plugin inputs and logging the result.
14324	# Summary:
Determines if a method is a test method by checking its name, attributes, and plugin input, while excluding private methods. Returns a boolean value.
14325	Determines if a module is a test module. Checks the module's name and an optional '__test__' attribute. Plugins can override this decision.
14326	Open a file and return its contents as a list of lines, returning an empty list if the file cannot be read.
14327	This method parses list command arguments using `OldPdb.parse_list_cmd` and prints the corresponding lines if a filename is provided.
14328	Reads lines from a file and prints them with optional syntax highlighting and line numbers.
14329	echo arg > ${vg:tmpfile} && ${VIRTUALENV_PYTHON} -m py screwed up the summary, but it should be applying a line magic to the argument 'arg' with specific namespaces.
14330	Retrieves the mid prices of two currencies on a specified date and returns their conversion factor
14331	Converts currency from one symbol to another on a specified date, handling different value types and ensuring precision.
14332	Computes currency return between two dates using a specified rate. Validates input dates and rate. Calculates return as (end price / start price) - 1.0.
14333	Get the encoding of a stream if available, otherwise return a default value.
14334	Return IPython's guess for the default encoding for bytes as text. First tries stdin.encoding, then locale.getpreferredencoding(), and finally sys.getdefaultencoding().
14335	Writes connection info to JSON file.
14336	Starts the heartbeat mechanism using ZeroMQ, sets up a logging message to connect to the kernel.
14337	displays and logs connection info, storing ports in a dictionary
14338	Create a session object with default secure settings and username 'kernel'.
14339	```python
Redirects input streams and sets a display hook based on provided classes.
```
14340	Create Kernel object using kernel_factory, passing config, session, and other socket references. Record ports.
14341	```python
Initializes connection with or without SSH tunneling. Determines if SSH is needed based on provided key or server. Establishes passwordless SSH if possible, otherwise prompts for password. Defines two functions: `connect` to establish a full connection, and `maybe_tunnel` for a partial connection used by heartbeat.
```
14342	The `register` method logs a registration attempt to the controller and sends a registration request using a Dealer socket with a specified identity. It sets up a ZMQStream to handle incoming messages and sends the registration request with a dictionary containing the queue, heartbeat, and control IDs.
14343	Converts HTML content to plain text, ignoring links.
14344	def md_to_text(content): Converts markdown content to text
14345	def domain_to_fqdn(domain, proto=None):
    """ Returns a fully qualified domain name with the specified protocol. If proto is None, it uses the default protocol from get_site_proto(). """
14346	Define command line options for excluding directories in tests, allowing multiple exclusions and a file of exclusions, with environment variables as defaults.
14347	Configures a plugin based on command line options, loads directories to exclude from a file if specified, normalizes and stores the directories for lookup, and sets the plugin as enabled if any directories are specified.
14348	Check if directory is in exclude list; return False if it is, otherwise return None
14349	Checks if 'ext' links to a dynamic lib in the same package.
14350	CALL EACH FUNCTION IN A LIST AND RETURN THE LAST FUNCTION'S VALUE OR NONE IF THE LIST IS EMPTY.
14351	Call each function from a reversed list of functions and return the value of the last function called. If the list is empty, return None.
14352	def append_func(self, func, *args, **kwargs):
    Wraps the given function with provided arguments and keywords, then appends it to the object.
14353	Inserts a function with given arguments and keywords at a specified index.
14354	Ensures there is exactly one newline between the usage text and the first heading, unless there is already a description present.
14355	Initialize the app, call super(), change working directory, and reinitialize logging.
14356	Creates a .pid file in the pid_dir with the runtime process's PID. Raises PIDFileError if the file already exists and overwrite=False. Logs creation of the pid file.
14357	def remove_pid_file(self):
    Removes the pid file at shutdown by registering a callback with reactor.addSystemEventTrigger. Returns None.
14358	Reads the process ID from a file, returning it as an integer. Raises an error if the file doesn't exist or contains invalid content.
14359	Construct an argument parser for a given function using its decorations, description, and docstring, and modify the function's docstring to include the help text.
14360	def real_name(magic_func):
    Extracts the real name of a function by removing 'magic_' prefix if present, or using the 'argcmd_name' attribute if available.
14361	Highlight a block of text selectively if highlighting is enabled. Identify the prompt and remove it from the string before highlighting.
14362	`rehighlightBlock` reenables highlighting temporarily.
14363	Adjusts start position by offset and then calls superclass method to set format.
14364	Copy selected text from the widget to clipboard, removing prompts.
14365	Execute the 'source' code in the kernel, optionally hiding output. Track execution with a unique message ID and emit execution signals if not hidden.
14366	Resets input splitter state and toggles highlighting if not reading.
14367	Tab completion triggered when non-whitespace character exists before cursor, otherwise returns False.
14368	Inserts a raw copy action into the context menu before the paste action.
14369	Reimplemented event filter for console keypresses to handle execution interruption and smart backspace.
14370	Reimplemented for auto-indentation. Calls superclass method then inserts continuation prompt with spaces based on indent level.
14371	Handle tab completion replies by checking for matching IDs and positions, then complete with suggested items.
14372	Executes `expr` silently in the kernel and calls `callback` with the `repr` of the result.
14373	Executes a callback function associated with a message if it exists, using the evaluated expression as an argument. Clears the callback from the dictionary after execution.
14374	Handles replies for code execution, processing 'ok', 'error', and 'aborted' statuses, and emitting an executed signal.
14375	handle raw input requests, log, flush SUB channel, handle second request, prompt, callback input
14376	Handle kernel death by logging and prompting user to restart.
14377	Handle replies for call tips by logging, getting the cursor position, and comparing with previously requested info. If matching, update and display call tip information.
14378	Log debug message and append plain text if output is from the current session and not hidden.
14379	Log message content and handle text from a stream, converting tabs to spaces and appending to the widget, unless hidden or not from the current session.
14380	Handle shutdown signal, only if from other console. If local kernel, emit exit_requested if not restarting, otherwise reset after waiting. For remote kernel, prompt to close or clear console based on restart status.
14381	Attempts to execute file at given path, optionally hiding the output.
14382	Attempts to interrupt the running kernel. If successful, it also unsets the `_reading` flag to avoid runtime errors if `raw_input` is called again. If the kernel is unavailable, it appends a message indicating that the kernel process is remote or unspecified, and thus cannot interrupt.
14383	Resets the widget, clearing traces if specified or configured to do so, otherwise indicates kernel restart without clearing.
14384	Attempts to restart the running kernel with an option to confirm.
14385	Displays a call tip if enabled, at the cursor position if the character before is '(', and the context can be determined.
14386	Completes code at cursor using context and kernel request.
14387	Handles execution errors by checking if SystemExit was called and sets_._keep_kernel_on_exit accordingly. If not a SystemExit, appends traceback to output.
14388	Processes a successful execution reply, iterating over payload items and handling unknown types by printing a warning.
14389	Document contents change handler; updates cursor position and displays call tip if needed.
14390	Add a plugin to a list of plugins to call if it has the specified attribute, adjusting the method if necessary.
14391	Call plugins in a chain, passing the result of each plugin to the next. Accumulate static arguments and return the final result.
14392	Call all plugins, yielding items from non-None results, handling exceptions by yielding failures.
14393	Call all plugins, returning the first non-None result.
14394	Configure plugins using given options and config, remove disabled plugins, sort, and log enabled plugins.
14395	def loadPlugins(self):
    """Iterate entry points to load plugins, handle exceptions, and configure adaptors."""
    from pkg_resources import iter_entry_points
    loaded = {}
    for entry_point, adapt in self.entry_points:
        for ep in iter_entry_points(entry_point):
            if ep.name in loaded:
                continue
            loaded[ep.name] = True
            log.debug('%s load plugin %s', self.__class__.__name__, ep)
            try:
                plugcls = ep.load()
            except KeyboardInterrupt:
                raise
            except Exception, e:
                warn("Unable to load plugin %s: %s" % (ep, e), RuntimeWarning)
                continue
            if adapt:
                plug = adapt(plugcls())
            else:
                plug = plugcls()
            self.addPlugin(plug)
    super(EntryPointPluginManager, self).loadPlugins()
14396	Load plugins from nose.plugins.builtin and add them to the plugin manager.
14397	Render LaTeX string to PNG using specified backend (mpl or dvipng), with optional base64 encoding.
14398	Convert LaTeX to HTML.

**Inputs:**
- `s`: Raw string with valid inline LaTeX.
- `alt`: Alt text for HTML.

**Output:** HTML string with embedded PNG data using data URIs.
14399	Renders a math expression to an image file with specified properties and format.
14400	Check if an installed distribution satisfies or conflicts with a requirement. If satisfied, set satisfied_by. If conflicting, set conflicts_with based on user site and virtual environment conditions.
14401	Yields Process instances for all running local machine processes, updating a cache and ensuring unique instances by PID.
14402	```python
def cpu_percent(interval=0.1, percpu=False):
    """Calculate CPU usage percentage. If interval > 0, measures over interval. If percpu=True, returns per-CPU usage."""
```
14403	Converts process attributes to a dictionary, handling exceptions and exclude certain methods.
14404	Get process name, truncate if on UNIX, extend with cmdline if possible, cache result.
14405	The method `exe` retrieves the executable path of a process, first using a platform-specific implementation. If that fails due to an `AccessDenied` exception, it attempts to guess the executable path from the process's command line. If guessing also fails with an `AccessDenied` exception, it returns the fallback value. If successful, it returns the executable path.
14406	Returns process children, recursively if specified.
14407	Returns CPU percent utilization; calculates either immediately (interval=0) or over a specified time interval. Adjusts values for subsequent calls if interval is None. Uses WMI/psutil implementation details depending on the OS.
14408	Calculates process memory utilization as a percentage of total physical memory.
14409	Return process's mapped memory regions as a list of namedtuples. If grouped, regions with the same path are summed. If not grouped, each region is shown with address and permission.
14410	Return whether the process is running by checking if the creation time matches the current process's creation time, ensuring the process has not been reused or terminated. If the process is not found, mark it as gone and return False.
14411	Suspends the process execution. Checks if the process is still running; raises NoSuchProcess if not. Depending on the platform, uses either a platform-specific suspend method or sends a SIGSTOP signal.
14412	```Resume process execution, ensuring safety by checking if the process is still running. If running, resume on Windows using platform-specific method or on Posix using SIGCONT signal.```
14413	Kills the current process if it is running, raising an exception if it has been terminated already. On POSIX systems, it sends the SIGKILL signal. On non-POSIX systems, it uses a platform-specific method to terminate the process.
14414	Wait for process to terminate, return exit code if process is a child of the current one, else return None. If timeout is provided, wait until the specified timeout duration. Raise ValueError if timeout is not a positive integer.
14415	Initializes GTK kernel; runs once at startup, returns False to prevent further execution.
14416	Hijack `gtk.main` and `gtk.main_quit` in GTK for IPython integration, replacing them with a dummy function to prevent user code from blocking the IPython loop. Returns the original functions for restoration.
14417	Check if identifier exists in user_ns, user_global_ns, or builtin_ns of ip.
14418	Initialize transformers by iterating over a list of default transformer classes and creating instances of each one with specified parameters.
14419	Registers and sorts a transformer instance if not already registered.
14420	Unregisters a transformer instance from the _transformers list if it exists.
14421	Create a list of default checkers and initialize them with the current shell, prefilter manager, and config.
14422	Registers a checker instance if it's not already in the list and sorts the checkers.
14423	Unregisters a checker instance from the _checkers list if it exists.
14424	Initialize default and escape handlers with specified parameters.
14425	Register a handler and associate it with escape strings by name and escape string.
14426	Unregisters a handler by name and removes associated escape strings.
14427	Prefilter a LineInfo object by finding and applying the appropriate handler.
14428	Find a handler for the line_info by iterating through the checkers. If a checker is enabled, attempt to get a handler for the line_info. If a handler is found, return it. If no handler is found, return the handler named 'normal'.
14429	Forces the model to generate a continuation of text based on a given prompt.
14430	This method prefilters a single line of text by calling transformers and then checkers/handlers, ensuring all handlers return a value even if it's blank. It also handles empty lines and manages input history, applying specific handlers based on the input context.
14431	This method filters multiple lines of input text by calling a helper method on each line. If there is more than one line, it marks subsequent lines as continuations.
14432	Gets an object from the user namespace, checks if it's an IPyAutocall instance, sets its IP, and returns the appropriate handler or None.
14433	Check if `line_info.continue_prompt` and `self.prefilter_manager.multi_line_specials` are True, and if `line_info.esc` is `ESC_MAGIC`, then return the handler for 'magic'; otherwise, return None.
14434	Check for escape character and return handler for "help" if at end, otherwise return handler for escape character or None.
14435	Check if initial identifier is an alias, not containing '.', not shadowed, and return alias handler
14436	Handle input lines with autoindent enabled. Exit input loop if two lines of whitespace in a row or a line of whitespace of different size to indent level. Return cleared line if exit condition met, otherwise return original line.
14437	Handle alias input lines by expanding aliases and formatting the output.
14438	Execute a command in a shell. If the line starts with a specific escape sequence, rewrite it to include a call to %sx and pass it to the magic_handler. Otherwise, format the command to be executed using get_ipython().system.
14439	Execute magic functions by constructing a string command using the input information.
14440	Handle lines for auto-execution, optionally quoting or parentheses.
14441	```python
def handle(self, line_info):
    """Try to get help for an object.

    Handles lines like 'obj?' or '??obj' by checking if they contain the help escape sequence.
    If they do, it strips the escape sequence and calls the 'pinfo' magic or shows usage.
    If the line compiles as valid Python, it falls back to normal handling.
    """
```
14442	Overrides the eventFilter method to hide the widget based on key press and focus events.
14443	Reimplemented enterEvent to cancel the hide timer.
14444	Reimplements the `paintEvent` method to paint the background panel using a `QStylePainter` and `QStyleOptionFrame`, then calls the superclass's `paintEvent` method.
14445	This method attempts to show the specified call line and docstring at the current cursor location. If the docstring is longer than the specified maxlines, it will be truncated and indicate "Documentation continues...". If the call_line is provided, it will be displayed above the docstring.
14446	Attempt to display a tip at the current cursor location in a text edit widget. Calculate cursor position and adjust tip position to prevent it from going off-screen.
14447	Updates the tip based on user cursor movement if the cursor is outside the selected range or at a position with parentheses.
14448	Create a property that proxies ``proxied_attr`` through the local attribute ``local_attr``.
14449	Converts a path to absolute form, relative to the given working directory.
14450	Schema validation helper raises a specified exception with a simplified error message if the instance does not conform to the given schema, prefixing the error path with any provided keys
14451	Returns a read-only subordinate mapping with stringified values and masked sensitive ones, implementing the context manager protocol.
14452	Check if in a virtual environment and the no-global-site-packages.txt file exists.
14453	Parallel word frequency counter using an IPython DirectView. Sends filenames to workers, counts word frequencies locally, aggregates results, and returns a combined frequency dictionary.
14454	Converts a function-based decorator into a class-based decorator for use with class-based views. Monkey-patches the dispatch method of the view with the decorator.
14455	Define default shell aliases based on operating system. For POSIX, include `ls` aliases for Linux and BSD. For Windows, use `dir` commands.
14456	Define an alias without raising on AliasError.
14457	Define a new alias by validating it and storing it in a table. Raises `AliasError` on validation failure.
14458	Validate alias and return number of arguments, raising an error if the name is a keyword, the command is not a string, or both %s and %l specifiers are used.
14459	Call an alias by name and rest of the line, transform it, and execute it using the shell, handling exceptions by showing a traceback.
14460	Transforms an alias into a system command string, handling arguments and special characters.
14461	Expands an alias in the command line by expanding the first word (command) according to alias expansion rules and returns the modified command line.
14462	Parses command-line help for nose and converts it to reStructuredText, including options and descriptions, while handling nested parsing.
14463	Resets the graphics attributes to default values.
14464	Splits a string into substrings based on ANSI escape codes, yielding each substring and associated actions.
14465	Returns a QColor for a given color code, adjusting for intensity if possible. Uses a color map to construct QColor instances from provided codes. If a string is found, attempts to return a QColor with a close SVG color name. Returns None if construction is not possible.
14466	Returns QTextCharFormat based on current style attributes.
14467	def generate(secret, age, **payload):
    """Generate a one-time JWT with an age in seconds"""
    jti = str(uuid.uuid1()) # Generate a random JWT ID
    if not payload:
        payload = {}
    payload['exp'] = int(time.time() + age) # Set expiration time
    payload['jti'] = jti # Add JWT ID to payload
    return jwt.encode(payload, decode_secret(secret)) # Return encoded JWT
14468	```python
def mutex(func):
    """Decorator to acquire and release a thread lock before and after calling the function."""
    def wrapper(*args, **kwargs):
        """Decorator Wrapper"""
        lock = args[0].lock
        lock.acquire(True)
        try:
            return func(*args, **kwargs)
        except:
            raise
        finally:
            lock.release()

    return wrapper
```
14469	Deletes expired JWTs from the cache if they are older than twice the specified age.
14470	Checks if a JWT is already in the store; if not, adds it with the current time and returns False.
14471	Checks if a given JWT token is valid by verifying its signature, expiration time, and uniqueness. Raises exceptions if the token is expired, cannot be decoded, missing required claims, or has been reused. Returns the decoded token data if all checks pass.
14472	This function wraps another function with a semaphore to ensure thread safety, controlling access based on a specified count and whether bounding is required.
14473	This method calculates the longest common prefix from a list of strings, with special handling for escape characters used in IPython commands.
14474	def eventFilter(self, obj, event):
    """Modifies key presses, middle-click paste, resize events, and drag/drop operations in filtered widgets to ensure safe and console-like behavior."""
    etype = event.type()
    if etype == QtCore.QEvent.KeyPress:
        if self._control_key_down(event.modifiers()) and key in self._ctrl_down_remap:
            new_event = QtGui.QKeyEvent(QtCore.QEvent.KeyPress, self._ctrl_down_remap[key], QtCore.Qt.NoModifier)
            QtGui.qApp.sendEvent(obj, new_event)
            return True
        elif obj == self._control:
            return self._event_filter_console_keypress(event)
        elif obj == self._page_control:
            return self._event_filter_page_keypress(event)
    elif etype == QtCore.QEvent.MouseButtonRelease and event.button() == QtCore.Qt.MidButton and obj == self._control.viewport():
        cursor = self._control.cursorForPosition(event.pos())
        self._control.setTextCursor(cursor)
        self.paste(QtGui.QClipboard.Selection)
        return True
    elif etype == QtCore.QEvent.Resize and not self._filter_resize:
        self._filter_resize = True
        QtGui.qApp.sendEvent(obj, event)
        self._adjust
14475	Calculates and returns a suggested size for the widget based on font metrics, margins, and style.
14476	Determines if selected text in a control can be cut and is within a buffer.
14477	Returns `True` if text can be pasted from the clipboard, otherwise `False`.
14478	Clears the console, optionally restoring the input buffer if `keep_input` is True.
14479	Copy selected text to clipboard and delete if in input buffer.
14480	Executes code from source or input buffer, handles prompting, and manages execution state.
14481	Retrieves the current input buffer from the text cursor, excluding continuation prompts. If the console is executing, returns the stored input buffer.
14482	Sets text in input buffer, updates when execution finishes if currently executing.
14483	Sets the base font for the ConsoleWidget and updates associated components.
14484	Pastes the clipboard's content into an input region, safely by keeping the cursor in the buffer, removing trailing newlines, and handling different clipboard modes.
14485	If no printer is specified, a default QPrinter is created and a print dialog is shown. If the user accepts the dialog, the contents of the ConsoleWidget are printed to the printer.
14486	Moves the prompt cursor to the top of the viewport if not currently executing.
14487	Resets the font to the default fixed-width font for the current platform. For Windows, uses Consolas with a fallback to Courier. For macOS, uses Monaco. For other platforms, uses Monospace. Adjusts the font size if specified, otherwise uses the application's default font size. Sets the style to TypeWriter.
14488	A low-level method for appending content to the text buffer. If 'before_prompt' is True and certain conditions are met, the content is inserted before the current prompt. The method adjusts the prompt positions if necessary.
14489	Appends HTML at the end of the console buffer using a custom method.
14490	Appends HTML and returns its plain text version by calling _insert_html_fetching_plain_text within _append_custom.
14491	Appends plain text, processes ANSI codes if enabled.
14492	Clears the text below the prompt region by removing all blocks until a line not starting with the prompt is encountered. Disables and re-enables undo/redo history to ensure the cleared text cannot be undone.
14493	Completes text with selected items, showing a dropdown if multiple items.
14494	Move cursor to end, append text, and set buffer filled flag.
14495	```python
def _control_key_down(self, modifiers, include_command=False):
    "Return whether Control key is down, considering Mac OS specifics."
    if sys.platform == 'darwin':
        down = include_command and (modifiers & QtCore.Qt.ControlModifier)
        return bool(down) ^ bool(modifiers & QtCore.Qt.MetaModifier)
    else:
        return bool(modifiers & QtCore.Qt.ControlModifier)
```
14496	Creates a text widget control, installs event filters, connects signals, and configures it.
14497	Creates and configures a page control widget based on the `kind` attribute, installing event filters and setting properties.
14498	Filters key events for a paging widget, creating a console-like interface. Handles control key O to focus on control, Alt + > and < to move cursor to start/end, Q/Esc to hide/show control widget, Enter/Return/Tab to page down, and Backspace to page up. Returns True for intercepted events, False otherwise.
14499	Given a QTextBlock, return its unformatted text by creating a cursor, moving to the start and end of the block, and returning the selected plain text.
14500	Returns a cursor for the last character in the text control.
14501	Returns cursor column in input buffer, excluding prompt length, or -1 if no prompt.
14502	Returns the line of text containing the cursor in the input buffer, excluding the prompt, or None if the cursor is not in a text block.
14503	Returns a cursor at the prompt position.
14504	Returns a cursor with selected text between 'start' and 'end' positions in the control's text.
14505	Inserts a continuation prompt at the specified cursor position, using plain text if HTML is not available, or fetching plain text from HTML if available.
14506	This method inserts HTML at the cursor position while preserving future formatting by temporarily adding and removing a space to reset the document's style state.
14507	Inserts HTML using a cursor, removes selected text, and returns the HTML's plain text version.
14508	Inserts plain text using cursor, processing ANSI codes if enabled. Handles text insertion, formatting, and special ANSI actions like erasing, scrolling, and beeping.
14509	Ensures the text cursor remains within the designated editing area, moves it to the end if not already, and returns whether the cursor was moved.
14510	Cancels the current editing task if the temporary buffer is filled; otherwise, clears the input buffer.
14511	Displays text using a pager if the viewport is exceeded.

Parameters:
- html: bool (default False) - If True, text is interpreted as HTML.

Logic:
1. Calculates minimum lines to fit in viewport.
2. If text exceeds:
   - Emits custom_page_requested if paging mode is 'custom'.
   - Uses _page_control to display text, resizing and focusing as needed.
3. If only HTML and no paging:
   - Appends text as HTML.
4. Otherwise, appends plain text.
14512	def _prompt_started(self):
    """ Called immediately after a new prompt is displayed.
    """
    self._control.document().setMaximumBlockCount(0)
    self._control.setUndoRedoEnabled(True)
    self._control.setReadOnly(False)
    self._control.setAttribute(QtCore.Qt.WA_InputMethodEnabled, True)
    if not self._reading:
        self._executing = False
    self._prompt_started_hook()
    if self._input_buffer_pending:
        self.input_buffer = self._input_buffer_pending
        self._input_buffer_pending = ''
    self._control.moveCursor(QtGui.QTextCursor.End)
14513	Reads one line of input from the user with an optional prompt and callback. Raises an error if the widget is already reading or if the widget is not visible and no callback is provided. If no callback is provided, reads input synchronously and returns the stripped input string. If a callback is provided, executes the callback with the stripped input string asynchronously and returns nothing.
14514	Sets the continuation prompt, handling plain text or HTML based on the html parameter.
14515	Scrolls viewport to make specified cursor appear at the top by setting scrollbar to maximum value, saving and restoring text cursor visibility.
14516	def _show_prompt(self, prompt=None, html=False, newline=True):
    Inserts a prompt at the end of the buffer, handling HTML and newlines.
14517	Adjusts vertical scrollbar range and page step based on document and viewport size, compensating for text truncation.
14518	Entry point for pkginfo tool parses options and paths, formats metadata, and outputs results.
14519	Copy a default config file into the active profile directory, optionally overwrite if it already exists.
14520	Create a profile directory by name and path, raising an error if the path is not a directory.
14521	Find and return a ProfileDir object for a given profile name within specified directories. Raises an exception if not found.
14522	Converts a comparison function into a key function by defining a wrapper class that uses the comparison function for rich comparison operations.
14523	Open a file, read its contents, close the file, and return the source.
14524	Takes multiple lines of input, terminated by a default '.' or EOF, concatenating lines ending with '\'. Returns a list of input lines, excluding the termination string.
14525	Create a temporary Python file from source code, return filename and filehandle. Caller must close and unlink file.
14526	Close the file and restore the channel by flushing, setting the attribute, closing the file, and marking it as closed.
14527	Write data to both a file and an output stream, then flush the output stream
14528	Adds a new handler for new hearts.
14529	Adds a new handler for heart failure.
14530	def handle_pong(self, msg):
    "Process a pong message"
    current = str_to_bytes(str(self.lifetime))
    last = str_to_bytes(str(self.last_ping))
    if msg[1] == current:
        delta = time.time()-self.tic
        self.responses.add(msg[0])
    elif msg[1] == last:
        delta = time.time()-self.tic + (self.lifetime-self.last_ping)
        self.log.warn("Heartbeat missed by %r, took %.2f ms to respond", msg[0], 1000*delta)
        self.responses.add(msg[0])
    else:
        self.log.warn("Received bad heartbeat (possibly old?): %s", msg[1])
14531	- Converts a list into batches of equal size.
- Supports randomizing the input list before batching.
- Handles remainder by skipping last elements if `mod` is non-zero.
14532	Splits a pathfile string into path and filename; handles edge cases where path or filename is not provided.
14533	Walks through a directory tree, yielding matching files based on a pattern. Recurses through subfolders if specified.
14534	If count is within display_amt, calculate and display elapsed time, average time, and estimated end time.
14535	Converts time values to appropriate units (secs, mins, or hrs) based on their magnitude.
14536	Open a file, read its end record, check for valid wininst data, and extract and parse the configuration data using ConfigParser, returning a RawConfigParser object or None if unsuccessful.
14537	Ensure the importer caches do not have stale info for `path` by unanningcing it in `_zip_directory_cache` and `sys.path_importer_cache`.
14538	Quote a command line argument according to Windows parsing rules by adding double quotes if necessary and escaping backslashes and double quotes within the argument.
14539	def check_conflicts(self, dist): Checks for conflicting "old-style" packages. Temporarily disabled.
14540	transfer easy_install fetch options to setup.cfg
14541	Create home directory and its subdirectories if they don't exist, setting permissions to 0700.
14542	Returns True if `name` ends with any of the specified archive file extensions.
14543	def mutable(obj):
    creates a mutable proxy for obj, allowing modifications to the proxy without affecting the original object.
14544	Returns a read-only proxy for an object, preventing modifications unless `error_on_set` is True.
14545	Create a new notebook heading cell with specified source, rendered content, level, and metadata.
14546	"""
Create a new metadata node with optional attributes.

Example:
new_metadata(name='example', authors=['Alice', 'Bob'], license='MIT')
"""

### Input
```python
def add_numbers(a, b):
    """Add two numbers and return the result."""
    return a + b
```
14547	Create a new author object with optional name, email, affiliation, and URL properties as Unicode strings.
14548	Checks if a given path is a writable directory.
14549	Remove leading and trailing quotes from Windows filenames
14550	get_py_filename attempts to return a valid Python filename in the current directory. If the provided name is not a file, it appends '.py' and attempts again. On Windows, it applies Windows semantics to the filename. If the file still isn't found, it raises an IOError with an informative message.
14551	```python
def filefind(filename, path_dirs=None):
    """Find a file by searching specified paths.

    Searches for `filename` in a sequence of `path_dirs` and returns the full, absolute path of the first occurrence.
    If no paths are specified, only checks if `filename` is absolute or in the current working directory.
    Raises `IOError` if the file is not found in any of the paths.
    """
```
14552	Return the home directory as a Unicode string, optionally ensuring it's writable.
14553	Return XDG_CONFIG_HOME if defined and exists, else use ~/.config.
14554	```python
def get_ipython_dir():
    """Return the IPython directory for the current platform and user.
    
    Uses the logic in get_home_dir to find the home directory and adds .ipython to the end of the path.
    Checks for an environment variable IPYTHONDIR or IPYTHON_DIR and sets the directory accordingly.
    Determines the writable directory using XDG_CONFIG_HOME or HOME.
    Returns a normalized, writable IPython directory or a temporary directory if not writable.
    """
```
14555	Get the base directory of the IPython installation.
14556	def get_ipython_module_path(module_str):
    """Determine the path to a specified IPython module, returning the path to the .py file."""
14557	The `target_outdated` function checks if a target file is out of date compared to a list of dependency files. If the target does not exist or is older than any dependency, it returns 1 (indicating the target is out of date); otherwise, it returns 0.
14558	Read a file, ignore line endings, create an MD5 hash.
14559	Check for old IPython config files in the given directory (default: `get_ipython_dir()`) and present a warning if they exist. Old config files include `ipy_user_conf.py`, `ipythonrc`, and `ipython_config.py`. If the file is modified, it will be deleted; otherwise, a warning will be shown with a link to the new config documentation. If any old config files are found, a final warning prompts the user to create a new profile and configure settings in `ipython_config.py`.
14560	Updates the suggestions' dictionary for an object when it is visited, tracking previously viewed objects and creating a dictionary entry if the object has not been visited before in that context.
14561	def get_suggestions_with_size(object, size): Retrieve a list of suggestions for an object, limited to a certain size, based on the number of visits, fetching data from the ObjectViewDictionary model.
14562	Retrieves suggestions for an object by filtering `ObjectViewDictionary` based on the object's content type and ID, ordering by visits in descending order.
14563	Returns the relative path of the current instance from the current working directory.
14564	Returns a list of path objects that match a given wildcard pattern relative to the current directory.
14565	Reads and returns all lines of a file as a list, optionally specifying encoding, error handling, and newline retention.
14566	This method calculates the MD5 hash for a file by reading it in chunks and updating the hash object accordingly.
14567	If available, create profile stats file and load profiler.
14568	Closes profiler, loads stats, sorts them, and prints to specified stream, restoring original output afterward.
14569	Cleans up a stats file if configured to do so, closing the profiler and removing the file if necessary.
14570	Handle CLI command by sending heartbeat messages on a loop, exiting on keyboard interrupt.
14571	```
def enable_wx(self, app=None):
    """Enable wxPython event loop integration, creating a new app if none provided."""
    import wx
    if wx.VERSION < (2, 8):
        raise ValueError("requires wxPython >= 2.8")
    from IPython.lib.inputhookwx import inputhook_wx
    self.set_inputhook(inputhook_wx)
    self._current_gui = GUI_WX
    app = app or wx.GetApp() or wx.App(redirect=False, clearSigInt=False)
    app._in_event_loop = True
    self._apps[GUI_WX] = app
    return app
```
14572	Disable wxPython event loop integration by setting PyOS_InputHook to NULL and updating the event loop status.
14573	Disable event loop integration with PyQt4 by setting _in_event_loop to False and clearing the inputhook.
14574	Enable event loop integration with PyGTK.
14575	def enable_tk(self, app=None):
    """Enable event loop integration with Tk.

    If no app is provided, create and return a new Tk app instance.
    If an app is provided, register it with the InputHookManager.

    This method sets self._current_gui to GUI_TK and manages Tk apps in self._apps.
    """
    self._current_gui = GUI_TK
    if app is None:
        import Tkinter
        app = Tkinter.Tk()
        app.withdraw()
        self._apps[GUI_TK] = app
    self._register_input_hook(app)
    return app
14576	Enable event loop integration with pyglet by setting the ``PyOS_InputHook`` for pyglet.
14577	append wave data to history
14578	Connect to the database, create necessary tables if they don't exist, and commit changes.
14579	Executes an SQL query for history and output data.
14580	Retrieves information about a session, either the current session or one relative to it, based on a session number. Returns session details such as ID, start time, end time, command count, and remark.
14581	Get the last n lines from the history database. If include_latest is False, n+1 lines are fetched and the latest one is discarded. Returns tuples as get_range.
14582	Extracts and yields lines of history from a string of ranges, processing each range individually using the `get_range` method.
14583	Get default history file name based on the Shell's profile. Profile parameter is ignored for compatibility.
14584	Update the current session's remark in the history database with the given name.
14585	Clear session history, release object references, and optionally start a new session.
14586	Get input history from the current session, optionally with output, using range-based parameters. Adjusts indices for negative values, yields input lines or tuples of input/output pairs.
14587	Stores database output if logging is enabled and line number exists in history, appends to cache, and updates save flag if necessary.
14588	Write entries from cache to database, handle unique constraint errors, and clear cache.
14589	Stops the thread safely from the main thread by setting a stop flag and signaling the HistoryManager to save, then waiting for the thread to finish.
14590	Returns the number of CPUs on the system by attempting to use system configuration, parsing /proc/cpuinfo, and /proc/stat as fall backs. Raises an exception if unable to determine the number of CPUs.
14591	Read /proc/stat, skip the first line, and parse each CPU line into a namedtuple with times divided by _CLOCK_TICKS.
14592	This function returns a list of mounted disk partitions as namedtuples. It first reads the list of physical devices from `/proc/filesystems`. Then, it filters and constructs a list of partitions based on the physical devices and a provided 'all' flag.
14593	Returns a list of PIDs currently running on the system.
14594	def nice_pair(pair): Converts a pair of numbers into a nice string representation. If the numbers are equal, it returns the number as a string. If the numbers are different, it returns a string with the numbers separated by a dash, indicating a range.
14595	Format line numbers by coalescing consecutive lines into ranges, even with gaps between statements.
14596	Function returns a string with the call stack, formatted with function name, filename, and line number.
14597	A decorator to cache the result of an expensive operation for methods with no arguments.
14598	Join a list of regexes into one that matches any of them. If multiple regexes, enclose each in parentheses and separate with '|'. If only one regex, return it. If empty, return an empty string.
14599	Remove a file at the given path, ignoring errors if the file does not exist.
14600	Updates a hash using a given value, recursively handling various data types such as strings, numbers, tuples, lists, dictionaries, and custom objects.
14601	Lists and processes profiles from the IPython directory and current working directory, adding them to a profiles dictionary if they are not already present.
14602	Starts a cluster for a given profile, checks if it's already running, and launches controller and engine set with error handling.
14603	Stop a cluster for a given profile, checking its status and stopping both controller and engine set launchers if running. Return a dictionary indicating the profile and its status as stopped.
14604	Find the full path to a .bat or .exe file using the win32api module. Checks each extension in the PATH environment variable. Raises an ImportError if pywin32 is not installed. Raises an OSError if the command is not found.
14605	Def _system_body(p):
    """Callback for _system."""
    enc = DEFAULT_ENCODING
    read_no_interrupt(p.stdout).splitlines()
    for line in read_no_interrupt(p.stdout).splitlines():
        line = line.decode(enc, 'replace')
        print(line, file=sys.stdout)
    read_no_interrupt(p.stderr).splitlines()
    for line in read_no_interrupt(p.stderr).splitlines():
        line = line.decode(enc, 'replace')
        print(line, file=sys.stderr)
    wait for returncode
14606	Filter code units based on include and omit patterns in morfs.
14607	```
def report_files(self, report_fn, morfs, directory=None):
    """Runs a reporting function on multiple morfs.

    Calls `report_fn` for each relative morf in `morfs`, passing the `CodeUnit` and `Analysis`.
    Handles exceptions for missing source and non-Python files.
    """
```
14608	Decorator to test that a function raises one of the specified exceptions.
14609	```python
def set_trace():
    """Restores sys.stdout, sets a breakpoint in the caller's frame using pdb"""
```
14610	def timed(limit):
    Tests must finish within a specified time limit to pass. Raises TimeExpired if exceeded.
14611	Loads all IPython extensions in IPythonApp.extensions using the :meth:`ExtensionManager.load_extensions` method. Logs the loading process and handles errors, showing error messages and traceback if necessary.
14612	Executes pre-flight code by running startup files, exec lines, exec files, command line code, and a module, then flushes stdout and stderr, and hides defined variables.
14613	This method runs lines of code stored in `self.exec_lines` within the user's namespace using the IPython shell, logging each line's execution and any errors encountered.
14614	```python
def _run_startup_files(self):
    """Executes Python and IPython files from the profile startup directory"""
    startup_dir = self.profile_dir.startup_dir
    startup_files = glob.glob(os.path.join(startup_dir, '*.py')) + glob.glob(os.path.join(startup_dir, '*.ipy'))
    if not startup_files:
        return
    
    self.log.debug("Running startup files from %s...", startup_dir)
    try:
        for fname in sorted(startup_files):
            self._exec_file(fname)
    except:
        self.log.warn("Unknown error in handling startup files:")
        self.shell.showtraceback()
```
14615	Run files from IPythonApp.exec_files, log a debug message, and execute each file. Catch any exceptions, log a warning, and show the traceback.
14616	Run code or file specified at the command-line. If code is provided, execute it; if a file is provided, execute the file. Handle exceptions by logging a warning and showing the traceback.
14617	Def `_run_module` sets `sys.argv` to mimic direct module execution, runs the specified module, and restores `sys.argv` afterward.
14618	```python
def generic(func):
    """Create a simple generic function"""
    def dispatch(*args, **kw):
        f = _gbo(id(args[0]), _sentinel)
        if f is _sentinel:
            return func(*args, **kw)
        else:
            return f[1](*args, **kw)
    dispatch.__name__ = func.__name__
    dispatch.__dict__ = func.__dict__.copy()
    dispatch.__doc__ = func.__doc__
    dispatch.__module__ = func.__module__
    dispatch.when_type = when_type
    dispatch.when_object = when_object
    dispatch.default = func
    dispatch.has_object = lambda o: id(o) in _by_object
    dispatch.has_type = lambda t: t in _by_type
    return dispatch
```
14619	Returns the path to a data file by searching STATIC_PATH directories, optionally in a subdirectory specified by pkgdir. Raises an exception if the file is not found.
14620	Reads and returns the contents of a data file, ensuring it is closed afterward.
14621	Converts HTML special characters to entities and consecutive spaces to non-breaking spaces.
14622	This function generates an HTML report for provided modules or filenames by checking settings consistency, processing files, and writing the index and static files, ultimately returning the coverage percentage.
14623	Copies static files and extra CSS to a local directory for an HTML report.
14624	Open file in write-binary mode, encode HTML, write to file, ensure file is closed.
14625	Compute a hash based on file content and update coverage data.
14626	Generates and writes the index.html file for the report using template rendering and data from the class attributes.
14627	The method reads a status file from a specified directory, unpickles its contents, and validates them against expected format and version. If valid, it updates the object's state with the file and settings; otherwise, it resets the object.
14628	Save current status to a pickle file in specified directory
14629	Sorts and compares two lists. Defaults to in-place sorting but can modify input lists. Returns True if the sorted lists are identical, False otherwise. Optionally avoids in-place sorting by creating temporary copies.
14630	returns a slice of a sequence with a variable step
14631	def chop(seq, size): Splits sequence into chunks of specified size.
14632	Reads configuration from setup.cfg and modifies global IGNORE list based on configuration settings.
14633	Reads existing configuration from `MANIFEST.in`, ignores items listed therein, and extends global ignore lists.
14634	Converts a glob pattern to a regular expression, ensuring that the '*' character does not match directory separators.
14635	Checks if a filename matches any given pattern using fnmatch.
14636	List git-versioned files in the current directory, handling UTF-8 encoding on Windows.
14637	Initiate a new kernel, generate a unique ID, create a KernelManager, start the kernel, and store the kernel ID for future reference.
14638	Shuts down a kernel identified by a given UUID and removes it from the kernel registry.
14639	Kill a kernel using its UUID and remove it from the internal kernel dictionary.
14640	Get KernelManager by kernel_id, raise KeyError if not found.
14641	Returns a dictionary of port numbers for a kernel's channels given its ID.
14642	Return the notebook_id for a given kernel_id, or None if the kernel_id is not found.
14643	Starts or returns the kernel ID for a notebook. If no existing kernel is found, creates a new one with specified arguments and associates it with the notebook.
14644	Shutdown a kernel and remove its association with a notebook.
14645	Interrupt a kernel by ID, log the interruption, and call the superclass method.
14646	Restart a kernel while keeping clients connected, handling fallback in case the primary mechanism fails.
14647	Check kernel ID and create iopub stream.
14648	Create a new shell stream for a given kernel ID after verifying its validity.
14649	Check kernel ID and return super's create_hb_stream result.
14650	Reset all OneTimeProperty attributes in an instance by removing them from the instance dictionary.
14651	Exports HTML content to a file, handling image tags and inline images.
14652	def export_xhtml(html, filename, image_tag=None):
    """ Export HTML to XHTML with inline SVGs.

    Convert HTML to XHTML, optionally with custom image handling, 
    and save to a file.

    Parameters:
    -----------
    html : str
        UTF-8 encoded HTML string.

    filename : str
        Output file path.

    image_tag : callable, optional (default None)
        Function to convert images.
    """
14653	def ensure_utf8(image_tag):
    """Wrapper to ensure image_tag returns a UTF-8 encoded string on Python 2."""
    if py3compat.PY3:
        return image_tag

    def utf8_image_tag(*args, **kwargs):
        s = image_tag(*args, **kwargs)
        if isinstance(s, unicode):
            s = s.encode('utf8')
        return s

    return utf8_image_tag
14654	Transforms a Qt-generated HTML string into a standards-compliant one by adding a UTF-8 declaration and replacing empty paragraph tags with line breaks.
14655	Displays a dialog for exporting HTML generated by Qt's rich text system. Returns the name of the file saved or None if no file was saved.
14656	Retrieves a unique instance of a class or None.
14657	Builds a query for included terms in text search by iterating over tokenized terms and search fields, creating an OR query for each term across fields, and combining these OR queries with AND.
14658	Builds a query for text search based on included and excluded terms.
14659	Return Q object for date_field >= current date - days
14660	Query to filter dates older than a specified number of days from the current date.
14661	Returns a query filtering for null or blank values in a specified field.
14662	Converts model queries to case-insensitive for specified fields by adding '__iexact' to field names if they exist in the input dictionary and removing the original field names.
14663	def options(self, parser, env):
    """Register command line options for filtering tests based on attributes."""
    parser.add_option("-a", "--attr", dest="attr", action="append", default=env.get('NOSE_ATTR'), metavar="ATTR", help="Run tests with specified attributes.")
    parser.add_option("-A", "--eval-attr", dest="eval_attr", metavar="EXPR", action="append", default=env.get('NOSE_EVAL_ATTR'), help="Run tests for whose attributes the Python expression EXPR evaluates to True.")
14664	def validateAttrib(self, method, cls=None):
    """Check if a method has the required attributes.
    Returns None if all attributes match for any group, otherwise False.
    """
    for group in self.attribs:
        match = True
        for key, value in group:
            attr = get_method_attr(method, cls, key)
            if callable(value):
                if not value(key, method, cls):
                    match = False
                    break
            elif value is True:
                if not bool(attr):
                    match = False
                    break
            elif value is False:
                if bool(attr):
                    match = False
                    break
            elif type(attr) in (list, tuple):
                if not str(value).lower() in [str(x).lower() for x in attr]:
                    match = False
                    break
            else:
                if value != attr and str(value).lower() != str(attr).lower():
                    match = False
                    break
        if match:
            return None
    return False
14665	Checks if a method's attributes match certain criteria by inspecting its class and calling a validation method.
14666	Rotate the kill ring, update the cursor position, insert the new text, and update the previous yank.
14667	-def patch_pyzmq():
    """
    Applies backports for newer pyzmq patches and fixes in older versions.
    """
14668	Defines a function to create an XSD-enabled parser from a WSDL or XSD schema, optionally requiring a version, and returns the parser with the schema and version information.
14669	Converts HTTP(S) URL to WebSocket URL by replacing 'http' with 'ws' and using the configured or request-based host.
14670	This method reserializes a reply message using JSON. It takes a message list from a ZMQ socket, unserializes it, modifies the header and parent header dictionaries by removing the 'date' key if present, removes the 'buffers' key, and then serializes the result using JSON.
14671	Inject a cookie message for authentication, encoding unicode to UTF-8 if necessary, and handling exceptions if the cookie string is invalid.
14672	Initiates heartbeat monitoring, invoking callback if kernel dies.
14673	Start heartbeat loop if still active and stream not closed.
14674	Stop heartbeating and cancel related callbacks.
14675	```python
def fload(self):
    """Load file or file-like object."""
    if self.fobj:
        self.fobj.close()
    if hasattr(self.src, "read"):
        self.fobj = self.src
    else:
        self.fobj = open(self.fname)
```
14676	Get the current block index, validate if provided, check demo status, and return None if finished.
14677	Moves the seek pointer to the specified block. Supports negative indices for reverse indexing. Validates the index and updates the pointer accordingly.
14678	Edits a block in the demo without modifying the original source file. If no index is given, it uses the last block executed. It decreases the index by one if not at the beginning. The edited block is then updated in the demo and reloaded.
14679	Displays a single block of content on screen, updates the display with a marquee title and remaining blocks count, and flushes the output buffer
14680	Display each block of the demo on the screen, updating the title and block number, and handle silent blocks separately.
14681	Applies a method to each item in a collection in series, prints timer information, and returns the modified collection.
14682	Process a collection in parallel batches, each batch processed in series. Adjusts to optimal batch size and parallel processes based on input. Returns the modified collection.
14683	Parallel processing with ThreadPool for a given function and sequence. If runSeries is True, runs the function sequentially. Outputs elapsed time if quiet is False.
14684	parallel(collection, method, processes=None, args=None, **kwargs)
Parallelly processes a collection using the specified method and number of processes.
Parameters:
    collection: the input collection to process in parallel
    method: the function to apply to each element of the collection
    processes: the number of parallel processes to use (default: number of cores)
    args: additional arguments to pass to the method
Returns:
    a processed collection with the method applied to each element
This implementation uses the multiprocessing module to create a pool of worker processes and applies the specified method to each element of the input collection in parallel. Each worker process is assigned one element of the collection and applies the method with the specified arguments. The results are collected and returned as a list.
14685	wrap a function to execute with a context manager
14686	Decorator that allows entering context managers one by one for each name provided in the decorator arguments.
14687	def tbsource(tb, context=6):
    Returns source lines and current line index from a traceback object.
14688	def find_inspectable_lines(lines, pos): Identify and return lines that are inspectable around a given position. It walks up to 3 lines backward and forward while maintaining the same indent level, counting continued lines as one.
14689	```html
<div class="name">name</div>
<div class="description">description</div>
<div class="counter"></div>
```
14690	Stops all subprocesses by sending a SIGINT signal, waits briefly, then forcefully kills the controller process.
14691	A modifier hook method that is executed before an action is performed. It takes a context, a list of preceding modifiers, a list of following modifiers, and an action as parameters. The method checks a condition, and if it is not met, it returns a StepResult with state SKIPPED. If the condition is met, it returns None.
14692	Sets the `ignore` property of the `result` object to the configured value and returns the modified result.
14693	Update object's history and outstanding attributes after method call.
14694	Syncs results from self.client to local results attribute, handling completed and outstanding tasks.
14695	Call `f` with args and kwargs, then call `self.spin()`, and return the result of `f`.
14696	Retrieve all ready messages in a non-blocking manner.
14697	"Retrieves a message from the input queue, waiting if necessary."
14698	```python
def prop(func=None, *, field=_UNSET, get=True, set=True, del_=False, default=_UNSET, types=_UNSET):
    '''Decorator that simplifies property creation.'''
    def wrap(func):
        if not callable(func):
            raise TypeError
        prop_name = func.__name__
        key = field if field is not _UNSET else '_' + prop_name
        fget, fset, fdel = None, None, None
        if get:
            fget = lambda self: self.__dict__.get(key, default) if default is not _UNSET else self.__dict__[key]
        if set:
            fset = lambda self, val: setattr(self, key, val) if types is _UNSET or isinstance(val, types) else raise TypeError
        if del_:
            fdel = lambda self: del self.__dict__[key]
        return property(fget, fset, fdel, func.__doc__)
    return wrap(func) if func else wrap
```
14699	`get_onlys` generates property methods for specified fields, allowing for clean attribute access.
14700	Parses a database URL to extract and return its configuration as a dictionary, including name, user, password, host, port, and engine.
14701	Return the list of module names in the given folder.
14702	Retrieves and caches a list of root modules available in Python path
14703	`quick_completer` method creates a trivial command completer. It takes a command and a list of completions or a string of completions. If the completions are provided as a string, it splits them by whitespace. Then, it defines a `do_complete` function that returns the list of completions. Finally, it sets a hook for the command completion using `set_hook` method.
14704	```plaintext
def module_completion(line):
    """Returns completion possibilities for an import line based on partial input."""
    words = line.split(' ')
    nwords = len(words)

    if nwords == 3 and words[0] == 'from':
        return ['import ']
    elif nwords < 3 and (words[0] in ['import','from']):
        if nwords == 1:
            return get_root_modules()
        mod = words[1].split('.')
        if len(mod) < 2:
            return get_root_modules()
        completion_list = try_import('.'.join(mod[:-1]), True)
        return ['.'.join(mod[:-1] + [el]) for el in completion_list]
    elif nwords >= 3 and words[0] == 'from':
        mod = words[1]
        return try_import(mod)
```
14705	Completes files ending in .py, .ipy, or .pyw for the %run command.
14706	Completer function for `cd` that returns directory completions, including bookmarks, directory history, and partial matches.
14707	Escapes an XML attribute, converts Unicode to bytes if necessary, and encloses it in double quotes.
14708	This method configures the xunit plugin by calling the superclass's configure method, storing the config, and setting up statistics, error lists, and a file for error reporting if the plugin is enabled.
14709	Writes an Xunit-formatted XML file with a report of test errors and failures.
14710	Adds error output to Xunit report. Determines if error is skipped or other error, counts, formats traceback, and appends formatted error to errorlist.
14711	Add failure record to Xunit report with test details and error information.
14712	Incorporates success output into Xunit report tracking.
14713	Selects two random indices from a list, returns the index of the least recently used item (LRU).
14714	Pick two loads at random using their inverse as weight, then return the less loaded one.
14715	Adds a new engine with identifier `uid` to the front of the target and load lists, initializes completion, failure, and pending sets, and rescans the graph.
14716	Unregister an unavailable engine by removing it from the target and load lists. Flush any unfinished tasks, prevent further work, and wait 5 seconds to clean up pending jobs if results may still be incoming.
14717	When an engine dies, this method handles the stranded tasks by simulating an error response and dispatching it. It prevents double-handling, builds a fake error message, and removes completed/failed entries for the engine.
14718	Process a job submission, validate dependencies, and dispatch job to appropriate handlers.
14719	Audits waiting tasks for expired timeouts, failing unreachable jobs.
14720	This method handles tasks becoming unreachable. It checks if the task is already in a failed state, removes it from dependencies, handles dependencies, raises an exception, and sends a failure reply message.
14721	def maybe_run(self, job): Check job dependencies and run if met. If not, handle impossibility cases.
14722	Save job with unmet dependencies. Track dependency relationships in graph.
14723	Submit a task to a selected or all targets, update load information, send the job to the engine, and notify the Hub of the task destination.
14724	process result replies by dispatching them to the appropriate engine if still alive, updating job status, handling retries, and sending updates to clients and the monitor
14725	Relays task result to client, updates data structures based on success or failure.
14726	handle an unmet dependency; pop job from pending, add engine to blacklist; move to depending if fully blacklisted; resubmit failed job; update graph if load reaches high water mark
14727	### Summary:
- **Functionality**: Update dependency graph and submit runnable jobs upon completion of a dependency or when the system state requires it.
- **Key Steps**:
  - Remove completed job's dependencies from the graph.
  - If no `dep_id` or high water mark (HWM) is reached, recheck all dependencies.
  - Sort jobs based on their timestamp.
  - Check job's dependencies and either fail them or submit them for execution if conditions are met.
  - Remove executed jobs and update dependent job records accordingly.
14728	Generates a new log file with options for mode, timestamp, output control, and raw input logging. Raises error if log is already active.
14729	Prints a status message about the logger, including its filename, mode, and current state.
14730	Writes a log line based on which input is valid, using either the original or modified line.
14731	Write data to log file if active, format based on type and timestamp.
14732	Fully stop logging and close log file. Reset log state.
14733	Create a worksheet with an optional name and list of cells. If no name is provided, it defaults to None. If no cells are provided, it defaults to an empty list.
14734	Adds a target string and associated object to a dispatch chain, optionally specifying a priority.
14735	Adds a target regex to the dispatcher with an optional priority.
14736	Check if key is in self.strs dictionary, yield corresponding value if present. Iterate through self.regexs items, yield matching regex object if key matches pattern, ignore otherwise.
14737	Yield 'value' targets from self.dispatch(key), skipping priorities.
14738	Validate and create notebook directory if it doesn't exist.
14739	List all notebooks in a directory, return a sorted list of dictionaries containing notebook IDs and names.
14740	Generate a random UUID as a new notebook_id, store the name-to-id and id-to-name mappings, and return the id.
14741	Delete a notebook's ID by removing it from both `mapping` and `rev_mapping` dictionaries.
14742	Checks if a notebook with the given notebook_id exists by verifying its presence in a mapping and whether the corresponding path is a file.
14743	```python
def find_path(self, notebook_id):
    """Find and return the full path to a notebook by its ID, raising an error if it doesn't exist."""
```
14744	def get_path_by_name(self, name): return os.path.join(self.notebook_dir, name + self.filename_ext)
14745	Retrieve notebook data in specified format by ID. Validate format, get notebook object, and return last modified time, name, and data.
14746	Get NotebookNode by notebook_id, check if file exists, get last modified time, read file content, parse JSON, set notebook name, return last modified time and notebook object.
14747	def save_new_notebook(self, data, name=None, format='json'):
    """Save a new notebook and return its notebook_id. Validate format, parse data, set name, generate ID, and save notebook object."""
14748	Saves an existing notebook by notebook_id, validates format, decodes data, updates metadata if provided, and saves the notebook object.
14749	Saves an existing notebook object by notebook_id, updates its name if changed, and preserves its script file if required.
14750	Deletes a notebook based on the notebook_id. Checks if the notebook exists, raises an error if not, and then deletes it both on the file system and in the database.
14751	Create a new notebook, assign it a unique ID, and return the ID.
14752	1. Retrieve notebook object using `get_notebook_object` method.
2. Create a copy of the notebook by appending '-Copy' to the original name.
3. Increment the filename to avoid conflicts.
4. Assign a new unique notebook ID using `new_notebook_id`.
5. Save the copied notebook using `save_notebook_object`.
6. Return the new notebook ID.
14753	**Summary:**
Generates physical tokens from input tokens, including line continuations. Detects if a line ends with a backslash and decides whether to inject a fake backslash token to maintain a faithful representation of the original source.
14754	Tokenizes source code by generating a series of lines, where each line is a list of pairs representing tokens and their classes.
14755	Load default config file from ipython_dir (or use default if None). Returns config object.
14756	```python
def _classes_default(self):
    """Returns a list of default class objects in a specific order."""
    return [
        ShellApp,
        self.__class__,
        TerminalInteractiveShell,
        PromptManager,
        HistoryManager,
        ProfileDir,
        PlainTextFormatter,
        IPCompleter,
        ScriptMagics,
    ]
```
14757	Override parse_command_line to deprecate '-pylab' flag, replace with '--pylab' or '--pylab=backend', and issue warning.
14758	Initializes the app, runs subapp if necessary, checks for old config, handles extra args, initializes paths, shell, banner, and various post-banner activities.
14759	Initialize the InteractiveShell instance with display_banner set to False and append self to configurables.
14760	```markdown
Displays a banner and prints a newline if conditions are met.
```
14761	Return a string representation of an object and its type for error messages.
14762	Converts a string or list of strings to a list, defaulting to ['anytrait'] if None.
14763	Set default value for an instance. Calls method to create and validate default value. Defers initialization until parent class is instantiated.
14764	Sets up or removes a handler for trait changes.
14765	Gets a list of traits of a class that match given metadata conditions.
14766	Retrieve metadata value for a trait by key
14767	def validate(self, obj, value): Validates that value is a valid object instance or None if allowed.
14768	`get_default_value` returns the default value for a HasTraits instance, either by generating it if it's a generator class or by returning the value directly.
14769	Checks if dependencies are met based on completed and failed sets. Returns True if all dependencies are completed when success is True, or if any dependencies are failed when failure is True. Uses subset or disjoint operations to determine if dependencies are met based on the all flag.
14770	check if dependency is impossible due to completed or failed tasks
14771	def as_dict(self):  
    Convert this dependency to a dictionary for JSON compatibility.
14772	Returns the depth of an element in a tree structure by traversing up the hierarchy until the root is reached.
14773	def print_bintree(tree, indent='  '):
    "Print a binary tree sorted by keys."
    for n in sorted(tree.keys()):
        print "%s%s" % (indent * depth(n,tree), n)
14774	def disambiguate_dns_url(url, location): Converts DNS name to IP, then disambiguates the URL using the IP address.
14775	reduce and broadcast
14776	Ensure targets are a list of integer IDs, converting input to IDs and filtering out invalid ones.
14777	def dispatch_monitor_traffic(self, msg):
Logs a message and processes it based on its topic.
14778	Dispatches client registration requests and queries, processes messages, and routes them to appropriate handlers. Logs errors and sends failure responses for invalid messages.
14779	Handler for new heartbeats. Logs debugging info. Ignores new hearts not in registrations. Completes registration for recognized hearts.
14780	Handle heart failure by removing the engine from the registry if it has failed to respond to a beat request.
14781	Saves a task message by deserializing it, updating or adding a record in the database, and handling potential exceptions.
14782	save_task_result: save completed task result, handle messaging and database updates
14783	Saves an iopub message into the database by unserializing it, extracting relevant information, and updating the database record with the new data. If the parent message is missing or the message type is unhandled, it logs a warning. Handles various message types like stream, pyerr, pyin, display_data, pyout, and status.
14784	Logs client connection, prepares connection info, sends reply with engine addresses.
14785	Registers a new engine by extracting queue and heartbeat from the message, checking for duplicates, and then sending a registration reply.
14786	Unregister an engine that explicitly requested to leave. Extract engine ID from message, log the action, lookup UUID, add UUID to dead engines, schedule delayed callback to handle stranded messages, and send unregistration notification if notifier is available.
14787	Completes the engine registration process by processing incoming registration data, creating an EngineConnector, and logging the connection status.
14788	handle shutdown request by sending shutdown_reply and shutdown_notice, and schedule _shutdown after 1000ms
14789	This method purges records from memory based on a list of message IDs provided in the `msg` dictionary. It also checks for the presence of specified engine IDs and removes records related to them. The method logs the action and sends a response message with the status of the operation. If any exceptions occur during the process, the method catches them and wraps them in an error response.
14790	Decomposes a TaskRecord dict into a structured reply for get_result, extracting relevant sections and handling potential empty buffers.
14791	###Summary:
The method retrieves results for specified message IDs, checks their status, and categorizes them as pending or completed. It optionally returns detailed records based on the status_only flag.
14792	Get history
Retrieve msg_ids from DB
Handle exceptions
Send history or error reply
14793	Performs a database query based on the provided client ID and message, extracting and returning records and buffer lengths.
14794	Change the current working directory and yield. Afterward, restore the previous directory.
14795	This method `decode_cmd_out` decodes the standard output and standard error of a command completed by `completed_cmd`. It first tries to decode using UTF-8, then falls back to BIG5 encoding if necessary. If both fail, it assumes UTF-8. Finally, it returns a `ParsedCompletedCommand` object containing the decoded output and error, along with the return code and arguments.
14796	Runs a command under the root directory with optional output capturing.
14797	Execute an R script by running specified commands and decoding the output.
14798	Calls frontend handler for given message type
14799	Determines if a message reply from the kernel came from a request made by this frontend by comparing session IDs.
14800	Run the report by calling `report_files` with `annotate_file` as the annotation function, `morfs`, and `directory` as arguments.
14801	Annotate a CodeUnit file by adding coverage information and writing it to a new file.
14802	get\_installed\_version(name) returns the installed version of a package or None if not installed.
14803	Converts unicode strings in a dictionary or list to bytestrings recursively.
14804	Given a message or header, extract and return the header. If the input is a message, return its header; if just a header, return it as is. If neither, raise an error. Convert the header to a dictionary if not already.
14805	Checks if packers can serialize and deserialize data, including binary data and datetime support. If datetime support fails, modifies pack and unpack functions to handle dates.
14806	return dictionary with message details
14807	Sign a message with HMAC digest. If no auth, return b''.
14808	Serialize msg to bytes.
14809	Builds and sends a message via a stream or socket, handling both serialization and optional tracking.
14810	Sends a raw message via an ident path using a ZMQ stream or socket. Prepares a message by signing it and appending it to a list of serialized messages. Uses `send_multipart` to send the message.
14811	Receive a message via a ZMQ socket, decode any identities, and return the message and identities.
14812	Split the identities from the rest of the message using DELIM. If copy is true, split directly. If false, find DELIM and split accordingly. Return lists of idents and remaining msg_list.
14813	Unserialize a msg_list to a nested message dict. Works with full message lists, inverse of serialize. Handles content and copy options. Raises errors for unsigned, duplicate, or invalid signatures.
14814	Saves an SVG document to disk using a file dialog. Returns the filename of the saved file or None if the save was cancelled.
14815	Copy SVG content to clipboard.
14816	Converts a SVG string to a QImage with an optional size. Raises ValueError for invalid SVG. Returns QImage in ARGB32 format.
14817	Make an object info dictionary with all fields present, updating with any provided keyword arguments.
14818	Definitely, please provide the code whose summary needs to be generated.
14819	Retrieves the source code of an object using `inspect.getsource`, handling binary objects by returning `None`. If the object is decorated, it first accesses the original object before attempting to get the source code.
14820	Get the argument names and default values of a function's arguments. Returns a tuple of (args, varargs, varkw, defaults).
14821	Extracts call tip data from an oinfo dict. If format_call is True, returns formatted call line; otherwise, returns a tuple of name and argspec dict. Returns None if no call information is available. Prioritizes call docstring for callable instances, then constructor docstring for classes, and finally main object's docstring.
14822	Find the absolute path to the file where an object was defined, using `inspect.getabsfile`. Handle cases where the object is decorated or is an instance by checking the class. Return the file path or None if not found.
14823	```plaintext
Find the line number in a file where an object was defined using `inspect.getsourcelines`. Returns the line number or None if no file can be found.
```
14824	get the definition header for any callable object, suppress exceptions
14825	Return a header string with proper colors
14826	Prints a message indicating no information was found, optionally specifying an object name.
14827	Prints the definition header for a callable object. If the object is a class, prints the constructor information.
14828	Prints the docstring of an object, optionally formatting it. If no docstring is found, it notifies the user. If the object is a class, it also prints the docstring of its constructor and any callable object it represents.
14829	Prints the source code of an object while flushing the source cache to ensure up-to-date information and handling exceptions if the source cannot be retrieved.
14830	```python
def pfile(self, obj, oname=''):
    """Show the whole file where an object was defined."""
    
    lineno = find_source_lines(obj)
    if lineno is None:
        self.noinfo('file', oname)
        return

    ofile = find_file(obj)
    if ofile.endswith(('.so', '.dll', '.pyd')) or not os.path.isfile(ofile):
        print 'File %r is binary or does not exist, not printing.' % ofile
    else:
        page.page(self.format(open(ofile).read()), lineno-1)
```
14831	This method formats a list of fields by padding the titles to a specified width and truncating or expanding the content as needed.
14832	Definitely. Please provide the code that you would like summarized.
14833	The psearch method searches namespaces for objects that match a given pattern. It supports wildcard searches and optional filtering by type, case insensitivity, and excluding names starting with underscores. Namespaces not included in the search parameter are excluded. The search results are then displayed using the page.page() method.
14834	```plaintext
Start Twisted reactor in a separate thread (if not already done). Return the reactor and thread. Daemon thread destroyed after tests.
```
14835	Wraps a test function with Twisted's Deferred, making it wait for the deferred to be triggered. Allows specifying a timeout to stop the test when it expires. Callback indicates a passed test, errback or timeout indicates a failed test. Must be applied before other decorators like "raises."
14836	Inputs: query string, corpus string, scan step size, adjustment flexibility, case sensitivity flag
Outputs: best matching substring, match ratio
Method:
1. If case_sensitive is False, convert query and corpus to lowercase
2. Define helper functions: ratio (sequence match ratio), scan_corpus (scans corpus for match values), index_max (finds index of maximum value)
3. Adjust flexibility if exceeds query length / 2
4. Scan corpus to get match values
5. Find initial best match position
6. Adjust left and right positions for best match
7. Return adjusted best substring and match value
14837	Converts stored data to XML string with optional indentation and declaration.
14838	Encodes data to XML using `_update_document` and returns an `lxml.etree` object.
14839	Recursively loads all modules from a given package or set of packages, returning a list of unique module objects.
14840	Converts a dictionary with list values into a dictionary with list elements as keys and original keys as values.
14841	Merge two Structs with customizable conflict resolution.
14842	Recursively converts complex objects to primitive types (dict, list, int, float, bool, str, None) for serialization purposes.
14843	Parses and formats source code with colored output based on the specified scheme. Handles both file-like objects and string outputs. Implements error handling for tokenization errors.
14844	Return a list of matplotlib figures by figure numbers. If no arguments are given, return all available figures. If invalid figure numbers are provided, print a warning and continue with the next figure.
14845	Converts a Matplotlib figure to SVG or PNG format, handling empty figures and restoring original face and edge colors.
14846	A factory function that returns a matplotlib-enabled runner for the %run magic function, using a provided safe_execfile function to execute the script file while handling interactive rendering appropriately.
14847	Selects figure format ('png' or 'svg') for inline backend in Jupyter Notebook. Enables only one format at a time by removing the other from the format list and adding the selected format with a lambda function to print the figure in the specified format. Raises ValueError for unsupported formats.
14848	Determines the GUI and backend for Matplotlib based on the input GUI string or the current Matplotlib backend configuration.
14849	Activate the specified matplotlib backend, set it to interactive mode, and modify show and draw_if_interactive functions.
14850	Configure an IPython shell object for matplotlib inline support, handling the backend and user namespace.
14851	Activates pylab mode by importing numpy, matplotlib, and related libraries into a user's namespace, optionally configuring a GUI based on the backend. Prints a welcome message indicating the active backend.
14852	def _trace(self, frame, event, arg_unused):
    """The trace function passed to sys.settrace."""
    if self.stopped:
        return

    if event == 'call':
        # Entering a new function context. Decide if we should trace in this file.
        self._handle_call(frame)
    elif event == 'line':
        # Record an executed line.
        self._handle_line(frame)
    elif event == 'return':
        # Leaving a function, pop the filename stack.
        self._handle_return(frame)
    elif event == 'exception':
        # Handle an exception.
        self._handle_exception(frame)

    return self._trace

def _handle_call(self, frame):
    if not self.cur_file_data:
        return

    filename = frame.f_code.co_filename
    if filename not in self.should_trace_cache:
        self.should_trace_cache[filename] = self.should_trace(filename, frame)

    tracename = self.should_trace_cache[filename]
    if tracename:
        if tracename not in self.data:
            self.data[tracename] = {}
        self.cur_file_data = self.data[tracename]
    else:
        self.cur_file_data = None

    self.last_line
14853	Start tracing and return a trace function for sys.settrace().
14854	Stop tracing by setting the stopped flag and unhooking the trace function if called on the correct thread.
14855	Starts a new Tracer object, initializes it with data from the current instance, and appends it to self.tracers. Returns the result of the tracer's start method.
14856	Remove self as trace function, install real tracer, invoke tracer, return new tracer function.
14857	Start collecting trace information. If collectors exist, pause the last one. Add self to the collectors list. Check if a tracer is already installed. If so, capture its traces. Install the tracer on the current thread. Replay any captured traces. Install the tracer in threading for other threads.
14858	Stop collecting trace information, pause tracing, clear tracers, and resume the previous collector if any.
14859	Pause tracing, collect stats, and stop threading.
14860	Resume tracing by starting each tracer and setting the trace hook.
14861	Return the line data collected, re-building it if measuring branches.
14862	check for errors in a result dict or list, raise CompositeError if any exist, passthrough otherwise
14863	Renders a traceback or tracebacks from a list of exception entries to a list of lines. If `excid` is provided, only the traceback for that index is rendered; otherwise, all tracebacks are rendered.
14864	Measure code coverage at Python startup if the COVERAGE_PROCESS_START environment variable is defined.
14865	Get canonical directory of module or file
14866	Return the source file for a given filename, removing any trailing ".py" or "$py.class" extension.
14867	Determines whether to trace execution in a given file. Returns whether to trace (filename or None) and a reason.
14868	Decide whether to trace execution in a given filename by calling `_should_trace_with_reason`. Return the decision. If debugging is enabled, log a message indicating whether tracing is occurring.
14869	Appends a warning message to `_warnings` list and prints it to `sys.stderr`.
14870	This method updates the source_match matcher with the latest imported packages. It iterates through the self.source_pkgs list, checks if each package is imported by looking it up in sys.modules, and if so, adds its file to the source_match. It also canonicalizes the file path and handles cases where the module has no Python source.
14871	Start measuring code coverage, load data if auto_data is True, set up matchers, and possibly log configuration and debugging info.
14872	Clean up with `stop()` and `save()` if started and `auto_data` is True.
14873	Modify the 'exclude' list in self.config by appending a regular expression, and mark the excluded lines for special treatment during reporting.
14874	Return compiled regex for given exclusion list, caching results.
14875	Save coverage data to file with a unique suffix.
14876	Combines coverage data from files whose names start with `data_file` and updates the current measurements using the `combine_parallel_data` method. Optionally uses path aliases if `config.paths` is provided.
14877	Collects data, resets collector, warns about unimported packages, checks for data, finds unexecuted files, and resets measured flag.
14878	Like `analysis2` but omits excluded line numbers.
14879	Analyze a module, return filename, executable, excluded, missing lines, and formatted missing lines.
14880	This method analyzes a single morf or code unit, harvesting necessary data and creating an Analysis object.
14881	Writes a summary report to a file, listing module coverage details, and returns the total percentage covered.
14882	Annotates a list of modules, writing coverage information to a new file with markers indicating line coverage.
14883	Generates an HTML report from data, writes it to a specified directory, and returns the total coverage percentage.
14884	Generate an XML coverage report for modules in `morfs`, writing to `outfile` or stdout. Handle file opening/closing, delete output file on error. Return total coverage percentage as float.
14885	Display a Python object in all frontends. By default, all representations are computed and sent to frontends. Frontends can choose representations and formatting.
14886	display_html displays the HTML representation of Python objects or raw HTML data based on the 'raw' parameter.
14887	Display SVG representation of objects. Accepts raw SVG data if raw=True. Otherwise, formats and displays objects as SVG.
14888	Display PNG representation of objects or raw PNG data. If raw=True, iterate and publish each object. Otherwise, display objects with text/plain and image/png formats.
14889	Displays JPEG representation of objects or raw JPEG data.
14890	Display LaTeX representation of objects, handling raw data conditionally.
14891	Display the JSON representation of Python objects or raw JSON data. If raw is True, publish the objects directly; otherwise, use display with specified MIME types to show JSON.
14892	def display_javascript(*objs, **kwargs):
    """Display the Javascript representation of an object.

    Parameters
    ----------
    objs : tuple of objects
        The Python objects to display, or if raw=True raw javascript data to
        display.
    raw : bool
        If True, display raw javascript data; otherwise, format Python objects
        before displaying. [default: False]
    """
    raw = kwargs.pop('raw',False)
    if raw:
        for obj in objs:
            publish_javascript(obj)
    else:
        display(*objs, include=['text/plain','application/javascript'])
14893	Reloads raw data from file or URL, handling file read errors and decoding if a charset is specified.
14894	Find the full path to a command using the `which` command via `subprocess.Popen`.
14895	Execute a command in a subshell and capture its exit status.
14896	Wraps a file descriptor in a socket pair for forward read events using ZeroMQ's PUSH-PULL pattern and a separate thread for forwarding.
14897	Read lines from a file descriptor, send them over a socket, and close both.
14898	Determine the launcher class based on the given class name and kind. If the class name does not contain a module path, prepend 'IPython.parallel.apps.launcher.' and adjust the class name according to the kind. Import and return the class.
14899	Start the app for the stop subcommand. Attempt to read the PID from a file, check if the cluster is running, and stop it using an appropriate signal if running. If the cluster is not running, log an error and continue. On退出
14900	The `build_launcher` method imports and instantiates a Launcher class based on the provided `clsname` and `kind`. It handles import errors by logging a fatal error and exiting the program. The Launcher is initialized with various attributes and returned.
14901	Starts the app for the engines subcommand, logs the start, checks if the cluster is already running, logs and daemonizes, starts the engines, and starts the event loop, handling exceptions for keyboard interrupts and specific ZMQ errors.
14902	Starts the app for the start subcommand. Checks if the cluster is running, logs and daemonizes if necessary, starts controller and engines with delays, writes new PID file, and handles exceptions.
14903	If a wx app exists, return it; otherwise, create a new one with optional keyword arguments.
14904	Check if the wx event loop is running by verifying if an app is in the event loop or if its main loop is running.
14905	Start the wx event loop if not already running, ensuring it runs consistently.
14906	Create a new qt4 application or return an existing one using `QApplication.instance()`. If no application exists, create a new one with optional arguments.
14907	Check if the Qt4 event loop is running by examining the `_in_event_loop` attribute of the application object, or return False if not available.
14908	Starts the Qt4 event loop if it's not already running and sets `_in_event_loop` flag accordingly.
14909	Created a blank canvas for annotation with specified width and height. Returns a `Canvas` object.
14910	Draws a cross on the canvas at the specified position, color, and radius, ensuring it remains within the canvas bounds.
14911	Draws a line on the canvas between two positions using specified color.
14912	Writes text at specified position with optional centering, color, size, and antialiasing.
14913	Converts a grayscale image into a 3-channel canvas, copying the grayscale values to specified color channels.
14914	Generates a unique ID of a specified length using either version 1 (node-based) or version 4 (random) UUIDs.
14915	Generate a unique cache key from a given dictionary of GET parameters by encoding it, appending the current site's domain, and then computing an MD5 hash.
14916	def get_domain(url): Converts URL to lowercase, prepends 'http://' if missing, and returns the domain name using urlparse.
14917	Splits a URL into its argument components and returns them as a dictionary.
